Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the unit to work and it was a little slow.  The only thing I did was to change the channel on my tv and switch it to the left channel.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not work.  I am sure it works if you plug it in to the power button.  If you plug the antenna into the radio, the signal gets weaker.  It is a waste of money to buy this item if you don't need it.  Do yourself a favor and buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card for my laptop. The card came in two days. The laptop is in the process of getting an anti-virus scan and the card is unusable. I called Sony and they said that it is not a hardware defect. The computer has been unplugged and returned to Sony for a replacement. Sony needs to have better software support. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to record my favorite TV shows and it has a few problems.  First, the sound is a bit weak.  The picture is OK, but the sound will drop if you are very close to the TV, such as at a distance of about 10 feet.  But this is not the fault of the TV.  This is the TV's sound.  I have used other sound cards, and this is the worst.  If you are watching a program at a high volume (say for watching a sports program) or if you don't mind watching a few programs at a time, this card will work.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earphones don't fit.  I'm a small girl and have large ears, so I needed a pair to keep in my ears.  They do the job.  But they're not very comfortable to wear at all.  It took me awhile to figure out why.  The earphones themselves are very light, but I have to wear them for longer periods of time to keep the bass up.  This is because the earphones are so stiff, it feels like I'm wearing earphones instead of earphones.  After the first few months of use, I noticed the earpieces were starting to come apart.  Don't buy them, because the sound quality is not up to the expectations of a pair of earbuds with the same features 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this product again. The sound is terrible and not worth the money. I do not like the fact that the product is shipped with software. You can only purchase this product without software. It's just not worth it. It does have the ability to scan through your PC's DVD drive but it's not a great feature. I would buy a different product that is just a USB device. I'm just not happy with this product at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife.  The only thing is that it is not very easy to use.  I think that is because the buttons are not as big as I expected.  However, it is easy to set up.  Overall, I would stay away from this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was ok, it worked. It only worked with the older Dell E-Series models, that don't have a built-in memory card.  If you want to use it with newer Dell EMC or Epson printer models, the memory card must be installed separately.  The product did work, but you must be prepared to pay for the memory cards separately. I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product and it arrived and was very broken, the card just broke after one use, it's not even usable, it will not print on a color printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These sound great, but they don't really last very long. The one that I've used to record my band is broken. I've spent $60 or so for the new one and it's still broken. The replacement unit is a joke. I just got it and it stopped working after 5 hours. I'll never use it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is okay, but the picture is not worth the price.  The only reason I am using it now is because I have the extra battery.  You would think they would put a positive review about an item that will last you a long time, right? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is ok.  The remote is a little awkward to use.  I would rather have a cheaper one that I can plug into the TV instead of the one that comes with the TV.  But if you want to use the remote, buy a cheap one.  It's not that the remote is bad, it's that you will be spending extra money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a small memory card that could fit into my Mac Mini. This card is not the case for my needs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product several times and have not been satisfied.  The unit does not work well, is difficult to use, and requires a lot of rewinding/scraping of cables to get the thing working again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is not worth the price, it does not work at all.  The buttons work fine but you need to press in very hard to get them to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very weak and the receiver is extremely expensive. I don't know why I bought this. I would return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was great until I moved from my Dell laptop to a HP laptop with a different sound card.  Sound now is weak and not as loud as my Dell.  I will not be purchasing from this vendor again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is a joke. You can't even hook it up, because the connector is so small. You will need to get a larger one to get it to connect to your printer. I tried and it didn't work, so I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these in my car. I got them from Amazon and they came in great condition. But then they failed, and I had to return them. The warranty only covers one repair.  Amazon was nice to send me new ones for free (which were fine, but I'll never buy from Amazon again). Amazon's customer service was great and the customer service department (in the Amazon customer service section) was very helpful.  But I still don't trust Amazon and won't buy from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the only problem with this product is that it is hard to use.  there is no software for changing the drive name.  I can see this could be an issue with my PC.  you have to put a number after the name and then select it.  the drive itself is really easy to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an electronic device, not a sound device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because it was advertised to fit my iPod Touch and it worked! but it does not fit my CD player. i can't get it to fit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card does not work on any of the newer cards that I have bought, only the older ones.  I do not know why, it's a very frustrating device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works, but the packaging is very flimsy.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as a replacement for a bad CD player.  Unfortunately they did not work!  The product was sent to me and after trying a few different brands of CD player, I gave up and went for the Sony model.  But now I have to return the Sony CD player because it is not working.  They have not sent me a replacement yet.  I guess Sony doesn't like customers complaining about a defective CD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After 2 weeks, this item is still not working.  I have returned it and I am going back to the Apple store for an refund.  The item was returned to me because it broke.  You will have to take a chance with an adapter for this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Sennheiser K1000 for my son who has chronic problems with his Sony Walkman player.  The product was delivered and installed properly and the only problem was it kept spinning for about a week.  I returned it and they gave me the $100 Sennkon money back.  Sony does not offer any kind of warranty on their products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was as advertised but the packaging was damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the cheapest product I've ever owned.  I bought it expecting it to last a long time.  It doesn't.  They'll just blow out.  What a waste 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's really slow and laggy, if you play games or play at all, it will make it very hard to control your mouse cursor, if your in games it will not let you use it.  The lag is pretty big and if you are doing anything at all on your mouse, it just does not respond very well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is just ok. It has some of the best pictures, but is slow to turn on.  It has no USB connection ability, and it turns off after a while when the device is not connected to the PC.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought the unit thinking I'd get my DVD player back to work. The unit is dead after only a few months.  It was a good price, but the warranty is a joke. I guess I should have expected something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the first one I bought had a very low signal. I bought two of them and they only worked in the two rooms where I live.  The second one worked in two other rooms.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the CD player in my computer was very hard to use. it would freeze up and wouldn't play at all. I got it replaced with a Sony product. I don't know how Sony would ship an item that wouldn't work for the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not as nice as I expected, I was looking for a mouse with a nicer screen, not so small but not too bulky.  I found the buttons too small and flimsy, not to mention they can't even hold the mouse.  If you use the mouse to move around the screen, the buttons are way too small to click anywhere.  Don't waste your money, they're not worth the money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased the item at a bad price. The product was shipped in great condition, however, it did not arrive to the customer's house on time.  I called UPS and it took 2 days to get it there.  There was a slight scratch on the case, however it was not the product that I had ordered.  The product did not work at all.  If you do not like the sound quality, it may be an indication that the product is defective.  However, I do not recommend this product, at least for the price.  It is more than I paid for the item, therefore I will not be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound quality is great.  but it does have a flaw. it is that there is a very noticeable delay when the volume control is switched from one setting to another. i was able to hear the difference between the two volume levels but when the switch is made it is very very quick and very uncomfortable.  if you have a small child who needs to sleep then this product is a waste of money.  i think that this is the first electronic device i have had in years that is actually uncomfortable to listen to.  also it is a bit confusing to adjust the volume because the buttons are not labeled so you have to do it twice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work for my home network. It is not possible to change the default IP address in the BIOS, so I can't connect my router to the Internet anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product does not work with my iPod. i can't even get it to work on my iPod (a black one).  don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was a nightmare.  it wouldnt fit in my car because it had one piece that was too long.  so I returned it to the store 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works ok.  If you get it with your printer, it breaks down quickly.  It takes about 6 months to break down, so you have to keep a new printer to get it back to working again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I have about this item is that the remote is very unresponsive. I am sure it can be improved on but this is a very weak remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little too big for my small room.  Maybe it is better for larger spaces.  I bought this thinking it was a better alternative to the $100 ACM.  Guess wrong.  Don't waste your money on this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a used one for my wife and it didn't work.  Don't waste your money.  There is a better one at walmart that works fine but it is more expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this mouse with my new HP ZR7.  This mouse is very hard to use and the buttons don't move very well, which leads to frustration.  I also have to look for a replacement mouse because I can't find anything at a reasonable price.  If you are looking for a mouse that works with your ZR71, I suggest you try a Logitech mouse instead.  It is very easy to use, has a great button layout, and it is quite comfortable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok but it is not compatible with my Dell.  You have to purchase a "standard" adapter that is NOT included in the box.  It was easy enough to just plug it in and get it to work.  I got it to play on my desktop but not very well.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just installed this modem.  The speed was slow and it would go from 800K to around 800K in an hour or so.  I thought that my router was slow.  It was slow as I expected, so I decided to call Comcast.  They said it was because of a bad antenna.  However, I'm an older guy, so they recommended buying a better antenna.I will be returning this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to buy the LG QX8 and thought it was great.  After 2 months I realized that the screen was not sharp enough to read at full size.  So I bought the QX5 instead.  It is much more expensive than the Q8.  But the Q5 still lacks the sharpness of the Qx8 and the price is much better!  The QX4 is the only LCD I've ever owned that was not clear enough to be read.  I don't want to buy another LCD that has this problem.  LG needs to make a better LCD! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was great. I had to return it because it stopped working. I was hoping for a refund or exchange. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought it was because I was able to hook up my Sony S2 to my iPod Classic.  After doing this for a few weeks it had stopped functioning.  I sent it back and they said it could be because the power supply is too weak or maybe because I got a defective unit.  If you get this and have a good power supply you will not get any problems with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was a little disappointing to me.  The case was so small, it couldn't hold a card that is as big as mine.  I had to buy an extra piece of cardboard just to put the card in there.  If you buy it, please try to get a small card that you can keep in the case, just in case you lose it.  It is very difficult to keep the cards in the tray when it's raining outside.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is junk.  It does not work with my DVD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work with my LG laptop. I had to return it.  I think I'll try the LG brand instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is fine, but the earbuds don't fit well in my ears, and the batteries are weak.  I have tried several combinations of batteries and earbud, and they all sound weak and inconsistent.  The headphones are bulky and uncomfortable.  My suggestion is to buy the cheaper model, which is not as bulky or uncomfortable, but is still not as comfortable as the expensive model I got. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product does not work at all. it has to be re-wired. it is not easy to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not as clear as the other headphones I have, but the price is not really worth it, especially when you get the one that has a better fit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A great electronic device, but not at all what I expected.  Not at all, not at any.  I bought this one thinking it would be better than the other one I had, but it was very, very difficult to get it to work.  The first time I tried it, it had to be turned on for the first time, then it would not work.I ended up returning it and I'm glad I did, but I'm definitely not sure it will work with my next electronic device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my work laptop and it did not work out.  It has to be the software problem, not the mouse itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is just a re-branded Kingston 128MB memory card. I would never buy Kingston memory. Kingston memory cards do not last very long.  The product is a waste of $50.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product did not work, and it is not an item that i had to return 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure if this is the same model but I had to send it back because it wouldn't work.  No explanation and no refund.  If you have a good card you can get a better card.  This card does not support the Voodoo logo.  I don't know what the issue is but I am now returning the card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this unit and they worked for a couple of weeks but then stopped working.  I did not try to return them.  They are not a problem with the unit itself.  You have to try it on your computer first, because it does not appear that the unit works with the computer, it only works with a specific type of machine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not that easy to find the connectors.  You have to open the box and carefully search for them, and it seems the only way to find them is to take the whole box apart.  It is a piece of junk.  I am very disappointed that the company I bought this product from doesn't support the use of standard connectors 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was fine until it was too expensive.  You can't even get it to work right.  It has to be rebooted everytime.  Not cool, Amazon! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a good sound card for my Mac Mini, and I didn't see any that would meet the criteria I needed.  I decided to get this card, but I am very disappointed.  The sound quality is ok, but the card is not a good fit for my Mini.  It is much more of a pain to use than my previous sound card.  But it is still worth trying if you are looking for something to use in your Mini, which I am!  The card works for Windows PCs (and my Mac), but I have never used Windows XP, so it is not really a Windows-specific card.The card will only work in Windows XP.  So you will have to try that if you want to use it with XP.I think it is a very cheap card (I got mine for $15) and the price was right, but it is very annoying to use when you want a sound card in your Mac Mini 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very weak product.  The sound is not very good.  It is ok for gaming, but I would rather get something better.  If I could buy another product from Amazon, I would choose the Kingston 32GB Micro SD Card.  I will buy another one in a few months, but it will not be this product.I would recommend this product to someone who does not have a lot of space or does not like the idea of a Micro SD card.  But if you are like me and want more storage, get something like a Western Digital or Kingston 64GB SDHC memory card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is an example of the worst kind of technology I've seen in the CD player.  It is almost impossible to use without using it to eject discs.  I tried four different models with the same results.  Do not buy this product if you intend to use your CD player on the road.  Buy something better, like Sony's product or Panasonic's product.  Amazon is selling this product for a pretty high price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these as an upgrade from the CD-RW from a friend.  Unfortunately, these do not play CDs in my CD player.  I have gone through 2 sets of these now with the same result.  The sound is horrible and it will make your CD player go out if it doesn't play in time.  Do not buy these, unless you are a professional and want to be able to hear what you're listening to! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description is accurate but the product itself is very unreliable. The headphones stop working in a short time after a full charge (the product is not rechargeable). In addition, the earphones themselves are very fragile, can easily break.  I've returned my original headphones and purchased the pair of replacement headphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's ok, but nothing to write home about 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself was great. However, the product is extremely heavy, which makes it cumbersome to carry around.  We ended up selling the product back because it was too heavy for us to carry anywhere.  The only positive review about the product was that the headphones were not scratched during transit.  If the product works out, I will give it another shot, but I will not buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst thing I have ever seen.  The thing is that the cable can't be pulled out and the USB connection is a dead zone and it just stops responding to anything you try.  It's an absolute nightmare to use.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived with scratches on the case, which I did not have to return.  The problem was that it does not work with my Dell laptop.  Don't waste your money.  It is a nice case, but the problem is the lack of a USB slot.  Not worth the money if you don't use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had two of these units. The first one worked ok. The second one started acting up right away.  I'm not sure what to do, as I don't have a replacement yet.  If I ever do get a replacement, I will definitely be buying from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting the sound quality to be much better than my other headphones. However, the sound was so weak that I was unable to enjoy the stereo.  I am extremely disappointed with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not come with instructions for changing the memory in the card. The customer service rep that helped me with the card was not helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not well suited for my needs.  I would never buy it again.  For $10, I expect a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work.  It is a huge inconvenience.  I don't know if I can get it back to work because I lost my receipt 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping this product would have better specs.  However, when I use the "auto-charge" function on the unit to charge my phone it does not charge at all!  I would say this product has a bad design at best.  The case does not protect the device well, it is very bulky, and the user manual is not helpful.  I do not believe this product is worth the price tag. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to connect my Canon EOS digital camera to my iPod.    I was hoping that it would be able to capture more frames with my camera since it had an SD card slot.  However, it does not work.  It only captures about 1/8 second of footage and it takes longer to load and store the files.  This is a total waste of time and money.  If you buy this item, buy it in the US at Amazon because Amazon is much cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works but is very bulky and requires several pairs to get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not fit the iPod touch 2G or 2.1, as I suspected from the description.  I will be returning this item and will purchase another brand to see if it is worth replacing with a better card.  Please return to Amazon for a more reasonable card with more volume. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router because I needed a connection to my router that is powered by my computer and not my router.  However, this router doesn't even allow you to change the IP address to your computer.  I had to buy another one and use it to connect to my home network 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not good. I bought this because I needed something that would work with my iPod.  However, I am very disappointed with the sound quality.  The volume is not sufficient for my iPod, and the sound is too weak.  I will not be buying this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a piece of junk. The antenna does not work. The customer service reps do not return the phone in a timely manner.  I am an aficionado of Sony products.  However, I did return the item and purchase Sony software from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a bit excited about the Panasonic PDA-X800 because I am using my Canon SLR and have had a lot of success with Canon's own cameras.  However, I am now considering switching back to the Canon C300.  It does not have the memory capacity to handle my Canon SD cards, and the PDA itself is a little unreliable.  I have had my PDA for a little over a month and it has already suffered a loss of memory!  I am going to return it because it just doesn't work as well as I expected!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok. but it is a little weak in my room and not in the center.  The unit is easy to set up but takes a long time to actually get to the room.  I am returning it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After installing the memory card in my notebook, I noticed that the card does not appear to be installed properly.  It also is very slow.  I will not be using this card for the next few months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a Sony product in the past, so it's not that I don't know how to set up a router.  But I did try to set it up and got it to work fine, but after a few days the connection got messed up and I had to reset it to make it work again.  I can't really say the product was defective, because it did work when I first tried it.  It's not like I got a bad router, or it got frozen or something.  The problem is that the product is actually not designed to be used this way.  You would have to get a router which is designed specifically to do this and not have any other problems.  And it's really not that easy to find one.  So I can understand why the product would be rejected, but if you want to do that, go to a different company.  Sony really should have tried to make a better product than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was NOT worth the money.  It's an mp3 player, but it's not a very big player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not at all impressed with this product. the sound is not that great and its not that durable. i would return it and get something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was good but the software was a bit outdated. i had to update the software to fix the issue.  not a big deal but not something I would pay for.  if i would have bought this product 10 years ago 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After about 10 hours I was able to turn the unit on and use it.  But it is so slow.  It is not fast enough to be considered an MP3 player.  I have a small Sony player that can play MP3 files, and the Sony player is very fast.  So I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this CD-RW player for a little over a year and it's just so far from being usable.  I have it hooked up to my digital camera and take pictures at night, and it has absolutely NO chance of playing the CD-ROM that it is supposed to be playing.  My camera will only play CD's that I have on the drive, and the player will only load ONE CD at a time, and if I don't have the CD on me, it will not load any further.  So much for the cool-factor.  If you're looking for a CD player, go with Sony.  Don't waste your money on this.  Amazon is cheaper.  Do yourself a favor and buy Sony's CD-R-RW.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this.  They don't fit well and it's impossible to get them out without the use of a screwdriver. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work for me.  I am not sure if it is the cable itself or the receiver.  The receiver has a bad connection.  It doesn't pick up the sound properly.  Other than that the product is OK.  However, the cable is quite expensive and the receiver is a little unreliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these for my iPod, but they don't hold a charge at all, and they don´t work in my car, and there is a very high chance that I will get an electrical shock when I plug in the iPod.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable in January and it was not even used. I am not happy with the cable because the picture is not clear and I have to wait until the picture starts to get blurry to use the cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok but I had to return them because the sound card was not recognized by the unit! The unit is made of plastic and the connector is very flimsy! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had my CD player in about 6 months and my new one was a lemon.  The disc has a small scratch that looks like it is coming from the bottom.  No matter what I do the disc keeps falling out.  I would have to spend the money for a better player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this case about 2 months ago. It's not very comfortable, and it leaks a lot. It also has a lot of weight, which means it isn't very stable.  The one-year warranty is a joke. I'd buy a cheaper one.  I can't recommend this case, but I'll probably buy a new one after I've used it for a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earphones will not stay in. I was buying them because I needed them to stay in for the first 3 weeks of the trip. I am not sure what they will do if they stay in longer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a small and easy to miss.  Not worth the $30.00 price.  The sound is weak.  It would not have been as nice as my other sound card which I purchased years ago.  I will not buy again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received the product today and had it in my car for just over a week.  It worked fine for a while but then stopped.  I'm not happy with this product.  The sound quality is a little disappointing.  This product is a joke.  There is no adjustment on the dial and the unit is very hard to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was defective and I had to return it. I thought the return policy was a good one, but it was not. I had it shipped to Amazon and it was rejected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because I was getting too many "blowing" noises. After two days, the product arrived and I still have to return it to Amazon.  I will never buy Amazon again for their customer service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was fine but it just broke after a week or so of usage.  I have not received a replacement yet so if you want to get it you may have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a shame because I bought the card just because I didn't have any other choice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these memory sticks as a backup.  I was disappointed to find that they did not work with my iMac.  This is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product. The software to setup the memory card just doesn't work. If you want to transfer data from one card to another it is very easy to transfer using the Windows XP Media Center. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my iPod in less than two days. The first day I played with it, it died.  I returned it and received a new one.  But the iPod is not functioning properly.  It is not possible to play and play and no information is displayed when the iPod turns on.  After a few minutes, the iPod starts playing but stops again.  The battery life is only a few hours, so I return the iPod.  If this is the only iPod you have, then I would advise you to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product on a HP laptop and it just stopped working. I contacted HP support and they told me to take it back to the manufacturer.  They didn't have an exact model number.  I called HP again and they said they were replacing the product, which I didn't want.  HP's support department is great, but the manufacturer should do better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money. I bought this because my computer had a bad fan that kept running out of cool air and needed to be replaced, and I wanted to have the option of being able to do it myself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total disaster 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does have a nice look and feel, but the cable is very short. I'm using it in a large house with 4 people. The unit is very light and the cord is so short that I can't hook it up to my radio without removing my headphones and putting them back in.  I don't want to be bothered with hooking up an antenna to an unplugged system and have it break down. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  AFAIK this is a new product (not the previous version), but the installation is NOT straightforward. The manual (and the pictures in this review) suggest that you put the card in the card holder as shown on the picture, but then you will need to remove the card from the holder, which is a bit fiddly, but not impossible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable that came with my iPod was of poor quality.  It had holes in the center.  Not a very nice purchase.  Don't get it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is OK, but not a true samsung, it will not last, and will require batteries, which will cost more.  Don't waste your money on this,  it is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am an avid player on Sony products.  This product was not of high quality, however the product itself is still functional and the product was shipped promptly.  Sony, please get your product back to me in good condition 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for a friend to use on his laptop.  However, it doesn't work well at all!  I've spent hours trying to get it to work, it has stopped and restarted.  It also appears to be buggy, if you do anything like move it from one place to another and then it works again.  If you want a decent mouse, buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would like to give the Philips logo 5 stars for the sleek design but the product was not reliable for the amount of time I needed to record an mp3.  The earpiece was broken in three places.  One broke after 1 day and was replaced with a different one.  Another broke after 5 days of being broken and was repaired.  It is just an ugly piece of plastic that I can not even use.  I have had this product for 5 days and have not had any problems with it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is ok but not as advertised.  the connection between the receiver and the antenna is too weak.  you need to have a good antenna to receive the signal.  i got mine at Radio Shack and i had to pay $6.00 to get it fixed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works for the first month but then stops working. It doesn't hold the CD or DVD. I returned the CD and DVD, they were in the box with the product. The product has a very short shelf life. I'm going to return this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this printer because I didn't want to pay for a bulky printer with an ink cartridge.  It works great, but the cartridges I get in return don't even fit in the printer.  I can't believe the company sells them at full price.  Don't waste your money on this printer.You can get ink cartridges at any number of stores.  Save your money and buy a cartridge holder 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item and it failed.  The pictures do not come out and the sound is so bad that I cannot even watch the TV!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first few months I used it were fine. I was very surprised to find it was so far from being usable. The volume buttons don't go far enough. I'd had problems with my iPod before, so this is just as bad as I thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I have about this product is that the case is too small.  I would have preferred something more substantial. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my home theater system and it is a total waste of money.  It is not reliable.  I can't get it to connect to my TV (Sony) which is a Sony unit.  You will get a signal that your TV is connected, but then it will disappear.  The cable doesn't seem to be of much help in finding a connection to your TV, but don't be fooled 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card at Walmart and installed it in my car. It worked for a few months, then suddenly stopped working.  I have it in another car, it's working.I will never buy from this vendor again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not the easiest way to record audio, but it works.  Doesn't record in stereo, so I wouldn't use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product on two TVs (both LG 55D and 55X) and both worked only a little bit (about 50% each). Both worked much better when I bought a different TV (Vizio brand). The one that worked (the 55D) worked perfectly for two weeks, but after that became very sluggish (about one second per hour). It worked OK for a week, then died. I returned it and got a refurbished TV from Amazon for about $20 less. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work for me and my wife is not happy with it.  I do not know if the product is defective or the seller is not keeping it in stock 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and it works great for her, but after one year I have to return it to Amazon because it isnt working! The CDR isnt mounted, and the CDR itself wont hold a CD if its mounted!I tried to return this as quickly as possible to Amazon and Amazon told me that its not their fault 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a waste of money, I would never buy it again.  I would return it if I could 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item I received was not what I expected. The item was damaged and was not usable. I sent it back and am looking at another item. This is the second time I have had a bad item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very hard to use, is too slow to record any good video, and is prone to failure. I was only able to record a few minutes of footage using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was listed as being a compact flash drive, but it was really just a regular CD. There was a sticker on the back of the drive that said it was for use with Sony's CF-C65. However, the flash drive itself is just a CD case. The flash drive works OK for a few minutes until it stops spinning. It does not stay put very well, it's very weak, and it's not very fast. Sony should have listed the product as a Compact Flash, because this product is a CD only. I will never buy a Sony product again, because I bought it thinking it was a CF-A65.The CD case is very uncomfortable, especially the shape of it, and the sound quality is not that great. I wish Sony had listed this product as "compact" instead of "compound", because the case fits in the flash storage compartment much better. The product has a lot of wasted money, because it's a CD, not a CF. Sony could have made a CF for this product. I guess they must have been out of product, because the CF-B63 is the only CF-series Sony product that is CF-compact 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was not working out of the box. we had to send it back and get it fixed by return service. this is an electronic device not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product to anyone. The CD player works ok. but the CD is so floppy and the sound is not great. I would be very reluctant to buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not very user friendly. I will not purchase this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Dell laptop that needed an external drive, and since my work is at home, I bought this drive. I have a 16MB 1.5 Gb CD drive and this one would only hold up to 4.5GB.  So, I had to order a 2GB drive (that cost me $60!) because I needed to have more than 3.5Gb.  The other problem is that this drive is a USB drive and not an internal hard drive.  I did get it to hold up for about 3 days, but when I unplugged it and plugged it back in, it was gone.  A very expensive mistake, considering the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product expecting to have a compact CD player with the ability to play any CD I had stored in my player.  The player is a disappointment.  It is not as convenient as I expected, but is more expensive than the player I purchased a few months ago 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a long time customer and this product is now not working, it is very difficult to use it. The first time I did not use it for more than 2 weeks and returned it. I had to buy another one which worked but at a higher cost. I am going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had these memory cards for three years now and have not had any luck whatsoever. They are slow and fail to work in the latest memory card reader.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After receiving my product, it worked very well for about a month.  It would turn itself on and off, but then wouldn't connect to the router.  I would have to disconnect and reconnect the router manually each time.  After a while it would just disconnect.  What a horrible piece of equipment!  I returned it.  If I had known this was a problem, I would never have bought it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it on Amazon for a good price. The thing is a piece of junk.  Can't even hold a phone and it's not waterproof.  I will never buy another product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A nice idea, but it just didn't work. I have had this cable for a year and still haven't gotten it to work.  The only way to fix it is to unplug it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card to use with my Nikon D90 camera. It worked, but was very slow and slow to load. I also tried it with my Canon 70D and Canon 70S, both with excellent results. I don't think the card is defective, but the loading speed is definitely a problem. It takes much longer to load and shoot pictures with the card than with my other cameras 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it, received it, and left it on for a few days. The power button is slightly uncomfortable, but you have to be a little patient if you want to do anything with it.  The sound is not great, but it is not horrible.  If you are looking for something that will do more than just turn on the TV, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as I wanted a small, portable, easy to use mp3 player.  The player is quite fragile and breaks easily, I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a bit pricy to get an item with a decent quality of sound, however the sound is a little weak when compared to the Sony PDA100.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player and it didn't work.  It is not a good player.  I thought I had a defective unit, but it's a cheap CD player!  I had to return it.  Don't waste your money on this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife who was traveling in Australia, and was very disappointed with it. The sound quality was very bad. The volume control is not user-friendly. It is just an easy button to push to change the volume.  If you want to control the volume with your finger, you will need to press on the volume button or use your fingers to push the button. The power cord is very weak and will easily burn out, which is a big disappointment because this is a very inexpensive product. I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was not fit for my needs.  The case was too small.  I needed a larger case, but the price was way too much for what I needed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A cheap $30 USB stick that could only transfer a couple files at best. No speed rating. I returned it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine, but not as good as the product I had before.  The CD player broke after 1 year, so I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a horrible sound and has a huge amount of interference with the CD player.  I would buy a better piece of equipment than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is a little muddy and the soundcard is very slow.  It also has a lot of noise.  The product is so much more expensive than any other one on the market.  This product is a complete waste of time and money.  I don't know why people are paying such a high price for this product when there are so many better ones available at cheaper prices 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is very flimsy. I had to return it and get a new one.  I also have a high-end laptop that does not use the card.  It does not work with the card in that machine.  Please be careful when buying this card.The card was defective, and I am sure you can see the pictures of the card and the case to see the damage. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to replace the old cable that was on the back of my PC.  I am glad that the item is working, however, it is quite fragile.  It slips out easily and requires constant use to keep it attached to the cable.  The cable that I bought was only about 5 feet long, so I had to bend it to get the connectors in.  You can see the bend in the picture below, but you will not get this result if you buy the long cable from Amazon.  My PC does not have any ethernet ports, so my only choice was to cut the cable at the point of the bend.  Amazon is selling the cable for $14.00, while Amazon's customer service agent told me the length of the cable was "not important" when making an order.  Either way, I will not buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm disappointed with the sound.  It's louder than my previous Pono, but the difference is not noticeable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  The screen is not responsive to touch.  If you have any use at all in playing with it, make sure to use a mouse and try to hit as hard as possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so disappointed in this product.  I have to buy a new one just to get rid of the scratches on it.  It is a great product for the price, but if you're not sure it will hold up you may want to look at something else.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. It works ok, but has one huge drawback.  It uses the "Q" cable to charge your car.  If you have an  electric car that requires batteries, this product is a huge waste.  I've spent more than $100 on this product and have never been able to charge my car. I will never use this again.  You can get a better electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little hard to connect to the internet at first.  Turned off the connection a little to find that it worked fine, but had to be constantly rebooted to get it to find the router 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item for my iPod and it does not work.  I will not purchase this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes a long time to turn on and then turns off, so I am back with an RMA!  It does not even turn on, it is not even powered.  It is very annoying! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad case for my iPod. It does not fit my iPod, and is too small.  I would not buy this case again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would like to like it, but the case is very small and does not protect the product. The cable does not stay attached, so the product becomes un-wirable when the cable is lost.The product works fine, but for the price, I expected better protection for my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item for my girlfriend to use with her TV. She did not use it. She is a high tech person and I would not use this item to use her TV! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  The item was in stock and received promptly.  No problems, but the next day they have all been shipped back.  Don't waste your money on this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed to receive this item.  I don't use this product anymore.  If you don't like to have your headphones plugged in and constantly checked to make sure they stay in, then this is the way to go.  Don't buy this item if you don' t want your headphones checked constantly!  I would stay away from these products, if possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and immediately realized that the software to use this card is very cumbersome to use. I have to download the software every time I want to use my card, which is a lot of hassle.The product itself is nice but it has to be updated every couple of months because it is so prone to freezing.  It was not recommended that I use this product over the Dell XPSM card because the XPS is more stable, especially in terms of freezing.The card is not compatible with any Windows version of Windows XP. The only way I could get it to work was by downloading the WinXP drivers, which took me a long time to find.The company does not seem to know what to do with this card. They told me they will not replace the card unless it stops freezing, which I do not believe.  I am now looking for a different card that will work with XP. I will be very careful with this one and do not buy any more from this company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this item in the mail and immediately thought I got a bad one. I opened it and it is not the case. It is not only very slow, but the sound is also distorted and the screen is very low quality. I am now looking for a replacement, but I am not going to spend $50 for a CD player that will not hold my CD in the case in the way it is supposed to hold it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not the greatest sound quality but for the price I paid I expected more.I will never buy from any manufacturer again.  The earphones are very thin and fragile.I have had to return 2 pairs of earphones in the past year because they started to fall apart and I had to go to the next model.The earphones don't even stay in your ear after being in your ears for a few minutes.  They must be designed poorly.  Don't buy this product if you don't need earphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the third time that I've had this problem with this product. I had two previous sets that worked, but the one in question now won't turn on at all.  The only thing that is working is a power button (which works better than nothing), but even that won't work unless I use a different cable to hook it up 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for about 1 month. It worked fine, but then the next month it started acting like it was broken.  I contacted Amazon customer service and they said it was a defect, so I returned it.  However, when I returned the item it came with a new product (a replacement) and now the same problem persists.  This product is a waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item thinking it would be an easy solution for me to use the Sony A1 for my home theater DVD player. It's not.  I would rather buy a CD player from Sony that works with my TV, but I can't afford to do that because the A1 is a total waste of money.  Don't waste your money, Sony! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries are not rated to hold more than 500 mA (that's the mA rating on the box), and I'm not sure how you can expect to use so much juice, let alone over a thousand mA.  It just doesn't hold a lot of juice, and they seem to come out of the charger a little sticky (I haven't tried to clean the pads or anything) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my laptop.  It was easy to install, but when I attempted to connect it to my home router, it wouldn't work.  The router was on the wireless, and the card was connected.  No dice!  I am not sure how this happened 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because the cable for my computer worked out of the box on the Apple TV.  Unfortunately it's broken now.  The cable is cheap.  If you need a new cable, I would recommend the one sold by Amazon instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item to use with a Samsung printer and it does not work.  The only reason I'm giving it 1 star instead of 5 is that it does come with a warranty.  If it was just a simple case, I would have given it 5 stars.  I've bought at least three cases that work fine and I am just wondering if there are other cases like this one that don't work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought for the wireless range and it does not work!  We had an LG Wireless Receiver and it worked fine.  We have since switched to an Amped Wireless Receiver.  This is not an LG product.  I would never buy a product that doesn't work unless you are confident that it is an LG model.  You might get lucky and get a good receiver, but you are certainly paying a high price for something that is not guaranteed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting it to be a decent replacement for my old Sony player.  I had it for a week and it is so far from being functional.  It's an MP3 player with an internal DVD drive, but it plays only the MP3's that come in the box.  There's no option to play music that doesn't come in that box, so it can't be used for a CD player. I don't want to waste my money on this item!  Don't waste your money on Sony's products!  They're not worth the money.  Buy a CD changer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a piece of junk. I bought it and after a week it just would not work. I would never buy something from Amazon if it was not going to work.  Amazon will not honor return. I was looking for an Amazon product that was more reliable and this is not it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product to record a TV show, and it worked OK for the first half hour or so, but then I started to get the buzzing.  The next day I bought a different brand, and the same thing happened.  I guess the buzz was caused by a bad capacitor or something else, but not this one.  Buyer beware, this product is a total nightmare.  It has to be replaced with a better brand because the product is junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a very cheap CD player but not worth it.  The CD player does not hold up to the demand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case was ok for my purposes, but when it came time to plug in the batteries, the batteries would not stay charged.  If you need batteries, buy a good battery case with more storage space 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is OK, but I do not like the fact that this product is shipped with a CD. I have an 8GB flash card, and the unit will only let me use 2.5GB, and then it will crash if I try to use the rest of the space. If you are looking for something to put your flash card into and have space to spare, don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not very useful. I could not find any information on the internet. The CD player works but the CD player is made of cheap plastic.  I got it to work by the first time and it did not stay in the case.  The case could be scratched or scratched the CD itself.  This is the second one of these cases that has broken 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the cable for my mp3 player. It broke the first day.  I would not buy this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player was okay, but was not in tune. I could not record anything, because the needle kept skipping. I returned it and I'm still looking for a better CD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not working at first, i returned it and the seller refunded me.  now i have the same problem, no answer from seller.  I contacted customer support and am waiting for a reply 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work on my home network.  It does not appear to have any kind of firmware upgrade support.  I am now out of luck with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very expensive and heavy card. I am not sure if it is the size or the power. I have only ever used this card for a small electronic device and that has not worked.  It does work with Windows XP and Vista but not Windows 7.  The card is very difficult to use and the case is very bulky 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work well. The product is very bulky and hard to use. The buttons are very difficult to press.  The headphones do not fit well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this product for 6 months now.  I am very disappointed in the design.  The sound quality is not that great.  It is loud enough, but is not very clear.  Overall the product is a disappointment.  If you have to use this product, please look for something that does not use the same connector as the one that is included with the product.  Otherwise, the product could be a good purchase if you only have to listen to the radio for a few seconds. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bit of a shame, but still a great product!  Only problem is, I have a bad antenna for my HDTV.  My HDTV is in the living room and not in the bedroom, so this product is useless.  I will not buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable is fine.  It just doesn't make an effective connection.  I'd rate this as a 3 out of 10.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work out of the box for my Samsung S3.  I returned it to Amazon and they fixed it for me.  But not a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it works fine until my laptop starts making funny noises, at which point it starts making a lot of random noises.  I was able to turn the computer off by closing the lid, and it worked fine when I left it on.  If you have a laptop with an internal battery, this may be a better option.  It has an internal fan that kicks in when you turn the laptop on, which is nice.  But it is very loud and not cool to keep on when you are using your laptop.  The only reason I didn't return it was because I didnot have any other laptop that needed a battery to be plugged in when the computer was on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because my HP Pavilion laptop had an old laptop-style card reader that required a different kind of card than the one on my previous laptop.  I was hoping to save a little bit of money on my HP purchase, so I ordered the new HP card reader with the old card reader included in the price.  This card reader has a small red light and a black stripe down the left side.  These two things are not needed, especially in an office environment, since I don't need to have any card information on me to use my HP's card reader, but neither one of them are included in HP's product description 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was nice to have the option to get the SD card out to make the transfer, but it turns out to be a little too bulky and bulky and you will not be able to get it out.  The card will be lost, so make sure you get it from Amazon first 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the price was right, and my first attempt at getting it to work was a flop.  Don't buy this.  I've now gotten it to function and the product is so unreliable that I now give up on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product on January 19th and received it in about two weeks.  It works fine for the first few months.  Then I find it loses power, sometimes for a few hours, and then it will go on a power cycle for hours.  Not to mention that the product is very fragile, can easily be damaged, and the USB connector itself is not user-friendly.  I don't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this product.  I used it twice, both times with a 4GB flash drive.  Both times the drive stopped working.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my wife and she was very disappointed with it.  It is a very basic card and it doesn't hold the memory like it's supposed to.  There are other memory cards out there that hold memory like this.  We've bought and returned others, but this one just isn't worth the hassle and it does not hold up 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After only a week of use I have had problems with my Dell Optiple USB drive.The first problem was that my drive had stopped writing to it.The second problem was when I went to write a negative positive review about an electronic device - the drive is not even usable.The drive still has a lot of writing capacity but it is not usable. I had to return the drive and I have not received any kind of compensation from Dell 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to use on a Sony player, but they won't fit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones don't fit at all.  I'm a big guy, and I like the sound, but I had to buy another pair 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item and it arrived yesterday.  I just now got my card in and the unit is not working.  The instructions are for an old version of a card.  Please do not order this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this, buy a cheaper, more efficient item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards don't work at all. They just don't play all of my CD's. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised. The sound is terrible.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earphones are very small and have no power, sound is very weak, and the earphone clips are very hard to use. I will never buy these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure if this is a common issue with Sony products, but the sound quality is far from acceptable.  Not even remotely comparable to the speakers in my HD DVD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These sound terrible. I had to return them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is so unreliable, I bought a different card.  I think I will return this product to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself was fine for a cheap price, but after a while the CD's started to fade. They still play fine, but they also don't hold a high volume and don't stay on the track.  I'm still hoping the next generation will be better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item and the first time it worked for 2 hours. The next day it stopped working.  I returned it and tried to return it in the same box as I originally purchased. It still worked for about an hour.  It's really a waste of money to purchase this product when you can get a better electronic device like this one for less than half the price.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for about 2 years. It is not an improvement. I use a Sony product and it works better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because my old one died and i thought i could upgrade my computer without spending alot of money.  This is NOT an upgrade!  I got it because i needed to buy something new (i had some kind of accident that damaged it).  If you want to upgrade your mouse from a mechanical device to something electronic, do it.  If this mouse is not an upgrade, do not buy this mouse.  Don't waste your money on a mouse with an LCD screen.  You will not like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item as a replacement for a cheap Sennheiser PX100.  The sound is fine.  It works fine when played at full volume.  However, it does not accept USB connection, so you cannot use it with your MP3 player.  A $40 replacement would be better.  Sennhieger is a better manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is very difficult to use. It is difficult to get the CD to eject from the player and it takes some time to eject it. It works fine for the first few hours or so, but then you will have to put it away. You will get no help from any of the customer service representatives at this electronic device's maker or its distributors. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product to replace my old "A/V" that died in 4 days! It is not a good product.The sound is very weak and not worth the price tag. I am not sure if it is an internal problem with the card, but I will not purchase from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a nice product.  However, the product is very fragile.  The buttons break very easily.  It is not easy to use the product with your fingers.  I will return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A very basic product, not worth the money, not a great product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use with her laptop, but we never use it, so I'm giving it a bad review.  The sound is weak, and the cable is very cheap!  I will not buy another cheap cable for my laptop! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my daughter who had recently had a problem with a flash card. She had to go to a local store to get it replaced because the card kept failing.  The card did not work properly.  I am sure this is a warranty issue, but I will not pay the $5.00 for a replacement. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this CD player in September 2005. It has been a constant struggle to get it to play. I have had to do everything from disconnect the batteries, to changing the channel, to unplugging the power cord. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was extremely disappointed when I returned my Dell XPS M2450 to Best Buy to have them replace it with a new one.  The screen was broken.  I had to return it and buy a new Dell X2460 for the same price!  I am not sure what else to say.  It is not worth it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping for better performance from my iPod mini, but I will not buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is a piece of junk.  It does not hold a battery, does not charge, and the microphone is horrible.  I am returning this item.  A lot of people were happy with this product but you get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and it worked ok for a few weeks.  It then started acting up and it died within 2 months.  So the warranty is expired.  I wish I'd seen the reviews that the one review of mine works for several months and then dies.  The card was returned to me and it's in a trash can right now!  So I'm just not sure if I want to keep it or not 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card as a replacement for my HP laptop.  I was surprised to see that the card was not supported in Windows XP.  My card was installed on Windows XP (Win XP) anyway.  HP offers an upgraded card that works with XP (Windows Vista) but I did not like this card at all.  The card was very flaky and it was not usable at all until I installed Vista on it.  So, HP should not be so rude as to not support their products on Vista unless there are major problems with the cards themselves 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing works but it is very slow and not worth the $200 bucks.  It is not even worth buying the plastic case.  I would never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife to play the DVD. It is a little slow to get through the DVDs, so I purchased another player. This one is no better. It works fine for playing the DVD but not so much for playing Blu-ray. I recommend buying a player that will actually get the job done. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use my mp3 player and to have a compact CD player in the car.  I did not like the sound.  It is not compact enough for that.  For my car, I would need something that is more compact.  If I had to buy this CD player again, I will return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless.  It has a bad battery and poor battery life.  I had a Panasonic NP-JE400 and it worked fine.  What's the problem with the Panasonic?  The batteries in this unit are cheap and can't be recharged for an extended period of time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very expensive electronic device.  The unit is very slow.  I used it on an HP Pavilion PC.  It took 5 minutes to load the CD to begin playing.  Would I recommend this product to anyone?  Not really 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a few of these units and they have been a total nightmare. I would rate them 5 stars if I could.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not used this product yet. I bought it at Amazon.com and received it quickly. It was not delivered to me until today. I will be returning it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product. I had to return mine.  I bought this one to use for an MP3 player because I had a Toshiba CD player and it needed a sound card.  This card was junk.  Don´t waste your time with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is so far below expectation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to buy another one to use on my new PC, as the other one had died after a couple of months, and I needed a new mouse (at least that's what I had hoped for, as I had a mouse on my old laptop). The new mouse has the same problem that the previous mouse had.  It doesn't work.  The software does not help, so I have to resort to the manual (which is a pain to find, as it is in the "Help" section of the mouse's user manual).  You have to do this manually, every time you want to use it.  You can do it, though, by changing the settings in the software.  Don't do it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product because it was advertised as being easy to install.  I got the product and tried to install the CD player in my car.  It worked, but it wouldn't fit into the space.  What a waste of money!  I can't imagine a CD player having more than a couple of hours worth of playing time! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works as described, but it has a very weak audio signal.  The sound is not that great, especially when the TV is at a low volume.  Not sure why they sent me a defective product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work out of the box, I had to do some troubleshooting.The product itself is a piece of junk, it does not fit the motherboard, I am out of luck and I am not going to buy another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was received in a few days after I ordered. The first thing I noticed is the power supply does not fit in my laptop.  There is a power switch and no power supply at all.  The power switch is made of a plastic that slides on and off the AC connector.  It does not allow me to change the power to AC.  This product does not meet the specification I have listed below 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not had any problems with this card.  But, this is the only one I can find that is not a "regular" (not the same brand of card) that is capable of making full HD video.  If you have an "older" card (not as old as mine) you may not be able to get HD video, but the difference between HD and 720P is pretty small.  The card is very flimsy, has very little power, and is really annoying to keep in place.  I was hoping for something better, but this card is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was a little bit slow and I didn't really use it as I wanted to.  I'll just return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to play an MP3 player that has the player's own wireless transmitter that is in my room and also has my phone number on it.  I wanted to connect my headphones and speakers as well as my iPod to this transmitter.  Unfortunately, the player has the same problem as the other player's.  It has an FM transmitter that can only talk to the player, and that transmitter can't find my iPod, which is on the same network as the player.  So, it can only communicate with the FM transmitter, which can't get the iPod to talk to it.... Not sure what the problem is 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to get some CD's in my car.  After installing, I have had a few problems.  The discs were not inserted correctly, and I had to go back to the dealer to have it fixed.  I will return the unit, as I am not happy with it.  It seems to be made of cheap plastic. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product has the ability to record on the first CD (that's right, it is only able to record 1 cd, which is the maximum amount of songs on the CD), but not the ability (that is, you can play your CD on the computer while listening to the record, so you need to leave the computer running while you use the product) to actually playback on the second CD.  I returned it and bought a different model which has a USB port that allows playback, not the CD-to-CD port.  Overall, this product is a poor electronic device.  Don't buy this product, unless you have a very small computer that can only play a CD in 1 cd. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it was a good deal. I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing just doesnt hold up, the only positive review I have is the software that comes with it is cool.  But its a waste of money if you don't really need it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was very poorly made. the antenna was very flimsy. the product was not even worth trying to return. i will not be buying from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the first one I bought was defective. the first time it started up, the mouse was completely unusable. i had to return it and buy a new one. i'll never buy from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does work, but the remote is very difficult to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to buy this item because of the low price.  I was not very impressed with the sound quality, as it was not worth the extra money for a more accurate sound.  It is a nice idea, but not worth it for the extra cost 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my daughter who needed a case for her laptop.  They do not fit!  They have to be cut into a different shape.  There are a couple of other brands that fit.  I returned them.  Don't waste your money on these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst wireless card I have ever purchased. I have had to return it to Amazon as it is now unusable. I had to leave it on my laptop for over an hour to get it to work. The sound is barely acceptable and the range is very limited. The only thing that works is the second wireless card, which is a Sony PDA card.The PDA doesn't like it at all and won't even connect to the card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son who is in his first year of college and was thinking that he could use it for his PC.  But it doesn't work.  I've tried different drivers and have to reinstall them and reboot.  It is impossible to use your mouse in any program on it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not great.  The only positive thing is the product itself is very well made.  I would buy another product if it was more affordable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was junk. it has a bad memory card, no support. the other thing that is a big problem is that you can't see the actual memory card in the case. its an internal card that is not connected to the computer. I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to use with a Sony product.  It did not fit the Sony product, however.  Sony has to fix it for me.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product from Amazon.com, but after receiving it, I realize it is not a good product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought these speakers at a good price and thought they were great.  The speakers worked fine for a while and then started to go out.  I called the manufacturer to see what they could do and they offered a warranty for free.  Well, the warranty is a little more than I expected.  However, if I can't get it fixed within the warranty period (3 months) I'll return the speakers and they will be replaced.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for a few days but then stopped. I will return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the unit arrived very quickly (I have had this item for over 2 months), but after a while I could no longer hear the sound, and had to send it back.  I will not be purchasing again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After the first few weeks of use the product had begun to die.  We called Amazon and they told us that we needed to send the product back.  Not a good electronic device.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was ok but not great.  I have tried other products with the same results.  It took some time to get it working again.  The picture quality is ok but it's not the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am using a wireless mouse to control my desktop, and this mouse does not work in Windows Vista.  It's not really a mouse, but a mouse that connects to the wireless network.  I tried to switch it to an RF mouse, which works fine, but it is not wireless, it's not an RF connection.  If you want a mouse to be wireless, buy the Logitech MX518, which is a wireless keyboard that is wireless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came very quickly and worked fine for a few months.  The speakers have since been damaged, and now the product is lost.  I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit did not fit my iPod Mini.  It was snug, but not snug enough to hold the iPod Mini comfortably.  I will not buy from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cables are cheap. I bought them for a Christmas gift and they did not last a full year! They are also very flimsy. I had to return them because the packaging fell apart 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for years, and it finally failed.  The thing works fine, but the sound quality is terrible.  I don't care for this product.  What was the problem?  Maybe a bad power supply.  Maybe the case needs to be more sturdy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the iPod Touch (3G) for my wife and she loves it.  However, she is very finicky about keeping her iPod in its case.  This case keeps falling off the iPod and the case does not protect the iPod at all.  The case is very small and the buttons are very difficult to use.  I am currently out of case because I could not figure out how to put it back in.  It is very disappointing because it is a great electronic device.  If you are looking for a case, don't buy this one.  You will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is very inexpensive and very easy to install but I think the case is too big. I am installing on a Dell Inspiron 9700 and the bottom area is much smaller than it should be, the case just does not fit, even if I had the case at the proper height 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the Panasonic brand and the remote control works fine, but the sound is a bit too much for my home theater.  It sounds more like a boom box with a mic, not a radio.  I had to go in the other direction and buy an inexpensive radio from Amazon.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card in May 2006.  I've been using it on my home network for about 6 months now and it has started leaking.  If it works it's a great card but I'm sure you can see the difference in this picture.  It's a shame because the price was great and the service is good.  Just go for something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After getting a warranty card and working with the product for almost a month now, I decided to send it back. I have never had an item malfunction before so I figured I might be able to get it back to normal. I was wrong. I sent it back and I've had the same problem twice.  The problem was that I can't use my PC while it is being used to play MP3, and the PC has to be off the case when the headphones are plugged in and then put on again. I've tried a different case (with the same problems) but it still wouldn't work. I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not expecting this product.  I have used this product before and it works fine, but it does not have a removable cover that would protect it from accidental drops.  This product is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the only thing I would recommend is to get a bigger player, this one is pretty small and not very functional, I had to use it as a DVD player as it did not have an IR port 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards work ok for a few months then they start dying.  I have 2 of them and they have not worked for months.  They last a few hours at best and then they die.  Don't waste your money on this card! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these in a hurry to replace my old Sennheiser headphones. They work, but I was disappointed to find they do not have the ability to charge my iPod. I will be returning them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work in my DVD player.  I tried a few different models to see if this would be a problem.  None of them worked and I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the package with my monitor and it came in very quickly and I thought it would be OK. I got it set up, and then the very first thing it did was the LCD screen just kept going black. I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this card and it works fine for playing my DVD but I could not get it to work with my digital camera.  I've spent several hours trying to get it work.  It doesn't work on my Windows Vista system and I can't get it working with any of the other products I've tried.  The only thing it does that works is that it works with my DVD.  But that is not the only thing that does not work with it.  If I had any confidence in this product I would have had a better electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound quality is pretty low, and the sound is not clear at all, even on my cheap mp3 player.  the antenna is made of cheap plastic, so it won't be long before I have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these and installed them. I was very disappointed with them. They did not hold the memory in place and did not fit the camera well. The product could not hold up to the amount of weight I put on it. The battery was also not very efficient. I have to be careful when I use these to take pictures because if I drop them on the floor they will come out. I wish I had known better before I bought these. I will return them to Amazon for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is very poor, I can hear my wife talking over the speakers and the sound becomes blurry, I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit and had to return it. It did not work right out of the box.  I had to reinstall it, which is not a problem.  The unit was useless.  You have to be very careful when installing this product.  If you do not use a software program to setup your PC, you will have to reinstalling it from scratch.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this product for almost 2 years. I can say this product is NOT reliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first one was ok.  But it would randomly stop working.  I would not buy this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone has a really ugly feel to it, even compared to the other phones I have in the same price range.  I have used it for over an hour before I decided it would not fit my need.  The buttons are a little too small to be able to use to dial up or dial down.  There is a tiny hole in the front where the buttons should be.  Other than that, I can't give it a negative rating.  It does have a small but annoying scratch on the backside of the case that was caused by a small chip.  For some reason the buttons don't get pressed quite as hard as the others do.  Don't buy it if you plan to use it for extended periods.  If you do use it, use a different phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was really surprised when my receiver started to malfunction and fail.  I used the manual to remove the memory card and it is really hard to remove!  The memory card holder would get stuck inside of the receiver when trying to remove it.  Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a little bit annoying.  You can't plug in the power supply without it being detected by the system.  The only other thing is that the unit is very heavy, so you might be better just using the cable to power the computer.  But still, not worth the extra weight.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After two weeks of usage, the antenna is gone! What a waste! I bought this antenna thinking it was a good value, because it was inexpensive, and it's only broken now.  I don't have any plans to get it repaired.  Not sure if the other reviews are correct or not, but I'll buy another one with better reception.  It may have been defective or it could have been too warm 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's PC. The first thing that happened was it wasnt work.  I tried resetting it. it had to be uninstalled and reinstalled. then it worked.  The next thing it did was it stopped working.  It was only for a couple of seconds 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a very flimsy case. The plastic is not the best. It does not protect the unit or the microphone well. I returned it for the case that came with it. It's just too much for a case that is intended to protect your mp3 player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the unit yesterday.  It did not work out of the box.  The unit is very easy to use and it does the job.  But it's not fast.  My problem is that it is very heavy.  I am trying to get it to last longer.  If it will last longer, I'll send it back.  Don't buy from Amazon because they are usually out of stock and do not offer a return service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for about two months now and have not been able to get it to work.  The product is junk and does not work.I will never buy a Dell product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm sorry to say that the product was not good.  The product is made of plastic which is not very flexible and it does not fit my Sony product.  I had to return it for a refund.  Sony product is a great electronic device, however it is a bit expensive for the money that you paid. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description is accurate.  However, the product is NOT fit for purpose.  I ordered it and received it in 2 days.  The cable that was included was broken!  I called Amazon and they told me the product had been returned to them and they were in the process of sending it back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use in my iPod.  The only problem is it's a pain to use the buttons, the player does not have the capacity to record anything on it.  This player is made of very cheap plastic.  I am disappointed in the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was ok, but when I got it, I had to send it back.  I would say that it is a very expensive product.  If you want a good electronic device, buy a Canon electronic device from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in December 2009.  It worked fine for one year.  The next year I had to return it because it would not work.  I am now contemplating returning it and paying for another product that works better.  My advice: don't buy this product.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit has not been working since I received it. I do not understand why I should have to send it back to the seller.  I am sure this is a problem with the software but it does not work with Windows Media Player.  The instructions to use the unit with Windows are very vague and there is no clear explanation as to why it would not work in the first place 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works ok.  The problem is that the product does not support powerline (i.e. the line of the CD is in the CD slot) - so you must put it in the slot with the powerline or it won't play.  So beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is fine, but it is noisy and very un-satisfactory to use.  You can hear the background noise but the speakers will still not sound quite right 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for a while now and the only problem I've experienced is the battery life.  If you don't use this product, the battery will run out of juice in less than a week, regardless of the amount of music or video playback you do.  The battery is extremely fragile, but if you're not careful, it will break.  I was lucky to find a new battery, but you can't use it without it.  There is a "replacement" item that is better than the one you got, but it's not as good as the one that you got.  Don't buy this product unless you're willing to pay for it.I don't think you can get any more basic product than this one.  It's a waste of money if you want to watch a movie or listen to some music, as there are better products available.  You can buy a better product for about $5.00, so why would you buy this one?  I suggest you get a cheap battery to make your life easier 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is ok, but not worth the money.  The sound is a bit tinny.  My speakers are a little bit louder than the ones I use on the back.  It is also a little difficult to hook up and use, but once you do, the sound is not worth having to use the product over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable worked okay until it broke. It kept breaking. The other side had a very weak connection. Not worth the hassle 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed a case to carry my iPod on.  I was disappointed in the case.  It's not sturdy enough to protect the iPod.  If you use this case, I recommend you use the iPod's case. The case is not as protective as the iPod case. This case is a little too small to protect your iPod. I would not recommend this case unless you plan to use it for your iPod! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an inexpensive electronic device but it's not a very good product. The buttons don't click right.  The buttons work only if you push in and down 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony Vaio PVD-300 and it is a great product.  I bought it as I had some CD player equipment that was damaged, and it has worked for me for many months now.  It was a great purchase.  Then they decided to introduce a cheaper CD player in the same series.  They changed the specifications to make the player work with this cheaper model.  So I had to return it and buy a different Sony product. It worked fine for a while, then it stopped playing my music.  The software they provided was for the older player.  A lot of times you can see when a player has trouble with software, so it is easy to replace it.  What happened here is that Sony didn't check this product for a long time before it was released.  If you get a CD player from Sony, don't buy this one.  This is an embarrassment, especially for Sony who makes such great products.  You would expect a Sony to do a little better than this when there is an easier option for consumers.  Don't waste your money, get a Sony CD player that works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not very strong and the volume is a little low.  It does the job but not as good as the A8's.  I have used it for two months now and it is now very low in volume.  Don't buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and it worked for a couple weeks. I bought it because I needed a way to transfer pictures from my printer to my digital camera, but then the card stopped working. I emailed Amazon customer support and they told me it was a "bug". Amazon was very helpful with a "software update" to fix it, but the card didn't work anymore. Amazon's customer service is horrible. I am now using a Canon MP-E4. I would never buy Amazon again if I could afford to do so. The Canon MP is great, but it has a better warranty than this card, and the Canon customer service team is excellent. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a huge disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because the other one was defective.  I needed a CD changer that could play MP3s on my mp3 player.  It played only a few tracks at a time.  They were cheap and not worth the money.  Now I will probably get something else.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok, but it is very expensive.  I would buy the cheaper Panasonic item for a smaller item like this one.  Not worth the extra expense 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a trip to California and I needed to be able to plug in a phone in the car and use the speaker and headphones at the same time. It didn't work. I was told it was a power supply problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT reliable. I have had 2 failures within a month. One time the battery would not hold a charge. Another time the product would not work. I am VERY disappointed with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a little hard to see and adjust the buttons, and it does not work very well with the mouse, so I will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a beginner in computer technology and needed to purchase a new CD player with an SD card reader. I looked at several brands of CD players and this one was by far the cheapest at the time. The only problem was the sound was very weak.  I got the "D" model. I thought the D model was better.  It is not.  So, if you need to use a new player, get a D model.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes too long to load the disc.  It is useless, if you don't want to carry a disk around.  I got one, tried it and lost it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for about a year and it is absolutely terrible.  It is way too much for the money and has never worked correctly.  If you use it at all you will never get a good reception.  I have tried all kinds of adapters and it still does not work.  Buyer beware. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking it was going to work great, but I am so disappointed with this product.  The unit will not hold a full charge, even for several hours.  It seems that this is the reason that they have stopped offering this product, because it is not reliable enough to last longer than a few hours at a time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These monitors don't work well, they are very expensive and they don't look as good as the others.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product hoping for it to work and it did not.  The picture is not that great and the sound is pretty crappy.  I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been buying this product and they don't work. I get all of my games from a flash drive, not from this product.  I really don't know how this can be. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After using my wife's HP Elite Laser Printer for the past 2 weeks it has begun to malfunction.  I have to use my HP printer at the bottom of the rack for it to work.  It has to be used in the same position as my HP is and the ink cartridge has to get out of the printer and be replaced!  I am now looking at buying a cheaper printer! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not work with any wireless router that I've tried.  If you want to connect a wireless router to your computer via a USB device, use a wireless card instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver does not have a remote, it does not function, it is very difficult to use.  The instructions are not very clear, the instructions for changing channels are not clear.  I am afraid to do it.  It was not until I bought another one that I got it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is not even worth the money. I tried several different brands of discs (CD-R, CD-RW, etc.), none of them worked. I returned it because it would not play my favorite CD player disc, and because it was way too slow to use.  I bought this to replace a cheap one that I had a few months ago that worked. The difference is that this CD player does not even hold a CD, just a disc tray. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and was not happy. I did not realize that the software on the card is only for the Panasonic camera. It does not allow you to save your images. The software is extremely slow and buggy. It takes forever to save my shots. I could not even open my image to look at it. If I want to save a shot I have to copy it from the card to my computer which is cumbersome and slow. I'm sure I'm not the only one with this problem. I've returned the card and I will never buy Panasonic again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am an Amazon Prime customer.  I ordered this item yesterday and received it on Friday.  It is a bit rough, but I do not know if that is the issue.  The picture is very weak, and I do NOT like the price.  Amazon's Prime customer service is not very good.  They could have better pictures and better customer service, if Amazon was a real company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these and they did not work. They would only play mp3 files. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the 2GB memory stick and was disappointed when I received the 8GB stick and it has not worked out of the box.  The memory stick itself is junk.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  The only reason I bought it was because it was a small price tag.  After one week of use it is gone.  I will not be buying anything else from Amazon because they have been horrible in the past.  They do not support return options.  Amazon has a horrible return policy.  It is not possible to exchange for a new item or refund if you return it in a bad condition.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because my HP ZS5200 is in a bit of a hurry and I didn't want to wait for it to ship.  But I would say if you are looking for a very fast, small, cheap device for your printer, this is the wrong choice.  The only thing that makes this printer unusable is that the power button is far too difficult to push.  If you push it hard enough you will burn your fingers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not pleased with this product. I had to return it. I am a high tech consumer and the product did not work with my network. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works ok for the price, but not that great. The product itself is small, but it has a very noticeable and annoying "latch" that makes it difficult to open it up and close it. This is especially true with the lid on the back side. I am very disappointed because I bought this as a gift for my wife, and she loves this item. I'll probably replace this one with a slightly larger one that has a more solid latch that allows for easier opening and closing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the product in-store and it arrived promptly in the mail.  However, when I first booted the machine, I could not get the BIOS to boot.  I then called Sony support and they sent me a new machine which worked but did not have the "TKL" option.  The "T" is for TPM, the "L" is to lock the memory.  There is a problem with that, as the memory is locked in the TPM which is not part of the TKL.  It is supposed to be a "hard" key to unlock the memory to be able to boot the machine up, not a "soft" key like the "S" key on a Macintosh.  If you want the T and the L, buy the original Sony! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this product twice, and it's not good.  It's very loud, but it has no control at all.  I have to wait a couple of seconds before it starts playing music, and then I have it playing the same song over and over again.  The software is confusing and the interface is very difficult to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is very easy to install and to use. However, it is very flimsy and I cannot get it to function at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased this card, and it was sooooo slow.  I got to the point where I had to turn my TV on manually to see the difference between it and the others.  The picture is OK, but you will get a LOT more noise on any TV than you will with this card.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product.  Don't waste your money!  If you have a DVD player and need to transfer your movies over to a newer player, I would suggest a different player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed a DVD player to record my VHS recordings.  I was very disappointed to find that the player is defective and does not record video and does have a lot of problems with the video quality.  If you buy this player, be very careful about what you buy.  The player was junk and should never have been purchased 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is great, but the sound is very poor, even on the lowest setting.  The speakers have a weak tone.  They are not clear enough to listen to music or talk on the phone.  I can't get any sound out of it, unless I use headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a piece of junk.  There is a reason why I didn't give it a bad review.  I have a Sony digital camera and it uses the Epson printer.  You can get a great deal cheaper than this printer if you don't want to use Epson.  If you use Epsons I will say this product was an absolute waste of money.  It is so low quality that it does not work well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not satisfied with this product.  The antenna does not hold the signal well.  I tried 5 different ones on my home network.  Some gave me clear signals while others had weak signal.  It was not an easy purchase for me to return this item.  Don't waste your money on this item unless you know you will be happy with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a replacement from Amazon but it was not as I expected.  I ordered this because I liked the case and the sound quality.  After one month of use it was clear that the speakers weren't working right and I had to return them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work well with the SONY camera. I returned the camera with the unit and was very disappointed.  I have the Canon PIXMA SP, and the camera works great.  The Sony product is so far out of the norm 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so disappointed with this product.  The volume is ok but the software to control the volume is a total nightmare.  You have to use the manual to adjust the volume.  I will never buy this product again.  There are many more choices out there to be had 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first day I received my new laptop, it started acting up. The CD player kept skipping the beginning of my songs. I emailed HP support, and they responded to me that I could return the product and get a new one. I figured I was out of luck after that.  I returned the product on Monday and still got a new CD player, but the one I bought was defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is terrible!  It doesn't work well at all, I couldn't even get it to connect to my router.  Don't waste your money, it is worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works for the first 10 minutes then the sound drops off. It seems to be a problem with the card itself, which is the card is the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is ok, but the software that comes with it is completely broken. it takes forever to set it up and there is no way to uninstall it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this adapter to have an extra player on my home stereo.  This product works great for an analog player.  It is very limited with regards to using it with the digital component of my player.It does not work with the CD/CD-RW player that came with my player, even though I have the CD-RW/DVD player in the same room.  There is no way to switch between playing CD's and playing DVD's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a problem that I cannot fix and can only return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD player does not work on my HP laptop.  I do not know if it is a software problem or the CD player itself.  The player does have a power button, but the buttons are not accessible from the keyboard.  If you are trying to use the player, I recommend you use the DVD player instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this and when I got it I found that the USB ports did not fit properly.  I had to return the unit and got a new one that did fit.  However, the sound quality was not very good.  The sound was also not very loud.  If you are looking for a good soundcard with very small price tag, this is probably not the card for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not have a power supply or any option for a switch, the user needs to use the built-in volume buttons on the phone itself.  You can't change volume when the phone is in the earphone mode, and there is no way to turn off the volume when you are listening to music 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a little expensive, but it is not the product.  The item I bought did not work as it was supposed to.  I would recommend a different item, such as the item I received, or one with better support. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is worthless. i would like to give it to my son who loves his mp3 player, but it does not fit into the case. i do not know why. it is the only thing i bought from hh. i have spent $100 and i will never buy from hht again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this item. It was too small and not able to hold it's weight.  It broke immediately after one use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in the process of installing the product and i am now thinking of returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst card I've seen. I have had it for a while, and it still doesnt work.  It will not even turn on and start up, which is very annoying.  I am a huge fan of the Dell card, so I am hoping Dell will see this card is a problem and fix it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for a while but then broke.  If you use the same dvd to record and transfer multiple movies on your home computer and need to do the transfer and burning process simultaneously.this product is useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is not the size I needed. The foam was a little too big. I had to use the case to hold the screen.  If you want to use this case, you'll have to find some way to hold it to the screen instead of just placing it on the screen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed something to keep my ipod from falling asleep while surfing.  Unfortunately, it is not very effective, since I can only record a few songs at a time.  If I want to record more than one song, I have to put the ipod on and then switch the volume on the ipods, then put it down.  Not only is this not very easy, but it is also very inconvenient.  The only reason I would return it is because it is a gift (you can't return electronic device gifts without it being a gift).  The rest of the time I would buy something else from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable and after installation, the connection to the TV was weak.  I would not recommend this product to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is the worst I have ever bought. I will never buy any Samsung product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a complete waste of time. I've used it for 5 months now. I purchased it for my 2 yr old son and he has already destroyed it.  I do not recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These speakers were great for the price but the speakers did not last. They do sound great however. The problem was that they would be so loud and then would just cut out and then the speakers would stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is defective.  it will not play any MP3, MP3A, or MP4 files that are encoded to mp3 or mp3A format.  the product description states that it is capable of playing MP3 format files, but the product does not have the ability to play mp3 format audio files.  i bought this product thinking that it would be able to play my mp3's encoded to this format.it is very disappointing to me to have to return a defective item.i have purchased other products from Amazon that are more reliable and performed as advertised.  I will not purchase from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to try and get my mp3 player to play songs that were stored on my DVD player.  The problem is, it is very unreliable.  Everytime I try to play a song, it stops and I have to restart it.  It plays a few songs but then starts playing again.  Very frustrating to use.  I am not going to buy anything from this company anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is NOT a good sound card.  I've been using them for over a year now and they are still making horrible sounds.  the worst thing is when I have to use them for music.  sound is so weak that I can't even play them.  you get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit works fine for my TV, but it does not transfer video to my PC.  This is not a major problem because I do not have that many PCs.  I will be returning this unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money! If your phone doesn't work you will need to exchange it for a better one.  It works fine for my 10$ but then the next day it's broken and it will be even harder to find a good replacement if I have to do it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was fine, but the remote control was not functional.  The problem is that the remote has to be pressed on the left side to navigate the screen.  I have not been able to get it to work since the release date 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  It will only play mp3s but not play other audio formats.  I have to return it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as a replacement for my Canon E-5 camera that had an auto eject button, which broke after only a few weeks of use. It worked for a short time, but then stopped functioning. I returned it to Amazon and they were kind enough to refund me the $25. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these and have never been able to get them to work with my laptop.  I had to take them apart and remove them from the computer.  The sound quality is terrible.  You can't get a good sound out of them.  Don't waste your money on these, they are useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card and after the first week, I was told that it would only be compatible with a Mac mini.  I thought it was a joke at first, but I had to return it.  The card still works on a mac, but it is not as functional as it was before 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was terrible, and I had to return it.  I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am new to this printer.  The printer worked for a little while and then died.  I called UPS and got their help.  They sent me a new one, but not the same printer, which is a shame because I am very satisfied with the other one.  You can't really complain when you buy a bad printer, so I won't say it's defective.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is OK but is a bit too large for a 10 pin card.  I am sure there are better cards out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok, but not worth the price.  I was hoping for better quality, but I will not buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a low quality card, but I needed it to get my DVD player to play the Blu-Ray discs I bought.  I am a diehard player and would never do business with a cheap card that is so low quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is ok, but I wish it worked better.  I would rate it as average if not above average, but is very unreliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product works well until the battery dies.  the problem is that the batteries take forever to get rid of the "spark".  don't bother with this product unless you want to get a few battery replacements.  don�t expect the battery to last more than a couple of months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm in love with the Sony DLX-C300 but this little device is unusable.  The screen just won't go away after the first few hours.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I noticed was that the volume button was stuck. It wouldn't budge.  The next thing I did was to go to the store and purchase the volume up/down buttons, and they had to be sent back to me.  I don't like having to return something I didn't purchase, so I am very disappointed.  If you don't use it much, I think you'll be fine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is terrible.  Don't buy it!  I would recommend buying something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not the best phone in the world.  I'm not sure why I bought it.  The phone had a scratch on the front, and when I took it out of the box it fell apart.  It is really annoying when you have to call and wait for it to respond.  You don't get the call back, so you have wasted your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself is fine, but the connection to the TV is not a smooth one, as the product does not have a manual on it, as it is soldered.  I would recommend against this product as it does not offer the best price-to-performance ratio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is useless. The only reason I bought it was because I thought it would be easier to install than the cards that came with my TV.  But the installation is a pain and the card does not work properly.  I have spent over $150 on cards before and this is the worst one I've seen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for over a year.  This thing is slow.  I had to return mine because it was making me slow down in the process of installing it.  The picture was fine, but the sound quality was horrible.  A few times I have had to stop the software on my Mac because it kept pausing and pausing again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is really slow and I have to go through many reboots just to get the same picture I was getting before.  I've tried the latest software and no improvement, so I've returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a first time user and have to admit this card works as it's supposed to.  However, there is a problem that is not listed in the user's manual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit has been very unreliable and is not worth the price.  It would randomly stop working.  I am going to return it for a refund.  Please do not use this unit.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these headphones because the earbuds weren't working with my iPod. They worked for a week or so, but then they stopped working and I couldn't get them to get any closer to my iPod's jack.  If the earphones work for you, great. If not, don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Canon M965 printer a few weeks ago.  The print quality is not that great, and the printer is very slow.  I tried several fixes, and none of them worked.  Still trying to get it working.  Will not buy again from Canon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm very disappointed with this product, and not even in the least because of the cost.  The product is a huge disappointment in that it is way too difficult to use with an SD card.  It is not a small card, but it has to be inserted carefully and at least 3/4 full to function.  I have had it work in the beginning, but then it simply stopped working, because the software has a limit that will not allow you to put in more than the actual number of cards you have.  If I wanted to use an SD with the product, I'd have to buy a card that was bigger, and then insert the product each time.  There is no software that I can use to help you do that, as is the case with the iPod Classic, and there is no manual that you can use either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I can say that I don't like is that the batteries aren't removable.  You can't simply pop the batteries out of the unit to replace them if you run out of juice.  I have used the batteries to make small electronic devices that didn't use the same amount of juice as the unit.  It also doesn't work with AC adapters 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little disappointing that the sound output is only 16 bit.  What is 16 bit? 16 bits can only be produced by an amplifier with more than 1W output power 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for almost a year and have had no problems.   The software works fine, but the sound quality is quite poor.  I use an iPod and I'm pretty sure it is the same sound, but it has to be better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earpiece was too loud. The microphone wasn't strong enough to hear my kids when they were talking. The earpieces also did not hold a steady signal when we played some songs.  We had to reset them several times because they kept slipping out of their mounts 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted the ability to turn off my TV in my car while driving (with the TV on).  Unfortunately the only thing I can do with this product is disable the TV.  The remote does not have any setting for it to switch off my remote or the TV, and I can't use the remote to go to the remote's home menu because the buttons are all blocked by the remote.  You can't even turn the TV off from your phone while driving.  I really don't see how they were able to sell such a product if the remote doesn't function the way they advertise it.  Maybe they should try to develop a better remote that can work without the need to use the TV while driving 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was received with the original packaging. However the cable did not arrive with the box 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card in December of 2008 and it just does not work. I was not able to get it to work in any of the games I've tried. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an upgrade to my Sony receiver.  The receiver worked for a short while but the sound went completely out of whack and I had to return it.  Sony did not respond to my complaint.  I was not willing to risk getting my money back on a faulty item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would like to buy the product but I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does what it's supposed to do, but it is VERY hard to use.  If you want to connect a CD or DVD to your computer you'll need a CD/DVD burner to do it.  I used to love this CD/ DVD player, but after a year it's now unusable.  Don't waste your money on this, buy a better player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to agree with the negative review above, as it's quite difficult to get your DVD player to play any discs, especially when playing them from your TV.  The player itself is a pain to use.  I would rather pay for something else that works.  If I was on the road, I would buy something like the Sony player, which has a better sound, better video and better DVD player capabilities.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a CD player, it's a CD changer.  The unit works and looks like a CD-player, but if you are like me and have to play your CD's at least in the same room it isn't worth it.  You get a little more for your money than you do when you purchase CD changers like Sony, Sony CDX-S1, etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product as it seemed to be advertised.  I did not receive the product, however.  This unit did not work.  It was defective.  The price is $12.00 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was poor. The volume was also quite loud and had a strange click at the beginning of the CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is the worst I've ever seen.  If you get a decent one, you'll find it much easier to use than the one pictured here.  It doesn't have any kind of memory.  The only thing that holds it together is the cable, which is too short.  For the money, I'd expect something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because my old ones were too slow.  The card itself is okay.  However, the card is NOT supported by the card reader.  I had to buy a card reader to use this card, which I was not willing to do because the card did not have the proper software to support my card reader 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this for my wife's iPod player, and it arrived and didn't work. The item was returned to Amazon. I am glad Amazon returned it, as I bought the item to have it work for my husband's iPod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace an older Panasonic DVD player, and I was disappointed. It was almost as if the player had stopped functioning, and the DVD was now sitting in the player.  The DVD was in play, and then stopped.  I returned it.  No thanks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure how I got this item but it's a bit of a joke. The sound is great when the CD is inserted but it is a total nightmare when the disc is ejected and the CD slot is not full. It's very loud and the system doesn't even turn off until you put it in the tray. I'm just glad I didn't get this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing is a piece of junk.  The CD player is not durable.  It takes forever to play CDs, if you do.  If you do not have a lot of CDs, this is a deal breaker 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is the worst I've ever bought. I was told it was a little more than I expected.  It works fine for me, but not as well as the other product I bought.  I would suggest that the user make sure that their product is working with the product before buying.  If not, it can be very frustrating trying to get it to work, but if it is a problem, try to return it and get a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not working for me.  The video worked ok.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting a little more from this product than the product's name suggests.  The sound is great but the cord has been very slow to attach to the iPod.  It took me several tries before I could finally get it to stay on the iPod!  The other problem is the fact that the product is not waterproof!  I had a case on and the sound would not stay in the case.  I have no idea why I had to try so many times to get it on the case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible product.  The first time I installed it it had trouble turning on, but now it stops working.  I am now in the process of replacing the unit.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is defective. The product does not work with my laptop.  The only thing I can think of is that it is just not compatible with my computer.  I have been on this product for a couple of months now.  It is definitely worth the money if you want to use a wireless mouse on your laptop. But this product is a total waste of money.  If you want a wireless product that works with your computer, look elsewhere.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the item and installed it. I am not sure if this product works well. I would suggest buying a different item to keep a few dollars back. I was not able to play any audio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards do not work.  I have used them with 2 different brands of RAM and have never gotten them to work.This product was never sold as a card that could work with the RAM that I needed.  If you buy one from Amazon and you are lucky, they may work for you.  Amazon will not give you a refund if you do not get it working.  The customer service at Amazon is a joke 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works for some people but not me. I've bought it twice.  Don't waste your money unless you're 100% sure it works for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card because my son wanted it.  However, when we hooked it up to his PC, it wouldn't start.  It would run for a few seconds then hang.  So I emailed the manufacturer (Mecano) and they said that it wasn't an error.  I also called the customer service number, and it was just a bad card.  We were told that it was a software problem.  Not worth paying $60 for a card that won't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little pricey, but that's the price of a phone with an 8MB RAM and no built-in storage.  The sound is mediocre and the antenna is a bit wonky.  I'm not going to waste my money on it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned a new HP Elite Note printer because I couldn't print my pictures properly. The first few were fine, but then the paper got wet and I had to start over.  HP is not offering a replacement printer with the ink cartridge, which is a shame.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these earphones, thinking they were very nice, but now I am having a problem with the sound. The bass is not what I expected, it's really weak, and the treble is not as sharp as I thought. I will have to return these because they were not worth the money, I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself is a bit pricey for the amount of memory you get.  However, the picture is not that nice.  The color is pretty dark and the picture on the TV is very washed out.  I am looking for a better alternative 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought a few Sony products in the past. The last one lasted about 2 months. It was in perfect condition. The sound was decent, but the battery was gone.  The sound is not affected by the batteries, but it would have been nice if Sony had not left me with an empty battery when I could have used one!  The item did not even hold a charge at all!  I am now looking for another item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product about 6 months ago, and it is a piece of junk.  It works fine, but the speakers are barely loud.  The sound is almost the same as a speaker in a small car stereo, so I returned it.  If you have a small stereo system, this product would be nice, but if you have anything larger than a 10-inch radio, this is useless.  I can't even give it a positive review, because I can see that other customers have given up on it as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is ok but you can't see the difference between the two.  I used to own Sony's product and found it to be a great system.  Now Sony will not send me their replacement unit.  If you want a high resolution system with picture clarity and a wide viewable screen, Sony is the best choice.  Sony has a great product but their customer service is very lacking.  You can't expect much from a company who will not return a bad product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because I had an A1 in my car and it broke on a routine trip. I used the product on it on Friday and it was working fine for about an hour.  Then it stopped working, and it is now unusable.  The product is useless, and I am out a lot of money.  Do not waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little bit of a pain to install, but I'll give it up. But it is very unreliable, as other reviewers have stated.  If you have a lot of memory, you can find better options. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product yesterday and it's not working at all.  There's no software on the DVD which is the reason for the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these, they suck!  They're not even usable in the computer I'm using it in.  I've had to send them back to Sony for a replacement.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card did not work with my iPod (that is iPod 6GB). I sent it back to the dealer and they sent me back a new one. This card is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my wife's work laptop, and it died after only a week or so. I will never buy this card again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards don't work.  I have 2 of them and neither has any luck on it's network connection, so I'm returning them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to use with my Toshiba DVD player and it worked out ok, but the sound quality was really lacking and it was very difficult to hear the movie being played 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description doesn't match the product that I received.  The card only works on my Mac (Mac Mini) and the DVD player in my home office is not compatible with the card.  I have contacted ATI and asked them for an alternative product.  They have told me that I will have to get a replacement card or pay for the difference in cost.  Please avoid this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a low quality product.  The volume control button is not functional, and the sound quality is pretty mediocre 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work well.  If you have a big room, it is ok.  It is also very expensive.  The pictures are not as crisp as the picture on my other electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this card and had it working on my Asus CZ75 Toshiba DVD player for about two months and then it stops working.  I don't think this card is worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't even work!  I can't use it to store my mp3 player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not functional.  It could not connect to my phone and I returned it.  If you want to use this product, you need to buy a phone with an external antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very basic cable. I am not even sure if this product is compatible with a cable that has been made for the Sennheiser HD-700.  The first time I tried to use this cable with my HD-600, the sound quality was terrible.  I returned it to the store and purchased the HD-800.  It has a better sound quality and the price was less than the HD600.  Don't waste your money on this cable! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is the least functional of the 3 i had, but is the worst overall. I had to return mine, because it would not print a positive review about the printer:  the printer works for me, but the print would come out as "incomplete" because of the scanner. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my phone in September.   The first two months, I thought it was just one problem.  However, one day it started having problems.  I had to call Sony customer service and ask for an update on the status.  It is now listed as "not functional".  I am extremely disappointed in this product.  If it was working for so many months, why would Sony give it away as a free replacement?  I have lost confidence in the Sony brand and will never purchase Sony products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not worth it.  It takes forever to set up, and it is very unreliable.  I returned mine.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this for my daughter, and I am very disappointed. The picture is great, but the sound is very weak and the TV's are not as bright as they could be. I am looking at alternatives for a better TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the Sony CDR-300 for my husband and he's been very unhappy.  The unit does not hold a CD on its own.  It is too heavy and the CD is very scratchy.  I am going to return this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card at the recommendation of a good friend.  The card works fine but it's a pain in the butt to set up.  I have had to do it more than once.  It also doesn't support any of the recent versions of Adobe software (PS and Mac).  I really wish I'd gotten something else rather than this.  Don't waste your money!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card thinking it was a good deal because it worked great for my Voodoo HD DVD burner, and it did indeed work but then the disc player started having problems and stopped functioning completely 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not come with any kind of support or warranty.  The only reason I gave it a negative is that it does not have a built-in microphone, which I needed for my laptop to record my voice into my digital recorder.  I will return it as soon as I get my money back.  Don't waste your money on this product, buy a product that comes with a microphone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones don't fit my ears.  I have no idea how the headband works.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was great, but the product did not work on my Mac Mini.  the machine was not bootable, and it did not boot on bootcamp.  I am very disappointed in this item, and I am going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these in case my laptop couldnt reach the mouse button without a mouse-swipe.  They worked OK for a short while.  But after a while, I started having problems with them.  One of them would stop working.  I sent them back, they got a new one with the same problem.  The only thing that kept them working was my resetting the mouse-button to use.  So I had to restart my laptop every time I wanted to use them.I am very disappointed with the product.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first one I received was not working. The second one worked for a short time, then died. The only reason I have not returned it is that I have a newer version of the product. I was advised by a customer service rep to return it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this about a year ago.  It's just a piece of plastic with a tiny antenna.  If you don't have a clear antenna, you can't get a signal!  Don't waste your money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these headphones because they were advertised to be the cheapest and sounded great.  They were also advertised to have a lifetime warranty.  However, I discovered that they were only warranted for one year.  The product has been replaced and I will not be ordering from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was cheap.  The sound is weak.  We have had it for about a month.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was very poorly packaged and was shipped to us in a cardboard box, which I am not sure what the value is.  I will return it and if possible will try to get a refund from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product about a month ago and received it only to find out that the battery is not the same that I paid for.  It does not have the capacity of the one I bought.  I would advise avoiding this product until you get the right battery for your unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's just a cheap plastic case. I will never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was OK, but there is a problem with the CD player and it doesn't support the digital camera in that it won't record with the camera attached to the CD.  the only solution is to remove the camera from the CD and put it in another CD player.  don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not meet my expectations. I expected the product to work fine, but I never found it. I will not buy from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card doesn't fit the card holder very well. The case is not padded, and the cards don't fit in. It's pretty useless to have a card that can't fit into a card holder, and you can't do much if you're using it with a different type of card holder 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very small case, but the lack of space on the screen makes it hard to use the mouse.  It's also hard to hide the buttons, especially if you want to use your mouse as a regular mouse. The mouse has a very thin frame.  I would never buy this case again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product.  It works but you will get very little use out of it unless you use it in a noisy environment.  The only thing that is worth buying is a USB hub.  If you do not want to pay the full retail price of this product, buy the one that has the same specifications and price.  A cheap hub that you can use on your laptop and use to transfer files is a better option 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted to have the ability to turn my television into a portable DVD player, not a DVD player with a TV in it.  It did not work right out of the box and it had a very long battery life.  I would not buy another brand of DVD player that does not have the same kind of battery life as this one.  Amazon.com is the best place to get an item like this but I am not buying Amazon DVD players anymore.  Please get a better battery life from a more expensive product, don't bother with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting something different, maybe more stable and a bit more portable than my previous Logitech remote, but it just wasn't worth the money. The buttons are stiff and very uncomfortable. I ended up not even bothering to get rid of mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for an hour and it had some sound problems.  Not sure what else to say 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it did not work. It would not turn on, and it would keep saying "not connected". I called the seller and they sent me a replacement that worked. I'm not sure why it didn't work, but it didn the first time I used it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After buying this product and returning it within 3 days, I found that the power switch is useless. I can only switch to "Off" if the power button is pressed (I don't use the volume knob, but it also needs to be pressed).  I can't even switch to the "Off-mode" if I am at my computer for more than 5 seconds, because the switch fails to activate.  The unit is very difficult to use, as I have found when I first tried to use it the switch is not connected, as you can see by the picture of it's not functioning properly.  I would not recommend this product to anyone who is using the power buttons to switch power settings.  Don't buy this product unless you intend to use the switch to switch the power settings 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a bad TV! Don't buy this product.  I would not buy this brand again!  I am a TV repair man and have repaired many units.  This is a total waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this thing yesterday. It does everything, but the only positive thing I can say is that it does NOT come with a receipt. I have never bought a receiver before. This is why I am going back to my trusty Kenwood receiver. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very happy with the sound from my Panasonic CD player. However, the player did not play CDs on my DVD player. I bought this player because I had heard a lot of positive reviews about it. But when I tried to play my DVD on it, the sound was horrible. It was very weak and very muffled. It would not play the CD even though it was playing perfectly fine on my other player.The other thing is, it was extremely difficult to find a manual CD player in my apartment. I could find none. I had to search in my kitchen cabinets, in the closet, in my attic, and finally in the basement. I even called Panasonic and told them about the problem. They gave me a CD player with an extra CD player for the TV that was supposed to be included in the player.It would be a great item if they would just give you a CD changer to put in the CD player as well. It is a waste of money to not have this item included 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work at all and I am not sure it is a fault of the product or of the way I used it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is great, but the sound is absolutely terrible. I get the same sound I get with my iPod. It sounds like the bass is coming from the back of my TV speakers. I think that is the sound from the speakers, because the TV speakers don't have bass that big! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the 2GB, and my router came with only 1GB. I guess the other side is right, the only reason I paid a lot for a 2GB card is that it's advertised as "unlimited" but it's only 2GB. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was excited to get this mouse.  The only problem I had is that I couldn't use the scroll wheel.  Not very noticeable, but it would be nice if the mouse had an option for scroll wheel scrolling or mouse scrolling.  I wish I had found a mouse with an option to scroll wheel scroll!  I'm not sure what mouse it is, but I will try a different mouse and see if that works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item hoping it would last longer than I have with the others.  It's a nice little box, but I've found the USB ports to be very unreliable.  The one that fits the USB port that I use most frequently breaks about twice a year.  I had to buy a spare because I would regularly break mine.  In addition, the batteries that I have are very fragile.  We'll see how long this lasts, but until it breaks I will only buy from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the unit to use with my iPod, and the CD player itself does not play the CD.  It only plays songs I have written in the CD, which I can't read and which I would rather not play 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my new DVD player.  I have not had the chance to test this yet.  But I'm sure it will work, just like my previous ones did.  Don't waste your money on this, just use an older model instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was NOT for the Panasonic RF-700.  It did not work for me.  I have been buying Panasonic products for a while and this is the first time I have had an issue with Panasonic products.  This is a very disappointing electronic device.  Panasonic needs to work on this issue 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife and I, and we both agree that they are not worth the money.  They do not stay put on the CD player, and when we put them on they quickly slide down.  We have a new stereo player that is much better.  I wish I had purchased another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked fine for a while. Then, it started to fail. I called Sager and they told me that it was defective. I returned it for a replacement. It worked again for a short time. Then it quit working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a very long time with this product and it has gone down in value.  I have been buying them for 10 years and have not received any use or satisfaction.  The sound quality is not as good as it was in the past and the picture quality is far worse than I thought.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item and received a bad one!  They are not very sturdy, so you can hardly hang them up.  It's also not very comfortable to hold.  If you use them to transfer files (such as music, pictures, etc.) from a portable device to your computer, you will probably get a bigger file transfer speeds (not sure why this is the case, I just don't know) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little skeptical because of the price of the unit, but after I tried the unit and it doesn't work, I thought I would give this one a try, and it worked fine for a short time, then the next thing I know I got an e-mail from Amazon saying that the unit would not be available for sale and they would be sending a replacement, which was about a week ago.  Amazon's customer service is terrible, and they don't really care about customers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is fine, but is not very easy to use. It is not user friendly and does not come with a manual.  I would never buy a DVD player from Amazon again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very expensive and extremely loud headphone.  I had it for a month and it has already broken.  Do not buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a nightmare.  It does not work.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this to replace my previous Sony A700. It does work, but I wish it had a larger antenna, and that's really the only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived damaged. I returned it to Amazon and they sent me a replacement. Not impressed with the item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I would like to say is that this product does not fit my laptop!  I do not have the option of using the memory card reader as is usually the case, and the card reader is very bulky 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit was as advertised.  After 1 month, my TV did not turn on.  I returned it and got a refurbished Panasonic brand model from Amazon.  Amazon was very unhelpful with this.  It turns out that Panasonic is discontinuing the product line and it's now called the PowerStream 2000.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because I wanted a smaller, lighter, better, cheaper MP3 player for traveling. I was disappointed when I first got the player, it wasn't very responsive, it would barely play any music. It would be very difficult to find the right volume.  I returned it.  It would cost me $40 to get a better player.  The next one I ordered was a different model that works much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player that came with the unit worked fine, but the sound quality was quite poor. I would suggest spending the extra money to buy something that sounds better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the product expecting a good electronic device, and received this product with the worst warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a joke.  The product was shipped as an "unopened" item and is NOT fully functional 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to get a small mp3 player.  It is just a waste of money.  Don't waste your money on this item.  I had to return it to Amazon for refund.  The player was very slow, the sound was very poor.  Do yourself a favor and go to Amazon and get something better.  Amazon's return policy is great 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to connect my Panasonic DVD player and DVD recorder.  The product was defective.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is not worth the money. I have a Sony A5000 and it works great with it.  Don't waste your money on this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is junk. it has an RF transmitter. it works. but when you get the product to work, the transmitter is on the other side of the radio. the signal is not strong enough to work with the receiver.  i have spent more than $50 on this product and will not be using it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works as advertised but it is a little bulky 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is good but it is a bit slow.  It is not much better than the cheapest $10.00 item but not quite the same.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money.  If you need it, get a dvi.  Don\'t waste your time with this.  Buy an dvi, not a dvii 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes a long time to set up, the software does not do a good job.  I would never buy from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD/DVD burner is a total waste of money. I was expecting it to work well for $9.95. I paid $12.95 for it and it is still broken!  The pictures are ok, but I can't burn any more discs. I will not buy any more from this company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little disappointing.  The sound is not as clear as you might expect.  I would not buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is good, but it is not very clear.  I would return it if they were to ship a new one, as it will cost me more to replace it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for about 6 months now. It's inoperable at all. I've sent it back 3 times and it still doesn't work. The customer service is poor. I have not seen a repairman or tech support for this product. It should have been recalled or replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice product, but the quality control is very poor.  We have had it about a year now and have seen no improvement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was pretty bad.  The only thing that saved it was the price.  If you want something with better sound quality then this is not the one for you.  I am returning this.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am returning the Epson inkjet paper because the paper is not as strong as I expected.  The paper has a tendency to curl when writing.  If you are a fan of Epson paper, don't buy this inkjet!  I would buy something else.  I was looking for a better inkjet printer than the one that came with my HP LaserJet. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is so-so.  I am only using this as a media player.  My wife was also having problems with it.  This was the only item on Amazon with a positive review.  If you really want a better picture, invest in a Sony PVM-200 or PVMX-100 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok but the antenna is a bit flaky.  It gets a lot of signal and then loses a lot.  This is probably a design flaw and there is nothing I can do about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. I would not buy another one if I had any intention of using it. The first few months of use I thought it was great, but now I just wish I'd bought something else, or maybe just returned it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price was a little too high for what it was, but they still have a bad customer service rep.  We bought 2 units and both stopped working after a few months.  I had to return them both.  It seems like the product is not very robust and that the manufacturer may not be as responsive to customer complaints.  They have been replaced with a more reasonable model, but the problems remain.  If you can get your money back for a bad product, do so! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable for my DVD player and it broke in the first week.  I called the manufacturer and they said they would send me a new cable that would have no problem.  Not even 24 hours later and I am still looking for a replacement cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap little product that did not work, and it costs $20.00 to send it back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card doesn't work with my HP DL-904. The card only worked on the laptop itself and not the cd-rom drive. The only way to get it to work is to insert the card into the CD/DVD drive. I had to call HP to get their technical support. I will not buy another HP product because of this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player to use in my daughter's car.  But it was only about 5 months before it broke.  I had to return it.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing is totally useless. I am using a PC that is already an old desktop and I just cannot find a way to use it to copy files between the two computers.  I do have a printer, but that is only for the PC and not my laptop.  This product is so unuseable that I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these for a friend and they have not worked.  I have used this product twice and both times the connection was lost 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item expecting it to be ok.  I did not expect it to fail.  The sound is a little odd and the microphone isn't very loud.  However the product is only 1 dollar cheaper than Amazon.com.  Amazon.Com is selling the exact same item and has had no problem with their product.  If you're looking for a decent microphone this is a good alternative.  But beware of Amazon.COM 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a cheap printer that would not print on my HP CinePrintJet. I could not use the print preview feature, but could use the printer. However, it is very inconvenient to use the dial to dial the print speed and the printer is very hard to set up. I returned it and will not buy another HP printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would be an upgrade over my previous product.  Wrong.  I was disappointed in this product, not only because it was so much more expensive, but also because I was unable to use my iPod with it!  The sound is awful.  The controls are poorly made and difficult to use.  If you use your iPod for any sort of casual or business music, you will not like this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a good sound card, I would return it.  I bought it thinking that I could get a decent sound card for the price of it. Unfortunately it is not.  My only complaint is that it does not come with the cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is worthless, the CD player itself is not strong enough to drive the discs, the remote is not that easy to use.  I would return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not very easy to use and it is not really clear how to use it.  I use my camera and find it to be more cumbersome to use the product.  It doesn't work well.  The pictures come out a bit blurry.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting it to be a great product, but it wasn't. I have used it several times now and it is constantly changing the volume on my TV. I am sure this is not a defect because my other TV was fine, but I will never buy a Sony product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card thinking it would be a great replacement for my older one, which died in a fire. I thought it would last longer than the older one and it did, but the card was a total disappointment. It would not read any CDs in my CD player, and even when it was fully loaded and playing, the CD player would not play any CDs.  I have tried to return it, but it's too late.  So, I will probably buy something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a regular customer of Logitech products and bought this mouse for my son as a birthday gift. He is still without it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product in October of 2005.  The product works well for the first month, then stops working completely.  I have had to return it for another item of similar nature 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is very poor, and the antenna is very flimsy. I can't recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this player for a little over a month. It works, but the only problem is that the volume controls do not work. They won't turn off the volume.  You can only play a single song with the volume on the lowest setting 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first time I've ever used an iPod.  It has a strange squeak sound, and it can't hold the volume.  I will never use an iPod again.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product. The cable is so flimsy, it breaks everytime I take it out of the case.  You'll be back for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a nightmare to get it to work with my DVD player, which has a serial number on the back that can be read by the DVD player.  I had to call and get it repaired and return it to Best Buy.  It will not work with any other player I have.  The product was never shipped to me and I never received the repair papers for it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to arrive.  No one said it was broken.  The customer service was horrible.  Customer service doesn't count because I got it back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After receiving my HP Stream, I had to return it to the store. The customer service rep did not seem to understand what the problem was. I sent him the item with the item and it still wasn't fixed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife who is a little bit on the pricey side.  We've had it for a month or so and it is no longer functioning.  It does not connect to any of the computers that it is intended to work with 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These units don't hold a charge.  The one that we have is a new one and has been in use for a couple months.  We still haven't gotten the charge back and have returned it.  Not a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not usable and not worth the price.  I was not able to connect my phone to the router.  If you need it to function then buy an adapter 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no idea what I was getting when I bought this product.  After 2 weeks of use, I decided it was time to return it.  I've had it for about a month now and it has stopped working.  What a waste of money.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a good electronic device, but it did not work very well with my laptop.  I ended up having to return it because it was not usable at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product doesn't work with my laptop. I have an HP Elitebook 890 G1, so it is a big surprise to me that it doesn't.  I tried several different USB ports and adapters and none of them worked with this product.  There is no documentation about this product or even a customer support website to help you with this problem.  Don't buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for something to keep my laptop charged while I am out of town and not connected to power. I bought this because the old one I had was broken.  It's not a good idea to leave your laptop plugged in while driving. It will take a lot of power to run the processor and the fans.  I also had the impression the battery would last longer if I just used the laptop while it was plugged in.  The only good thing is the case itself.  Don't waste your money on this product unless you have a good battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is great but you have to get it in the right size and you will loose a lot of mp3 files.  I had to do some measuring to figure out that I could use my mp3 player with my ipod mini.  You will lose mp3s that were stored in your mp3player's directory (on your pc or ipod) which can lead to all sorts of headaches 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is useless.  If you have an AT&T card, you can use the same card for all of your computers.  I have only had this card for a week and a half and I am having a hard time finding the card and I don't know if I am paying for it or not.  For AT&Ts I'd suggest the HP Smart Connect.  They're only $8.99 each! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has no support.  If you do not have an  iPod, buy something else.  I tried to contact Sony, they told me it's a problem with my computer.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter to use on her ipod. I'm not sure why she used it, she's a bit of a tech so I don't know how to fix it. I can't even say I have it, it's all in black on her 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this antenna and received the antenna in a couple of days. I took it back and got it repaired, but not without having to pay a lot of money to get it fixed again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this unit for about 2 weeks and it still doesn't work.  I called the customer support and they said that the product is in stock.  Not sure what to do... I'm sure I'll be able to get it back, but not for another 2 weeks.  Maybe I can get a refund for it if it is so easy to return 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking it was a nice compact product.  I had some problems with it and it is now sitting in my garage.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a gift, but after a couple of months my card got stopped. I was in the wrong with the purchase, but now I'm out $100 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a pain in the butt.  They are way too heavy and the remote is a piece of garbage.  You can't do anything with the button.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an extremely disappointing electronic device. It is not as nice as other brands. It has a weak sound. You will need a lot more power to get it to work. The volume is very low, and it does not have any built in volume control.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was extremely disappointed with this item. I am a very poor buyer. I bought this because I wanted to keep my laptop cooler, but not to be the case.  It is too small, and the fan will not stay on.  If you want to keep your laptop cooler (or just use it for gaming), buy a larger case. This product was a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is not compatible with my Sony VAIO.  I'm sure the card is compatible with other Sony VAio products, but I was unable to get it to work on my Sony Vaio.  A card with a higher power rating would have been a better buy, but considering the price, I am very disappointed.  Not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD player is ok for the money but I bought it because of the "Live" feature, which was not as advertised.  It does play most CDs, but not all.  The only CD player that works is the Sony CDM-200E (which is the same model as the SCCD200E).  The SCCDs were advertised as "Live".  The Sony CD player's built in sound card will record sounds without the use of headphones, but this can be annoying because the sound is recorded differently than the Sony sound cards, which usually do not record sounds in stereo.  If you want to record the "LIVE" sounds you will need headphones to use.  I bought this CD player because the SBCD200 is an inexpensive option, but it is not as good as the Sony SBCDs, which can be had for under $50 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product does not hold the charge at all, and its a piece of junk. I've lost 10+ phones on this one charger, and I have no idea how it works! I am going to have to get rid of this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would give these back, but it is so cheap and crappy.  It works, but not well, and is not worth the price.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item thinking it was a good product and would work with my old Samsung DVD player.  Not only did it not work with the player, it also didn't work with an iPod.  What a waste of money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned these headphones for over a year and have had them several times, and the only reason I bought them was because I needed a pair.  However, after two weeks I have to say that these headphones have gone from being a decent pair to a complete waste of money.  I will never purchase headphones again from Amazon because I have wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone about a year ago.  I needed a 6G phone for my husband, so I went with this model.  The first few days were ok.  Then the first call went out.  It is very difficult to get a good signal from the handset if you don't have a signal booster on.  This is a big problem because my husband uses the phone a lot on his motorcycle and I can't hear him as well as I can if I had a stronger signal booster.  If you have a strong signal booster it's ok, but it's not as easy to use as a 6GS phone.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived late in the day and after 2 days I had to return it. It worked for a few days. Then it stopped working and I had no idea what was wrong.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because my other card (from my old laptop) was not working at all. It would hang up on my mouse when I would try to enter a text message, or when I tried to open any browser.I really don't like this card, it's not as nice as my old card, and the manufacturer didn't send me a replacement for free (it's $8 for the card alone). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first one broke so I ordered another.  The picture is terrible.  I got it out of the box with all the software pre-installed.  It was not worth the hassle to get it working again.  They do not have any sort of support for software problems 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the original Sennheiser headphones I had in a bag were damaged.  However, these headphones are worthless.  The sound is very weak and the ear pads are uncomfortable.  You will probably not get any benefit from buying these headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable and was surprised at how it worked! It lasted for 1 month and was never able to transfer anything from the computer. I returned it and bought a different brand and have had no problems. I will not buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is okay, but not great.  There is a big difference between the sound from the amp in my iPod, and the sound I get from the CD player.  I wish the sound were better.  The product description is not true.  They don't come with any kind of mounting device, so I'm not sure how I'm supposed to hold the CD.  Maybe there's a way to mount them by just pulling the arms straight out and letting the arms swing around a little.  Either way, it doesn't work very well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has an obvious design flaw in that it is very hard to get the card to stick to the cartridge.  The product does not work with cartridge based games, so if you have one you need to make sure it is compatible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it for a friend and was expecting a good electronic device that would work well. Unfortunately it doesn't. I'm sure it would work fine with other brands of printer but you get what you pay for with this one. It's very expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works for the first week or so, then after that all of the sudden it will stop working.  I returned it and bought a different model of this item.  It worked for a while, but then stopped working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was awful. I will never buy this product again.  The remote is a piece of junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this phone a few months ago and I haven't been able to get it to work for a couple months.  I am sure this is an electronic device that is defective, but I would have been happy to spend $5 on a phone that worked properly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is really disappointing. I bought this and it is not very easy to use.  It has a really weak and unresponsive power button.  I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first time I've had to order a cable for a CD player. I don't really like it.  The picture is OK, but not what I expected.  Maybe if I got an actual cable with the connector on the end, it would be better.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable about 6 months ago and have not had any problems yet.  However, they keep coming in to the store and out.  It would appear to be the cable that is broken.  I have tried changing the color on the cable, but this is not working.  So I guess it's a matter of the cables themselves.  The cable itself is nice, but the problem is that the color is too dark for the picture to be seen at all.  If you use the cable as an antenna, it may help.  Overall, I would say this is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a complete joke.  The sound is OK for listening to music, but the battery lasts a long time, so you'll get an hour or more out of it before the power supply is completely depleted.  I think it was only good for an hour and a half, but it lasted a full two days before I had to recharge the batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  It is a useless adapter for your iPod and you can't use it to make CD's or mp3's!  The CD or mp4 player will not recognize this adapter and will stop playing.  The product itself is junk and I would never buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works but not at all. the product doesnt hold a charge at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the product as it looked good.  A few days later, I find out the unit works only if you connect it to your PC via USB cable.  I can't believe they sold this product with such a poor description.  You can't just plug it in and expect it to work!  I wish they would have listed this as a USB hub 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  I have spent time with other brands and this one is the worst.  It does not support any type of USB cable that is longer than 30 feet 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very hard to get the card to fit in the case.  If you put it on the edge of the case you can't get it in there.  It would also be nice if the case came with instructions to cut the plastic on the side that goes up against the case, so you could cut it off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After the warranty period, this one is just not worth it.  The sound is barely noticeable and the memory is not enough for all the games I have installed.  I returned the unit to Amazon for another one that works! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product in hopes that it would work as a DVD/CD player.  It is very unreliable.  In my case, I had to replace it twice with different models to get it to play CD's, and I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works OK but the remote doesn't work.  I'll have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product online. Upon arrival in the mail, the item did not work. I contacted Amazon.com and they refused to give me a refund or send me a replacement. I will never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the case at first, but after a month or so, I lost all of the cards.  I am looking for a better case for my new card, so I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These were the only ones that worked out of the box, but were not the best quality. They lasted for only a few days and then started to fade. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because the other ones I've used worked, but they are very bulky, not very easy to use, and don't work as well as I expected. The sound quality is very poor. I have no idea why Amazon would sell such a device when they have the best product around 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not as advertised. The product does not have a built in microphone or headphones jack. I would not buy this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been through three different units since buying this unit.  The first one I got did not work, and I had to return it.  I now have a new unit which has worked fine, but it is very expensive, in addition to being extremely small, uncomfortable, and noisy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a piece of junk. I bought this card at Walmart because I needed to transfer data from a Sony DVD player and Sony's card had a transfer rate of 4.0Mbits/sec. Now my Sony DVD has been damaged and I need to transfer my data again from the Sony card. I will never buy a Sony card again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because my laptop is not too small. I bought it thinking it would be a nice feature to have it connect to my modem or router and then just plug it into my computer and run a modem or whatever.  But it doesn't work. I tried all the settings and they did not help.  I called and told them what I was doing and they told me that they would help me if I could return it.  So I did return it and they said that I had to pay for shipping.  And I did.  It is now sitting in the mail box and I have no idea what will happen to it or what will be done with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was good. But it's a shame that it broke so quickly.  I would suggest that you use a mouse that has more weight to it.  But this is a very cheap mouse, so I'm not sure how much it weighs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item in November of 2007.  I had my first warranty claim by December 2006.  However, after receiving warranty service, my unit stopped working.  In April 2007, I received a replacement for my faulty unit which worked for about 10 days.  The unit has been sitting on the shelf for a year and a half.  Do NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my product and it is not working.  I have been trying everything to get it to work.  The instructions are not clear.  If you get it working, make sure you turn off your iPod while you use it.  Don't bother returning it. I had a new one and it worked perfectly.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for the price and convenience. It is not as advertised and works great for the most part, but there are some problems. I will not buy from any other vendor, not because they are bad, but because I am so used to the brand names I am surprised it would work like this one.I would recommend you do not buy this card, because if you do it will work fine for a few months, then the next one will not be as good. I wish I could find a better card at this price! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking that it would be an improvement over my old Sony.  It's not.  I got this because my Sony is defective and can't play my CD, but I wanted to keep my old player in the picture so I thought I would get this product to play my CDs and play the CD I bought in its place.  After a week or so, the player is no longer playable and it's actually making the CD harder to hear.  The reason is that the player has a very narrow internal space and is not able to hold the CD as I like to play.  There is an option for a smaller player, but it is a huge pain in the butt to change it, since it's difficult to open the cover to remove it.  You'd think Sony would make this one better if you were paying $300 for a player!  I was disappointed, since the Sony's sound was just fine.  So I returned this product, and I will never buy another Sony product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking that it would be ok to put my computer in the back of my car.  It did not work out.  I have a Sony laptop with a DVD drive in the case, so I had to take it out of the case to use it.  The CD player would not play the disc.  If you need a case to protect your CD player from scratches, this is not the case.  This case does not hold the CD player.  Instead, you have to wrap it in something, like a towel, to protect it.If you want to use this product, make sure that you get it from Amazon because Amazon is not really making it easy to buy.  Amazon does not have a return policy for damaged products.  So you have no recourse if you get a case with scratches and don't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does everything it says, but it is NOT reliable, I would not recommend this product.  It is not durable, you can feel the strain on the cord when you are on the phone.  You will have to use the same cord for every call you make.  I had to buy another cord to be able to use my computer with this phone, if you do not have the other cord, don't buy this one.  If you are going to use this phone with your computer, I suggest you buy a better product like this one, because this product has a serious problem with durability 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned this product to Amazon.  Amazon has sent me a new one that works better but still does not have the same sound quality as the one that I had.  The new model does not use the same connectors or plugging method.  I will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A lot of headaches and frustration for the money spent.  Very unreliable.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is just not worth the money.  The product itself works fine but it is NOT UNIQUE.  I use it to connect my Sony VAIO D-700 (which has a built in ethernet jack) to my router (I'm on an AT&T DSL service).  It does work but I wish I would have spent $50 more for a different product that I could have kept for myself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was broken. The item was shipped with the wrong brand of ear buds.  The ear buds in question have no labels on them.  I've received an exchange offer from Amazon for a new set of earbuds but they were defective.  So I'm now stuck with an unusable pair of earphones.  Amazon has been great so far with customer service.  They sent me an email saying the product is defective. The earbud in question is the one that is currently in my ear.  That's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived at my house damaged.  I had to return it.  So, don't buy this item unless you have something better, or you're going to spend a lot of money to get something that is damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to buy an adapter because this product does not work with my laptop. I could see the software error on the screen and the CD player would not start.  I called tech support and they recommended using a USB to Firewire adapter, but there is no indication that this product will support the Firewire port 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on these! I used them for an hour and the sound was awful. They were not working properly, it would sound like the speakers were on.  I tried replacing them with a couple of inexpensive speakers and it worked!  But, for a small investment, it wasn't worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so happy to find this card, it worked right away, but I must say it's a very slow card.  It can't get any more than 30MB/s, and it's not really usable at that speed unless you have a slower connection, so I won't be buying this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable because I had the first cable with the color and it worked.  I had a few problems with it and the other cables that I have, but not enough to stop ordering this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is ok, but the sound is not.  It is almost as bad as my Panasonic Viera, but that's no surprise since I only use the Viera.  The sound is a little more "thick" and has a little bit of a scratchy, scratchy sound.  I guess you can't compare a "thousand dollar" sound system to something that costs half a buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not a workable product, its simply a gimmick 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries lasted me about 3-4 months, and they were not very long lasting. I can only imagine they wouldn't hold up for very long in daily use, since they are small enough that I can't really fit them into the case, and the battery compartment is pretty small.The only positive review I can give is that they are compact, which is nice, but they aren't great. The charger is difficult to use, because you can't see where the buttons are located on the front of the unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought and used a number of printers.  None of them work with my Sony printer.  I do not believe this printer is Sony's fault.  But I will not buy another Sony printer in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony printer with a HP print cartridge that is a little more than 6" x 6" so I ordered the HP printer and it came with the HP cartridge.  The HP cartridge is very heavy and doesn't fit well with my Canon printer so I got the Canon printer.  However the HP HP printer didn't work with my HP ink cartridge.I really wanted the HP to work with Canon ink but the HP was a huge disappointment.  I wish I had bought the Canon ink cartridge from Amazon instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because my old Panasonic RF-A1's were broken. I thought they were new, because I received them within a few days after ordering. But they don't work! I have tried every radio in the market, and none of them work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am really disappointed in this product.  It is not the product that I expected.  I ordered it because I have had a few different iPod earbuds.  The first one worked great but I couldn't get the second one to work.  If you do not have a lot of money to spend you may be better off with the one that's in the picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't hold a charge, it's not powerful enough to charge a cell phone, and the price is a little steep.  I've used it twice, and both times I got the same results.  If I had to do it all over again, I would buy the cheaper Samsung model.  But you can't expect it to be that much better than the one you get at the store.  It would be a huge waste of money to waste $35 for a battery that gives you a few minutes of extra charge.  Get something that will last a full charge 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not meet the advertised specifications.  The only thing that makes the product more appealing is the price.  If you need a small external drive, I would stay away from this product.  I have had better results with an ATTO, but this is a poor product at best 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is ok, but the cables don't hold up very well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to use in a desktop system, not a laptop.  I use a HP brand, and it has a hard case.  The case is too big for the notebook.  It is also not very user friendly.  There is a small black box that comes with the notebook that pops up when you try to insert the CD, so you have to remove the case to insert your CD.  That is annoying, and I don't think I can trust the HP brand anymore, as I think that they should be able to provide software for this type of device.  This is a waste of time, money and potential customer satisfaction.  You can get a better deal elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a digital device in my TV room.  Unfortunately, it is extremely difficult to use.  I would recommend getting an older model, such as an Iray. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the third pair of these headphones, and I am now done with them.  I can't believe the sound is that bad.  Maybe I should have been told that the first pair had to be returned because the drivers had no warranty, and the second pair could not be returned to me because they had been damaged by someone's dog.  Not sure why these headphones can't hold their own 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work with any type of wireless router and I'm wondering why I got it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife who's iPod is now in the trash.  It works fine for a couple of months but it stops working after about a year.  I don't even know if it is a problem with the product or the iPod itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my new player today and the sound is terrible.  I bought this player expecting to like the sound and the only thing that is worse is the sound coming from the subwoofer.  If I can't get the sub to work it is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not fit on my Dell Inspiron 9200. The card is slightly smaller than the standard Dell logo size. I returned it and I will be trying another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the sound card on my Sony Vaio.  The card works.  However, I can't tell whether I am getting a bad card or the sound system is defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A small scratch on the front left earpiece, which was the only way to get the earpiece to work. I would rate a lower rating if I had to give it to someone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had a lot of trouble getting this product to work.  I am trying different software, different drivers and different network settings, but it is never reliable.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with any of my laptops and I am very disappointed.  The product description says that it will only work with certain models, however I am not sure which ones.  If I buy this card again I will be very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product because the HDD I had was damaged by a previous HDD and I needed to use my existing one. The product was delivered to me with the wrong color on the picture and the sound card was not recognized by the machine.  Customer service reps could not help me, so I returned the product with a full refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little overpriced for a product that will not hold up for more than a few hours.  The buttons don't fit the keyboard comfortably, and the case is not sturdy enough to keep the keyboard from slipping off.  I was hoping to get an off-the-shelf model at a reasonable price.  If you are looking for a $15 keyboard, I suggest spending a little more money and go with the Logitech G5 (the company that makes this keyboard) model instead.  For a $60 keyboard, don't even consider this product.  It is not worth the money.  Buy the Logix, get the product that you can afford, and don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this antenna, but when I got the antenna it did not fit the antenna mount.  The mount is only about 1/4" wide, so I had to go back and buy a different mount to use it with.  I would not buy this antenna again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work. It works for a few seconds and then freezes up.  I've already returned it to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok but it is very weak, the microphone is not very clear, there is no way to control the volume, etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable has a couple of bad features.  First, it has a very small capacity and the connector to the unit isn't that great.  Second, the unit is very hard to pull apart and put back together 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not well made, does not work well, and will not protect the disk.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product and it was as I expected. However, the product arrived damaged.  I contacted support and was told to send it back.  It was a waste of time and money.  Customer support is unhelpful and very unhelpable.  You get what you pay for, but if you are looking for a high quality product for a low price, this isn't it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came on time, but it was so floppy! I could not get it to hold it together.  I bought another brand that was better and works fine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my wife. She has a Sony PSP. It has not worked in my PSP since it arrived. I was very disappointed. I called Sony and they gave me the wrong cable. They said that they could ship me the correct cable for $1.99. I am very dissapointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this product for a while and the first thing I noticed is the sound is almost all the way in.  It is also the first time I have experienced an error in this product.  This product is worthless.  I will be looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product as a replacement for a bad product.  After several weeks, it is showing no real signs of life.  The case is fine, but the case itself is not as strong as the other ones I've bought in the past.  I'll be returning it, as it has proved to be a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the unit has a small hole in the middle of the back. the only way I could get it back to the original shape was to get an extended warranty on it. the customer service was bad. they just said they couldn't help me with it because the warranty wasn't valid. I will not be using this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work on the HP Pavilion, but it does work on an HP Pavilion with the older motherboard (PIII). The product manual states that this product is "compatible with HP Pavilion PCs."  I cannot believe that.  The product does work with HPs with the newer PIIIC motherboards, but I am afraid to make that purchase, as it's a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife.  I would like to buy it back, but I was very disappointed.  The only positive review is that it does work.  But it's a very fragile item and it's very hard to use, especially if you're doing anything outside the box that the unit is designed for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came to us in very bad condition. The earphone cord broke right before the earphone itself broke. The product was never used by us and was returned. I would recommend against this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is not listed on Amazon.  I called Amazon and asked for it.  They said they would not take it back.  Amazon is not a good electronic device.  It has problems like the other reviewers have.  There is a bad power cable with a crappy connector, the product was not delivered in time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work well for my Canon 7D. I had to return it and I don't like Canon products as much as I used to.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is worthless.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very weak, especially at higher volumes.  I've tried a number of adapters, and none of them were able to make a difference 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not worth the money, I would return it for something better.  I did not use the mouse to click on anything.  It simply would not register that I had pressed the right mouse button.  You have to press the button all the way down, which is awkward to the human hand.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These were very disappointing. I have tried the other brand, they're much better. The pictures came out fine but the sound is terrible.  I had to replace all my sound cards because the sound quality was so bad. I will never buy a sound card again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok.  The cord is a little long, and is easily cut with a small scissors, but the sound is bad.  I would stay away from this product.  If you are looking for a better product, try the Sony product: the sound of the Sony CD player is so much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting it to be an upgrade to the iPod Mini and it is not.  The sound quality is horrible.  I had it for about a month and then it stopped working.  It is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description is accurate but the product does not work with my DVD player.  I've had a number of the "Nifty" products and they all worked.  But not this one!  The DVD player itself is very unreliable.  The software crashes and freezes up often.  This one was a disappointment.  If you're looking for a "faster" product, get a better player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK, but it is very annoying to have to push a button everytime you want to use the mp3 player.  You don't even have to press the button once to start the music, but you have to do it everytime to make it stop.  If you don't want to push the button every time you want a new song, then this player isn't worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son who loves to play games and had the idea that he could use it as a media player.  The only thing it does is it allows him to connect to the network.  I don't know if this is a real thing or not 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is a bit lacking, but I don't have much to complain about. I've had it on for a month and it's still working fine, so maybe it's the battery? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router because my son and I use it for both computers and phones.  We both had problems with it, and it is very slow.  I would buy something else, and I am considering a return 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this printer inked on the outside of the paper, and it would not load the image.  The image was very dark, and when I tried to print something that would be visible, it wouldn't load.  It's like the printer is out of ink or something 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought these a couple of times and they don't work.  The sound is horrible and I'm having a hard time keeping it on and turning it on.  I'm sure it is the speakers because they have a bad frequency range and sound very weak.  It is very hard to keep them in place.  Don't waste your money on these speakers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this for a week and it would not power my printer.  I got it repaired and it works now but this product should be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work for me.  I had to return it.  There are many others that work.  If you are looking for something that is less expensive, then this product is not worth it. It just doesn't work.If you are buying this product, do not get it because you will be very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is weak. The only reason I gave it 5 stars is because the antenna is removable, so you can change your antenna if it is too weak.  But then I had to return the product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product and did not use it at all.  It was very difficult to plug the antenna to the wall, and very slow.  The price was also very high.  I wish I had gotten it from Amazon instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as I have a high speed printer that is not in the top range of HP printers. I was looking for a higher quality printer and it does not come close to the HPs.  It is not a great printer, but the price is right 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is very poor.  The volume control is not adjustable enough for the speakers to do their best, the sound is very weak, and the sound card does not work with my mp3 player.  I've read that you can find better speakers for this system, but I am afraid I will not be able to make it work.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a joke.  It is very difficult to use, is not accurate enough to store any data, and is extremely noisy.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not for me. The only problem is that it is not waterproof.  Not worth the price! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for my daughter.  The product is not a good product.  It is not well made.  I will not be purchasing this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they seemed to have a low failure rate, but they were not as durable as I expected.  The unit did not work at all until I put it on the same machine as my original cable that came with my cable box.  I was very disappointed that the unit did NOT fit my TV properly, and the cable did not stay securely in the unit.  Overall the unit is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poorly made card. I had to return it to Best Buy.  I do not recommend this card.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this and received it a week or so before shipping. The CD player is very hard to use and the buttons are difficult to use, and the remote is extremely difficult to operate 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to put a new battery in my Sony DVD player.  The cable to charge it works fine, but the Sony battery isn't working.  I'm sure there's an easy fix for that, but I don't think it's worth the hassle of returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a week of being in the mail, the unit has become unusable.  I have had a Sony product before and it worked fine.  The unit will no longer power my TV.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for a month and it's still not working.  The battery just will not charge my Sony DVD player!  I bought this because it looked like the product was good, but now I'm scared to use it.  I will never buy another Sony product again! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work with my computer and it costs me a lot of money.  I will be returning it.  It does not work on my laptop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a good product.  I have a Sony CX-20 and it does a great job.  It is small, compact, and has a great microphone.  The earpieces can get hot and you need to put them away before taking the microphone out of the ear.  If you buy these, do not expect to use them for more than 10 seconds before having to take them out!  I do not recommend these, but will do what I can to get rid of them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried these products in the past and they worked fine, but after a couple of months I decided to switch to the newer product that is actually called a "Toshiba Portable HDD".  The new Toshiba product does not hold my drive in its original position.  The problem is that it is too difficult to get it out, because it's so small.  I'm sure Toshiba can't be the only manufacturer who has a problem with this product.  So now I have to spend another $20 to buy a new one.  It's too expensive and it's not worth it.  Buy a more durable, more expensive item that holds your drive in place 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card for my friend and was not very impressed.  Only has 1 year warranty, which I have since found out is not a great thing.  Card is slow, but not as bad as I expected.  Not really happy with this card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for about a week and I'm no longer using it.  I don't like the look of the unit, the sound is low and the price is expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting it to be just like the one I had before, but the price was more than double and it came in a piece of black plastic. I was so disappointed. I wish I had just gotten the original Panasonic product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great, but the case is not.  The case has an adhesive to hold the screen, but you can only put it on if you want to leave it on.  So if you have to put it down before you use it, the screen gets dirty.  If you don't mind taking the case off, the product is fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Dell Inspiron, which has a built in DVD player, and I really wanted to play DVD's in the machine.  Unfortunately the player does not have an internal CD burner, so I was forced to use an external CD player.  I can't say that I was too happy about that decision, because I wanted the player to do everything it was supposed to.  That is not the case with this player, since I have to constantly switch between the player and the external player.The player is also very heavy, which I guess is a big plus for a player that can hold DVD's.  But it's a real pain in the back for the user to hold the player up to the TV and use it.  The player is not made very well, and the instructions are not very clear, so it's easy to mess up and get confused about what you're doing.  Overall I'm not very happy with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because it's a nice touch screen and works nicely with my PC. Unfortunately it turns out to be not as nice as I thought it would be.  The screen has to be set in the right way.  If you try to set it up without the software, you will end up with an error that the monitor can't find the screen.  It doesn't seem to get rid of the problem completely but it doesn't help when you need to adjust your screen. I got a replacement because it is so hard to use it in the correct manner.  Don't waste your money on this product, just get something that is better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable in anticipation of a high-speed Internet connection.  After about three weeks it started to get slower and slower.  I called Suddenlink tech support and they told me that my connection was probably not that great.  Then they gave me a new cable that looked like a waste of money.  Don't waste your money!  Buy a good one from Amazon! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was fine for about a year or so.  Since then the screen has been in the freezer and the volume is low.  I will return this item to the manufacturer for refund.  It is not worth the $20.00 to return the unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed. The only way I could get my iPod to function was to remove the connector from the back of my iPod.  You can't get it to work unless you remove the back from your iPod 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this, it doesn't work, it is a dud.  I'm using a Mac Mini, and this card is not working with Mac Mini.  Donut's are just better.  But donut's don't have the same warranty, donut have it's own serial number, so if this card dies it is your fault 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless. I've tried everything from Amazon and I still can't get the product to work. I am very disappointed in this product and Amazon should be ashamed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is defective. The only reason for a negative feedback is because I received it on time.  I ordered it for a trip to New York and it did not arrive until the day after I left.  If you are looking for an inexpensive product to keep your iPod player in working order, this one is a piece of junk.  Don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this adapter to have a more compact way to charge my battery.  Unfortunately, it does not hold a charge.  If you want to charge with the adapter while traveling, it would be a much better purchase for the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried three different brands of product from the same vendor. I've only been able to get them to work for a short time. It appears to be an issue with the serial number 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is good, but the cord is too short and breaks easily.  If you want to get a longer cord, buy the Sennheiser PX 300 which is longer.  The PX 200 only has one input which is fine for a headphone but not an amp.  PX 250 will also give you a longer input, but again it's not an amplifier.  Buy something else if you want the sound quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not as advertised, and it is not a replacement. The product does not hold up on a regular basis, and I will not purchase again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a dud, it does not hold my memory card in my iPod.  I am returning it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because it had a larger memory than my previous card, which was only 32GB.  It performed well for my first few games, but after a couple of games, I noticed that it would not hold all of the data in the game and would start to crash after a certain amount of games.  I had to go through a lot of troubleshooting to find the cause of the problem.  Eventually, I found that the memory in the card is not enough for the memory that I need.  So, I have to buy an entirely new memory for every game.  This card also does not have a memory card reader.  The card itself works fine, but the memory reader is useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card at first to replace a Sony card that died after only a month.  It worked for 2 months then stopped.  The card is barely usable now, and I will never buy Sony again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these products for my HP laptop.  But they did not work with my Dell XPS M110.  They did not even fit, so I returned them.  I bought some other products, so will try them tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable works fine for a while, then it stops working. I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the cheapest phone with no bells and whistles, but the sound is a little weak and not as nice as other phones.  The earphones aren't padded, so it's hard to get a good seal when you put them on.  It also takes a while to connect.  If you want a phone that has a better sound, try out the Motorola SB-800 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is useless. It does not work with my router.  I am an avid home user.  Do not buy this card.  The pictures do not come out.  Please buy the product from Amazon instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works fine for the first month or so. It starts and stops when you turn off the power to it. After that, it stops working.  The unit is also very noisy when it's running.  I think the noise is because the power is being drawn from the USB hub. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not as advertised.  I got it to work and then after 2 days it wouldn't power up.  If you don't care about a battery, just don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked well for a while, but then I started to get random static noise.  I returned it to Amazon and got a good Amazon electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with my HP printer.  I sent it back and will never buy another HP printer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not that useful.  It's a little more than twice the price of the item, but you are paying for a little extra performance.  The first time I used it, I didn't use the buttons very much.  I guess it is better for the average person, but if you don't like the buttons at all, don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product and it was not delivered 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item and was not impressed with it. I am sure the picture is fine, but the picture quality is poor, it is not as clear as other items I have owned. I did not like this item for it's price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the thing is garbage.  the picture is not that great 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this product for an external DVD player and have been very disappointed with the performance.  I purchased this product because of the fact that I wanted to use it to record some videos from my DVD player, but have had no luck with it yet 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description says that it can record all of the information on a CD but it does not do that. It only reads the CD's name and song information.  Don't buy this if you want a record player that can read the CD.  It does not record anything if the CD is scratched 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was advertised as having a remote that was similar to a Kinesis Remote but it is not.  The remote buttons on this product are actually more like a cross between a push button and a button.  This product does not have a remote button that allows you to program a programmable sequence of buttons.  You can use it to program up to four buttons at a time but it does not allow you to set the buttons to do different things 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product because it was advertised as the "best product in the world".  Not so much.  It just doesn't work.  If you have to listen to your music for long periods, you're in trouble 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would have given it 5 stars, but they did not deliver a replacement. I returned it, and I will never use this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm an AT&T customer and have been buying phones from them for the past 5 years. I am no longer with them. I was very surprised to receive this phone. I would have to return it to get it repaired. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture was blurry and the sound was weak. The buttons are all not that easy to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an ugly CD player, I have to keep the unit in the car, because it has a nasty scratch mark on the side.  I will never buy a Panasonic product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a pair of this product (A15+M1) that I purchased last summer.  They worked well until I got a battery problem.  After that, the sound stopped, and my DVD player would not play anything.  I returned it, and bought a similar one that worked better.  It worked fine for a couple of months, then stopped, but still stopped playing DVDs.  This is why I don't buy the PDA line of batteries from Amazon, as they are so unreliable.  The only other PDA I ever owned was a Panasonic PDA (A11M1), which lasted for 6 months.  Do not buy the Panasonic batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has been a while since I've purchased an iPOD, so I figured I'd take a chance and check out the other iPOD's on the market. The difference in sound is really noticeable.  But I must warn you  the sound is not as strong as I thought it was.  My previous iPOD (which was much more expensive) has a more satisfying sound.  So I don't think I will ever buy this model again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product has failed miserably.  its not worth the money and its not as useful as my previous one.  i bought it at walmart for a few bucks and it broke in about 2 days.  the antenna works fine but the volume control is a little flaky.  if you use it to turn the volume down the sound quality is actually worse.  dont waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has very few options and is difficult to use.  The battery does not last long.  I use the charger and it is very difficult to keep the unit plugged in.  A few weeks after the battery dies, the unit automatically stops working.  There is no replacement battery available for this unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item expecting a better than average sound quality, but not only did it fail miserably, it was also very difficult to use.  The sound was ok, but the software required to adjust the volume, pan and panning were difficult to understand.  There are better options out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit does not work well. I was having trouble getting it to work and was just looking for a good alternative.  I ended up getting a $20 cheaper model and that worked fine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case isn't big enough, and the memory is too small.  I will return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my son.  It worked for one day.  Then it stopped working and the card was returned to me.  I thought I had an item defective in it, but since I don't use the card anymore, I cannot recall it.  You can't return the card unless you have a replacement.  There is a bad card here.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item for a PC running Windows XP. It worked OK for a few days, but then it would stop working. I am very disappointed with the product and am returning it to the manufacturer for a refund. I will try another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing is so bulky and not very strong 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as replacements for the discontinued K3S USB stick.  After installation, they did not work.  I was very disappointed because they are very similar to the K3s but have a different product number.  The only way to use these would be to use a power strip to transfer the content to your PC.  You can buy a cheap power strip at Radio Shack or Amazon and use it to transfer content to the stick for playback.  Don't waste your money on these 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was advertised as an MP3 player and was not that.  We got it as a gift for our 2 daughters, and it didn't work at all.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A few months ago I bought this product.  Since then I have not received any kind of response.  I emailed the manufacturer and they did not respond.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because it is a little shorter than the normal ones you can buy at the stores. I got it, and it worked fine for the first couple of weeks, but after that it stopped working.  It's probably because I'm using a Macbook Air, but I've read that some Mac's have problems with the USB-to-firewire cable, so maybe this is a Mac problem, or maybe this cable is not meant to work with Mac computers.  Don't buy this unless you plan to use the Mac with this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was not listed as an item included with the purchase.  Customer service is very poor and I received a very rude and unhelpful response.  I am glad I did not order this item!  I would advise not ordering from them, they do not offer the warranty as stated on the item.  If you want something that will keep your hard drive going, buy a brand new hard drive from another manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return it as it had stopped functioning. I don't know why. I am in no way an electronic device guru but it is a major waste of time.  The cable is too short and the sound quality is too weak 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted a cheap way to keep my HD from going kaput.  I don't like it and it's very noisy.  There are better products out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit does not support 4G LTE.  The 4G feature is missing in the options menu and you have to switch to 3G instead.  I have only had the unit for a month so it is a little early to give up on this unit.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone works ok but the sound is very weak.  I would not buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an Apple Mac, so I have a lot of things that I use every day.  In my case, I just recently upgraded to Mac OS X and I need a USB storage device to copy some of my documents and photos to the computer.  It worked fine for about a month until I accidentally pressed the eject button.  I ended up losing all my photos and documents on the Mac.  The Mac still works, but it's a big waste of money and I won't buy from Apple anymore.  If you are going to use a USB device for transferring documents and pictures to a Mac, make sure it has a built-in battery to recharge it when it is not in use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it failed to function.  I am going to try again tomorrow with different manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these anymore. They are very slow and have a tendency to fail at the start of your use.  They are more expensive than the cheap ones I was buying at the same store and don't seem to have a case.  I was going to get them anyway, because I don't have a lot of money to waste on these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would rather pay $15 for a good item rather than spend the $25.00 extra for this.  I do not have an Ethernet connection and do not use this product.  It would be nice if you could charge the unit if you do not own a cable.  Do not buy this product!  I will never buy another brand product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to get it working with my laptop.  I had to reboot it a couple of times because the software didn't recognize it.  It doesn't work on Windows Vista, either.  So I returned it. I have an HP laptop, so I know what I'm doing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure what this product is.  If you're buying from Amazon, make sure to get the Amazon Prime version 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this and it is terrible.  I bought this because my iPod was playing songs and it wasn't.  It played all of the songs and then stopped.  Don't waste your money.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product because I was out of warranty and needed to buy a spare mouse. I did not think it would be worth it to buy this mouse when I could get a better mouse elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was cheaper than other brands. However, after I put in my DVD player, I got a bad smell in my TV. I have to take it out and clean it every 2 weeks or so. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver works OK, but the volume is a bit odd. You can't tell the difference between 50 and 80. The buttons aren't very intuitive. They're just not as responsive as the ones on the Pioneer VSX-908D.  I'm giving it a negative rating because the volume doesn't sound great, and I have to constantly restart the receiver in order to get it to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not the best.  Don't buy this, you will not like it.  It's hard to use.  If you have any money to spare, don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a little slow, the only thing that is a real problem is that it's very bulky.  It's probably not worth the money, but it's worth mentioning 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an HP Chromebook and wanted to take advantage of the new feature of the touchpad.  However, the software for the mouse does not support scrolling so I was unable to use it.  I had to install the mouse on my laptop which was quite a hassle.  Overall, I would not recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a very happy customer.  The sound is great, however it is very annoying to keep it connected to your laptop all day long 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work with my laptop!  I emailed them a few days after receiving the product and they said I would receive a refund.  What a joke!  The product is a dinky piece of plastic that is not designed to hold up with the rest of your laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for about 2 months and it has stopped working.  If I try to charge this with a different type of battery, it will not charge.  I contacted the company and they told me that it is a defect with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm pretty sure this is an O-line version.  I bought this cable and it is the worst thing I've ever seen.  The sound is really crappy and the connector isn't very strong.  If you buy this, don't expect a long lasting cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item on sale for a 30-50% discount. The product itself is not good, but the software that came with it was awful.  You would be better off spending the money on a brand new card, which will be a hassle to set up, but will solve 99% of the problems with the card.  Don't buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product on the 24th of February.  After one day of operation the CD player is not functional.  I would never buy this product again.  It works fine, but I am glad I tried it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product, but then found that the battery was not included. I had to purchase an additional battery for it. The unit itself works fine, but the battery itself is very unreliable. I have used it for over a month and it will only hold a few minutes when I turn on my computer. I recommend getting a higher quality battery if you want to use this product for long periods of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money.  We use a Mac with an optical drive and have had no problem with it.  But this drive is just not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed an SD card to play my mp3s, but my Sony SD card would not boot up.  I returned it and received a new card, but still no boot up in either of my mp4's!  Don't waste your money on this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not sure if the battery was good, but the picture was horrible. I used the camera a couple of times and had to use the power button to reset the timer, which took a little while. I thought it was a problem with the camera itself, but when I got my camera back, I found the battery did not hold any charge at all. I had to charge it to 100% to get any pictures. I will be buying a cheaper battery to avoid this problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife and she used it for a few months. It does the job but is very slow to use. I wish it would have worked because I'm using a PC and this would be much faster to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is not great.  It's a lot louder than I expected.  But the problem is that the volume control is not functional.  I could only control the volume, not the sound!  If you don't like loud music, this product is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a waste of money. It does not come with the case.  I am not sure what other company makes this case, but they do not 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for a small office printer and it was not working at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A couple of months after I received the product I discovered that the "Dock" is actually a part of the unit and that it is not removable, even though it's labeled as such. I also discovered that it would not work with my Mac.  If this is a real problem I would suggest contacting Amazon about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product to do my job and keep the TV from getting scratched.    Unfortunately it has proven to be very unreliable.  If you don't need it then buy a cheaper product.  I had to return it because of this.  There are some other brands out there that are much more reliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is the first time I've had to return a printer, I'm not a printing aficionado.  I've only used it once and the color was a bit of a let down.  The printer just seems to be a bit too slow to print from the cartridge.  Not much room to error here.  If you need to print something really small or if you're using the color paper, you're probably out of luck, but otherwise, this thing is just a bit annoying.  You may have to get a print from a different printer in order to print out the document you want to print. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed a phone that I could hold and use while I'm driving.  It's a little pricey for what it is, but I have had problems with it before.  The main problem is that the buttons don't always stay pressed when you turn them on.  I have gotten it to work once, but then after a while, the volume buttons stopped working.  Other than that, it's ok.  But then you have to turn it on to make a call.  Don't waste your money on this phone.  Amazon has better products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless and not worth the money. The sound is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card to use in a laptop and it worked fine for the first couple of days.  The next day it stopped working.  I'm not sure what the problem is 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these at an online store and the ones that I received are not working with my laptop. I have a HP Pavilion laptop and am having a hard time trying to get it to work with these adapters 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is not very good. I can only get one or two of them to play at all. I have to turn up the volume and hope it is not too loud and my speakers are too small 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After several years of use, my printer broke and I couldn't get it to do anything but printing the first few pages. The warranty claims I can return it and get it fixed.  So I decided to get a printer from Amazon instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is fine but the sound is not. I have to plug it into my computer to listen to the music 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the product online and was told it would be delivered by the next day.  I called the company the next morning and the rep told me it would not be until the next week.  It took me over a week to get the product and it had not arrived.  The rep told us that they would have to send the product back to us because they had no control over the shipping.  No big deal, but it was a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as a replacement for a CD player that died of neglect and broke.  I must admit that the product works.  However, the picture quality is not so great as I expected.  It was not very crisp at all, and the only thing that works is the play/pause function.  The sound was ok.  Very low volume.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my product in three days after ordering. It was broken in the middle, the electronic device came in the mail with no receipt. I emailed the manufacturer. The reply stated that I needed to return it, which I did.  It was returned and it is now broken.  The only reason I gave them a negative rating is that I had to return the product and the customer service is bad 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a bad problem.  If you plug in the charger to a car charger, the charge will stop and go back to 100%.  If the car is off the charger, this is a bad charger.  I will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this product for a few months and it broke after only a few weeks.  I returned it and purchased another product, which is just as reliable.  The case is cheap and flimsy, which makes the whole thing prone to breakage, and the product itself isn't worth the money, it's just a disposable case.  It's a shame that this product isn't as durable as I'd hoped, as it cost me about $40 more than a similar item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted to keep the SD card in the camera.  The SD card is in the bottom of the camera and you have to pull the camera to change the settings.  You also can't use the SD to play any other SD media.  I also bought the SDXC version which has the same card but has a slot in the front to use the card.  There is also a small SD card holder which is not very sturdy.  Don't buy this product unless you want to keep your SD card inside the camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the price.  The sound is too much like the product I had at the store.  I have had this product for about a month now.  It is only a $6 item and the sound is far too poor.  If you are in need of sound like the one at the market then buy a cheaper product like the Bose product.  You will be happy with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a similar problem with the Sony MP-TC1 and it lasted me a week or so.  They are much more difficult to use than the ones I had with Sanyo brand.  The sound is ok, but not as good as the Sanyos.  I will be returning this product to Sony. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Panasonic DVD player and I can not get it to work with any other DVD player I have that uses an HDMI port 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to hook up my new Sony MP-3 player to my iPod.  The iPod is in the car and the car radio comes on.  You can't turn it off.  I got it anyway.  It doesn't work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable itself is a very nice looking product, but the connectors are cheap and don't hold the cable well. The connectors are a tad flimsy, and I can't imagine they would hold a good cable for long, let alone a small one.  I think the connector would have been better if it was metal, since they are rubber. I'm sure that if they were metal they would have held a little better.  If you have a lot of cables you'll want to invest in something that holds a lot, otherwise I'd recommend spending a little more for a proper cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product on Amazon.com and it works as advertised.  However, it is VERY slow, even when you're downloading large files, and it has a high input latency, so you can't use it to do much more than view a text file.  I'll return it, and I'm glad Amazon has offered a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would be a nice addition to my home stereo system.  The problem is that it's an RF device.  It transmits radio waves.  I purchased an RF-Tek RF-700.  My antenna is also made by RF-Tech and it is not compatible with this product.  There is no option to connect an RF to this product at all.  If you want to use this product, buy an RF product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a big fan of this product, just not worth the money.  I've had a few crashes and it would randomly stop responding.  It does work, but you're paying for the convenience.  If you're looking for a good product, you'll be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK, but the software is not intuitive.  The software can not be loaded to a USB device so you must use an external player, or use a browser to load the program on the PC.  It is not possible to set the volume level to zero or to change the playback speed or sample rate.  I recommend buying a different device with a better sound/software combo, or just stay away from this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to use as a backup player.  It worked fine for about a month, then started failing to play my DVD's, so I returned it.  Don't waste your money.  I recommend you buy an external player. The only positive review I can offer is the item was in good condition.  The box was a little scratched up, but that was nothing a little WD-40 couldn't fix.  You can't beat Amazon for free shipping, but if you're a serious player you're probably better off buying a player that has more memory or some kind of protection against dust or scratches 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card to play Xbox 360 games and use my DVD player and Blu-ray player.  Unfortunately, it does not play my games well.  The discs are very scratched.  I am also having problems with Blu-rays and DVD's.  They won't eject.  No replacement card is offered.  So I am returning this product.  If I ever need a DVD or Blu-Ray player, I will buy a Sony card.  Buy Sony! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted to have a compact mp3 player that was easily accessible.  It has the same problem as many other products: no case, no batteries, no cover, and a cheap plastic shell.  Buyer beware.  Don't waste your money.  You won't be pleased 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a waste of money. The product is very slow. I bought two of them, but neither worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed a printer to print my work.  I purchased the printer and received a defective cartridge.  Do not waste your money on this printer! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received this product and it is very disappointing.  The unit is very unreliable.  I have had to restart it twice within a short time because the dialing process would freeze up.  It would not dial out.  Very disappointing! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable in February and had to return it because the product is not fully functional.  I had to use an extension cable to get the signal to the TV.  Very disappointing because I paid a lot for it.  This is the second one that I have returned 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money, buy something else. I just received it today and it's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just had a bad booker. I thought I had purchased a better one. But, it is a terrible product. I was able to get only 5 songs and I had to stop it to get it to work again. It would not play songs for more than a few seconds. I will never buy this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed an external DVD player to watch some DVDs and also to have a remote control with a nice look to use it.  But the remote is not very easy to use.  It has to be pressed for a couple of seconds and then it works fine, but it is so slow that I don't really have the feeling that I'm using it right.  So if I donot have the time to use the remote, I'm not really sure what I'm doing with my DVD player.  I tried it on a DVD that I got at the store.  They have the same problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not good. It is too loud, and it is too much trouble to listen to it.  I was told that it was not the sound quality, but the sound volume.  But the sound is very low, so it is not a problem for listening to a good CD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would say that this card is a big disappointment. It did work, but the software was buggy and would not work with my system, and the card was unusable.  If you have a good card and don't mind installing it, this card will work. If you don't have an option or choice, I would suggest a cheaper option 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is really bad!  There are a few other options out there that are better than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem is the battery. It takes about a week to charge. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not as advertised. I returned it because I wanted to use a cheap printer to print some photos 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT cheap.  The case is very uncomfortable to use.  I have used the product for two days and not once have I been able to remove it from the case.  This is a huge shame, as this product is supposed to be a luxury item.  Maybe this is an indication of how this product performs.  Don't buy this case.I can't say for sure, but it does look as if it may be prone to bending or breaking, if dropped a few times, etc.  It also does not hold up to the task of holding it against the TV as it is being stored on the table. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not as advertised. The sound is very low. The microphone is not very comfortable and you must hold it to listen. It's a big waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works, but not very well. I had to write a negative negative review because the product description on Amazon was a bit misleading.  I have purchased several cases for my Sony product and have had no problems, however the Sony case that came with this product was defective.  It was not shipped with any case to protect the product, and therefore, it had to be sent back to Sony for replacement.  The return process took about a week, but I paid for shipping because I could return it that quickly.  In short, I would never buy another case from Sony, even though they have excellent service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is great but it has one big problem.  The battery that comes with it can't be replaced if you have lost it.  I lost mine and it will never charge again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this card for a month now.  The first day I plugged it in, it wasnt detected.  Next day, it again wasnt discovered, even after it had been fully powered on and the card had been running for a few minutes.  I contacted EVGA, and they were not helpful.  So I returned it.  They do not warranty this card.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason i bought this product was because it was free shipping.  The product did not arrive until 2 days after I ordered.  I am very disappointed.  It is a very low quality product and the customer service is the worst I have seen.  Buyer beware. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because I didn't have the proper amount of space to store my DVD player and the ones I had were too big for my DVD case.  They worked fine for a while until the case started to wear out.  I just returned them and bought the ones at Radio Shack instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first time I've owned this product.  It is very unreliable.  The only way to get it working is to unplug it, put it in the charger and put it back into the unit.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this phone for over a year and it's finally broke.  The sound is terrible.  I thought it might be an antenna problem, but it's just not.  You can get better reception with an antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not a pro customer, but I'm a very experienced one, so I figured out how to use this, and I'm now having the same problem with the other brand product, too!  The product works fine, but not at all if you're using it in the car.  I've had to take my phone and put it in a different place in the vehicle because the sound will cut out completely, if you try to use it at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this CD player, expecting it to be a great deal.  I was wrong.  The unit is very weak.  It plays most music, but if you want to have a decent CD player this isn't it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad case for an iPOD!  It is not strong enough to support my iPod!  I could only fit my iPod in with one hand and then it was very difficult to remove the case without bending or breaking!  The case is too small for the iPod.  You can only fit the case on with one finger!  If you want to keep your iPod intact, go for something larger 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is junk. I was hoping it would be something I could get on sale because I use this card for all my electronic device.  the card itself does not work. it is a pain in the neck to set up. the product itself is worthless. if it were me I'd buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has poor sound quality. I do not know what I am looking at.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player in this case is a $50.00 model.  That's what I got.  It is an optical player and will not play CD's.  I called Amazon to ask for help and got a bad review about another player.  Amazon told me they can not replace defective equipment.  Do not buy these.  They will not work.  Don't waste your money on them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had this one for a short time.  I used it to connect a CD player to my printer.  It worked fine for a while, but after a while the printer was no longer able to print.  The software has no support for CD and no way to do anything to reset it back to normal.  You have to go into the printer settings to reset the CD player.  Don't buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's ok.  It worked ok, but it was a pain to connect to the printer, and when I do, the printer does not get to its full speed.  I would give it 1 star because it's so easy to use.  But, if you're going to buy a printer, buy the ink cartridge.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the price tag! The sound is poor and the memory is extremely small! I would never buy one of these products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't bother with these. The card itself is not worth the $.50.  They do not even come with any kind of instructions.  There are three pictures on the site that show you how to use the card, but not the card itself.  If you really want one, just buy a cheap flash card instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as a replacement for my Sony digital audio player.  It worked ok for a while, but then it would stop working.  I called Sony, which was kind of a hassle, but eventually got a replacement player.This is not a good product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product today and it is not working, and it's so far from being able to operate that it's very frustrating to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card itself is pretty cool, but the scanner is just not very reliable.  If you want to scan through many copies of your music and have to wait a while for a scan to finish, this product is not for you.  I have been through a lot of scans and have not seen one come out without a ton of errors.  My card died after 30 scans (I am not using this card as a replacement for a bad scanner).  If I were you I would stay away from this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been looking for a good electronic device for a while now.  After much searching and trial and error I found this product at Best Buy and decided to buy it.  It was the same as the other products in that it was not an item with any warranty.  I was surprised to find that it is not able to pass the "dust test" which is meant to protect your product.  In addition, the cable is very expensive.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product for my home computer to have a CD player in my home office.  The player is very difficult to use and the sound quality is very poor.  Not much use for a portable player.  I will be returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst sound card I've ever had to use. I tried different software to make it better, but it still sounds awful. The volume is very low and it makes the sound of the TV very choppy.The sound card only lasts about a year on a bad card, so I don't know if it is the card itself that is making the sound, or if it's the software 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a shame to find that it only works in the U.S. market.  I had a friend who had a Sennheiser PX-2 for a couple of years and it worked fine in his country.  So, I thought I'd try a SENNheiser Q7.  The picture was terrible and it couldn't even record with its built-in microphone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. I was sent it by Amazon and was disappointed. I will not buy from Amazon again. I am using an HP DL-600 and love it, so I will try Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is just a low end version of an HP PowerConnect 2 with a different name.  I bought this thinking it would be the answer to my data acquisition problems.  However, I got it and it is just as fragile as the HP one.  The HP product works better and is more convenient for me but this product isn't worth the price.  This is a bad product and HP should be ashamed of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would give it a bad review if it wasnt a great electronic device.  If you need a USB flash drive that can be used in your laptop, then you will be happy with this drive.  The USB drive does not come with an SD card, so you will have to buy one if you intend to use this device in your Mac.  This USB drive isnt small, it isnt cheap, and its capacity is not sufficient for the average person's needs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the mic is okay, but the sound quality is pretty crappy.  I bought the product because it was the only one I could find in my price range at the time.  But I now find that the sound output is only adequate for about 5-6 hours before the sound is reduced to something that I can't even notice.  So I would return the mic 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this product and got it working. The problem is that it does not turn off in cold weather, which is a big problem with the product.  The software is slow and I had to go back to the software for the previous model and change the cold weather code.  It will not even work in summer time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very expensive for what it is.  The product is junk.  Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works well, but is not as easy to use as the other brand, or most of the other ones in the market.  The software is a little cumbersome.  It requires some finagling with the controls to get the system to operate properly.  For a $20 product, why is it so difficult to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would like to buy another one that will work.  The problem is that the headphones only fit one way.  You need to rotate the headphones to the opposite side of your head to make them sit in the correct way..... If you don't do that you will get a very loud sound and no bass.  Don't waste your money unless you are ready to change headphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit because it had a 5MP camera.  But it did not work out because the camera had to be mounted on the base of the unit to operate the shutter.  It is very hard to hold the camera steady while you shoot.  If you want to shoot in very low light situations, you'll have to mount the camera on a tripod, which is a waste of time.  I would not buy this item again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very skeptical about this product, but after trying it, I have to agree with others who say this product is garbage.  I have only had it a short time.  The sound is quite weak and I am constantly getting feedback.  It does not offer any protection from interference.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item on November 24, 2008 and received it on March 9, 2009.  It has not been worked on since.  I have emailed Amazon twice and have received no response.  Amazon should be ashamed of itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone thinking that it was a replacement for my Sennheiser PX-3. Unfortunately, it is not. It is a great phone, but it is nothing like my PX. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I would like to have was an option for the memory card to be able to be used as a removable SD.  I have tried to get it to work with both the SD card and the memory cards, but neither work very well, so I will have to use the SD slot on the back of the unit to remove the SD cards to have it work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product to replace my previous Sony CD player and it did not work!  I am now looking for something else to use with my Sony CD's.  I have been using the Sony DVD player with my CD player for the past 2 weeks.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this is because I was looking for a compact radio that would work with my iPod.  The radio only fits the iPod mini, and that's a problem because the mini has an RF antenna which is used to send signal to the radio.  Don't waste your money on this radio, and if you do decide to use it, do not forget to remove the antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used a few different ones over the years.  I'm a newbie to this one and am very disappointed.  It is very unreliable.  Not at all.  This product is not worth the money.  Do not buy.  The customer service is great but the warranty is a joke.  You need to know that your equipment is not broken when you receive it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is ok for the price.  The buttons are not tactile, they don't respond at all.  Other than that it is not worth it.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I don't like about this card is that the size is tiny and you will be limited to using the card in a portable device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am disappointed in this product.  This product was not of any help when trying to print out an 8" floppy.  If you are trying to create a big file, then the product will only hold your 8" piece.  You will have to purchase the product with a larger piece that will fit your 8".  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for a few months now and I can tell you it is not very reliable.  I tried it twice on a very slow connection and both times it dropped my data.  So for the money I am getting for this product I should be able to get better than this product.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not compatible with the Macbook Pro. The sound is not the same as the one from my MacBook Air. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total fail, no matter how much you use it.  It is very expensive, and if you don't have a ton of memory, it will be very slow.  I had a lot of memory on my laptop, and it would only load a couple of games.  If you are going to buy it, make sure you know what you're doing, because it is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable is fine and has enough capacity to carry all the games, but the connection is not strong and you have to turn it on and off all the time.  I will return it as soon as I can get another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for a friend who uses it regularly and it is very uncomfortable to use.  It works fine for most of the time, but it gets hot to the touch, and the battery will last less than an hour before it's about to die.  The product does not have a case or any type of protection, so if you drop it, the batteries will probably catch fire 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is horrible!  I am buying a second one and will not use this product.  It would be great if it would only have a couple hours charge instead of the 20 hours!  Also it would be nice if this was USB 2.0 instead of USB 3.0!  If it only had 20 hours of life, then it would work!  The company should be ashamed that they made this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for a Sony PSP.  It is great for the first few weeks.  However, it has not been very reliable.  I have had it crash several times.  The last crash was on my last trip, and it didn't even boot the first time.  Don't get this card if you intend to use it for any other purpose than PSP games, especially not for your PS1.  You can get a much better card for half the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not good.  It has a small antenna, and that antenna is so small that I can't get it to work with any radio I use, even the ones that have a full antenna, like the Yamaha YM-FM2.  I am very disappointed with this product.  You will be better off buying an inexpensive product from Radio Shack 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not going to waste my money on this one because I was looking at other options for my DVD player and found them to be much better!  The player has very low sound quality. It's not the sound quality that I'm worried about, it's the picture that I can't see.  It's the black screen.  The sound is ok, but not great, it has no volume and has a slow response.  I would not buy this player again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone for my wife's birthday, but the reception is terrible.  It's barely usable.  I am currently out of options, and I have no other phones in my household that will accept it.  The only other phones I have that work with this one is my wife, who has the older model and was just recently replaced.  Don't buy this phone if you want reception! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is a complete waste of money, if you are on the fence about an optical drive for your laptop. It's ok, but not great.  It is a pain to use and the manual is useless, if not completely useless.  If you want something that can fit your laptop, you will be better served buying an optical DVD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a big disappointment. I bought the item and received it a week later. I have had it for about 2 months and am trying to return it to Amazon.com 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this for my wife and I use this to connect a PC and iPod to my TV. It worked for a few months, but then stopped working. It would sometimes just turn off and on.  I bought it as a replacement for an old iPod that was getting in the way, but it has never worked for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok but I have to return it.  It has no memory, no play time, and no software.  I will not purchase another one of these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy the product, if you don't have a cable with a long enough length.  I have the shortest version of this cable, and I could not get it to fit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a cable to connect my Sony DVD player to my DVD player.  I could not find any that I could buy anywhere.  Then I found the Panasonic S-300 which had an easy to install, inexpensive cable that was made in Taiwan.  But it was too expensive for what I needed.  So I decided to go with the S-100 which is much more expensive but provides a great quality product and it does work!  But not quite as well as the Panasonic product.  It has a different connector (the S-200) and that has a shorter length that will be necessary for some DVD players.  Don't get the S300 unless you know what you're doing and are willing to do some research 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product for my laptop.  However, I can not use it due to the problem of a broken connection.  I am trying to return it as soon as possible to get a replacement.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player I ordered was a little bit out of stock when I received it.  The price of the CD player was reasonable for the amount of service.  However, the player is broken!  The connector is not compatible with the one included with the CD case.  I returned the CD to Amazon and I will not purchase from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After just a few months with the product, it stops working. The first time it worked, the battery is draining the battery life. It is now in the 50% range. This product is a total disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is a real piece of junk.  The player has no auto mode.  I bought it thinking it had CD player features.  It has none.  Do not buy from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was delivered to me by USPS with an unopened box. i had to wait three days to open the box and remove the card from it. it is so difficult to remove the tape that it makes it impossible to take photos without it being damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return the item because the printer kept failing. I was not happy with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife and they don't work. I get about 2 seconds of use per day. I would give it to a friend because it's not worth the hassle. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this antenna on my car.  I am very disappointed in it.  The antenna does not work on my vehicle.  It does not pick up the stations from other cars that I have had the same antenna on and it does not broadcast on the FM stations I have in my car 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After reading the reviews, I thought this product was the best I could find.  However, the cable it came with is actually very long and unwieldy, and it is very fragile!  The product itself is fine, but the product packaging is very poorly designed and very expensive! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is worthless! The sound is not great.  You will have to return this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for a very inexpensive HP printer and ended up with a big headache.  I am a novice printer user and am having a hard time finding out if this printer is compatible with my printer or not.  It is very hard to get the screen to turn on with the light.  If you are trying to print in low light it can take forever to get through the screen.  This is a problem since the price of the printer is so cheap.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player has the problem with the player's speakers. The speaker in the player does not stay in the "on" position. The player can only be turned on and off with the buttons. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has been a disappointment. It is not even functional, it has been so badly damaged that it is unusable.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was defective and the DVD had to be returned. I don't know why, but this thing was so poorly made.  I think I'm out about $100, but don't ask me how.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not working and the packaging is defective. I am trying to return it to Amazon for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my DVD player.  The only thing that worked was to cut it, which made it a total failure.  Not sure how this was supposed to be anything more than an inexpensive cable.  I will not be purchasing this cable again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with the sound quality of this product.  The sound is quite dull and not as strong as the sound of my HPE.  I have only had this product for a few weeks, so I can't say for sure.  However, it was a major headache to get the drivers to work, and the software did not help much.  Maybe HP should have sold this item as an upgrade rather than a replacement, instead of replacing their older equipment.  It's an improvement over their previous product, but I will never buy another HPE product again.  HP needs to realize this is a huge problem with the product, and they need to offer a full refund for their customers.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had a couple of these units in the past. They work OK but not great. I had a problem with one that had a power failure and I had to reset the battery to the original state before I could get a working unit. The other had a dead battery after I reset the power source. I wouldn't recommend buying this product unless you know what you're doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product, thought it would be nice to have something to protect my new HD DVD player from scratches. Boy was I wrong!  I bought it at WalMart, and it just fell apart after only 2 months!  Amazon was even worse!  If I had to do it again, I would get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so happy with the product that I bought it over the SDR card that I received for my wife.  It worked for a while and then stopped working.  I sent it back to Amazon and I still have not received a replacement card.  If you are using this card and you want to try again and you get an error message or an error with the card it is recommended that you use a SDR to check if the card works.  Amazon will not do it for you because they want you to try it on their site.  Do not waste your money.  This card was not worth the money for what it did. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the unit today and it's very slow and unreliable.  The card doesn't seem to work, but I will return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is not great.  The only way to get better sound is to invest in a better soundcard 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived and it is just ok.  The antenna that came with it is only 1.4 feet long and is not directional.  So unless you are a die hard walkie-talkie person, this is not worth the extra money to get another antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was advertised as the only iPod available.  It turns out it is not.  I sent it back and am now trying to return the replacement unit.  The other one is OK but the iPod doesn't work.  Don't waste your money on these.  Go for the new model. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These discs have a very bad reputation. I was very disappointed when I opened them up and found that one had a small crack in the top, while the other had a big crack in it. I'm sure it was a manufacturing defect but I would never buy a new disc if I knew they had such a problem.  I've never had a problem with them before and they were clearly not meant for the new digital media player I just bought.  Don't waste your money on these discs. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product expecting it to be good but the sound was just ok and not at all what I expected. I had to return it and they replaced it with a different one.  I'm sure it's a fluke but I'm not sure how else to explain it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is ok but not very fast.  If I wanted the fastest connection I'd get a 100% speed cable.  It's just a little slow.  The only good thing about this cable is the price but it's still not as good as other cables I've had 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is not compatible with my camera. i did not know about this at first. i used it for a few weeks and found out that it isnt compatible  with my Canon camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible with the DVD+RW format.  It will not play DVDs with the newer DVD+R formats and will not recognize any DVD+RAM drives.  If you want to play DVD+ROM or DVD+CD format, this is a poor product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because I wanted a larger battery.  The unit is great for the price but the batteries are too big.  I bought two of the 50v packs and they both gave me more than the one they shipped with.  It's very difficult to use the batteries and they don't last long enough.  Don't waste your money!  I will be returning this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these for my two Sony Ericsson D-700s and both have stopped working.  The one that is working is the one that has a built-in antenna.  I bought a different model which had no built-ins and it works.  So I can't recommend these, but I will be contacting Sony about this as it is not clear if this is a firmware problem or a software problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit to hook up a printer that didn't come with any software installed on it.  Since it is a printer, you have to set the printer to print and take it away from the machine, and that is a problem if you want to use it on multiple machines.  I would not recommend this product to anyone, because the product is not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my previous iPod. It did the job, but then I started having problems. First it wouldn't play my MP3 player. Then it wouldn;t charge my battery. And then it wouldn't boot up. I contacted Apple and they said that it was a defect in their new iPods. I should have seen a warranty because the iPod was made in China. I thought it was worth the money, but I didn't because I'm an idiot 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not much different from my other one. The difference is not enough to justify the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was as advertised and had all of the functionality of the original product but it came in very slow. I tried to send it back to Amazon but the seller is not willing to exchange it. The only positive thing is that the product was shipping without any problems.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable on Amazon to replace my previous one which died after a year of use.  The cable is not compatible with my Sony VAIO laptop, so I returned it.  However, I would suggest that the Sony VAO cable included in this set of cables be used instead of this one.  I can tell that it is not possible to connect the two to the same cable, so one has to be used for both the laptop and the TV, which is more than I like.  You would need two cables if you wanted to connect both the TV and the laptop.  Amazon does not offer this cable with the same specifications as the one that I bought on Amazon.  It does have the same length as the original one, but it has a more rigid construction and it is much harder to bend.  Don't buy this, I recommend Amazon's product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not fit my car.  I got it as a gift, and it does not work with my car's radio, either.  Don't waste your money on this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These speakers have great sound and they do not come with a built in power supply.  I will not be purchasing this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not exactly what I expected. It is very cheap. The only thing it does is it's a wireless card that is used to connect to a TV or something that is connected to the same network as the TV. This card does not have the ability to stream music to your PC from your TV. It does have the capability to stream to the network, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because the other one I had had an overheating problem.  It was working great until it started to get hot.  Then it stopped working and I had to return it.  I've returned several times and now have no use of this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product does what it's supposed to but it's so flimsy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works for the first few months, then the software crashes, then you have to pay for it again and it is useless.  Don't waste your money on this unless you have no other options 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought the item as a replacement for my broken HP Microdrive and it arrived very broken and unusable.  I am disappointed in this item and will not buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a lot of trouble getting this to work.  It does the job, but the software is awful.  I ended up just turning it off, unplugging it, and plugging in the other one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a little pricey, but it does the job. But the product has a very annoying design. I can't even open it up without it falling apart 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was not the same as the CD player in my car. I can't imagine why I got this.  It was loud and clear but the CD could not hold a steady stream.  You have to make sure the CD is in its case or else you'll have a problem with it.  The CD player was only good for one track.  I can see why some people might like this player but I do not 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is a joke. it doesn't hold the mp3 files. the only thing that holds the files is a piece of cardboard. it's not an mp3 player. it holds only two. one is the media player and one is a floppy disk. I was not able to use this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because it worked with my Dell Inspiron 7600.  Unfortunately, it did not work for the Dell Inspirion, because it only had a 6 pin connector.  I returned it, and I'm just now starting to get this problem fixed.  So far I've tried two different connectors and they still won't work.  This is the third time I've returned a Dell product because of this.  Don't buy this item if you intend to use it with the Dell.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product works ok.  the problem is that it's extremely loud.  when you use it to record a video, the volume changes drastically, making it hard to hear your voice.  if you do not use it for recording video, it's not loud enough 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recently bought this card because I was tired of being charged from an AC adapter which is always out of battery. I got it installed, but it did not charge.  I called the seller and they told me the card would not charge because the AC had been turned off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work on my Mac Mini, and I am sure other people have had the same problem as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product on four occasions and have not been satisfied with it.   It does not hold my printer as I had hoped.  I will be looking for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine for my Sony DVD player but doesn't work for my iPod. I'm not sure what is the difference between this product and the iPod player. I have a Sony DVD Player (DVC-2020P) and a iPod with the same model number 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my HP laptop with the warranty but was very disappointed when I returned it because the mouse did not work with my Windows XP.  I immediately returned the laptop and sent the mouse to a local repair shop.  They sent it back to me with a $15 charge for a new mouse.  The repair shop said that the mouse was defective and would be replaced but would cost me $25.  So I will be returning this mouse to HP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card to record the songs I play at my PC.  Unfortunately, the card worked perfectly, but the sound quality is atrocious!  It's almost unusable!  The recording quality is so low, that the sound becomes quite muffled, which is the opposite of what you expect to hear when recording music.  If you want to record your music, I recommend you purchase an Akitio card with a better sound quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with the latest version of Windows Vista. I have a HP Micro G3 and the same card worked just fine. I guess HP thought this card would be a good idea to release a new version of their product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not worth the money to buy this card for the $30.00.  It does not work.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item description said the product was "good" but the sound quality was poor.  I bought this item and it worked for about 2 months and then died.  Don't buy this item unless you know it works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very hard to use. I used my car to set it up and had it for 3 months, but the battery went dead on me and now I am stuck with a dead battery.  I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the price. I had to do a whole lot of searching and do some research on Amazon and eBay to find a good product. Amazon was the best I found and eBay was the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed. I got the unit with the memory and then found out that the SD card had been misplaced. So I had to buy another one.  Not happy at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is a little worse than I expected.  It's more than double the price of the CD player I bought at Amazon.  The product is ok, but if I could find something better for the money I would probably have bought it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is not good for the price!  I have an HP Deskjet 895.1 that I am very happy with.  I bought this phone because I had to have one.  This product just does not hold up.  It's very heavy, the screen is very fuzzy and the phone is very uncomfortable to use.  The sound quality is also very bad.  Please be aware that you will need to spend a lot of money if you want to get this phone! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was quite disappointed with this product.  The product did work for a while but it would not stay connected.  I returned it and bought a different product.... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the memory card, installed it and it started playing a few minutes. It did NOT work. After a few attempts it stopped playing. The only reason I didn't throw it away is because it was a gift to a friend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is slow, doesn't support ethernet, doesn''t have any kind of password protection. I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money, but if you have a good electronic device like a DAT1 or DAT2, it will do its job.  The CD-ROM works, but the sound is very weak, and I have to turn the volume up quite a bit to hear it, which is very inconvenient.  I've been in this boat a few times, and the problem was the same.  Don´t waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not as advertised. It does not record on the CD, but the CD player itself has a tendency to fail. It would stop recording when it would not receive any sound.  The CD player was purchased new, and had been stored in a garage for about three months.  I called the manufacturer, which is a bad thing for me.  Don't buy this product unless you plan to use it for one day and record to a CD.  It is a waste of money, and you should buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player works for about a week and then becomes very slow.  It gets worse every day.  You might want to consider buying a different player if you are not in a hurry.  I bought this player from Amazon because the seller's website said it would be shipped immediately and was within 2 weeks.  Amazon customer service told me it could take 5-7 days to get it back to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this for a CD player.  The sound quality was ok, but the connection to the player was very slow.  I have a soundbar and it is much faster.  If you are looking for something that will work with your soundbar, go with the Sony PDA-400.  For a CD, this one would be a great start.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does what it's supposed to, but the cables are cheap and they break after a few months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just wanted something for my wife's TV to use and not spend a lot of money on.  I bought it as a Christmas gift, and it worked.  Now I can't use it.  It's not fast, and the picture quality is poor.  Maybe I got a bad unit or something, but I'm not going to buy a refurbished unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card for my MacBook Air.  The card is very flimsy.  It's not that great, and I had to return it.  However, I have been a user of other brands of memory in my mac, and have had excellent results with the brand.  I do not recommend this product, but will not buy anything else unless they improve the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it lasted a week.  Don't waste your money.  It worked, but not as well as the item I had before.  I had to return the item.  If you are looking for a more robust card, buy something from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an electronic device that doesn't hold a charge.  You can only get it to stay charged for 30 seconds at most.  I have tried two chargers that work and both will not hold the charge 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is ok, but the card does not have any power.  You will get some light on your screen for about 10 seconds and then it shuts off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine for the first few days, but after about three months it stops working. The sound quality is acceptable, but I'm very disappointed in this product. I don't know why Sony would make a product like this (it's really just a poorly-made, overpriced piece of plastic). The customer service is extremely slow, and I just have to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an item from Amazon, I had to return it because it was not working with my laptop. Amazon can do better than this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the mic is a bit small, and the sound is not great. I will never buy any product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was the cheapest in the group, and I expected it to be good. But I've had a bad experience with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card has a very small footprint, but the picture is very fuzzy.  I bought this card to use my new Panasonic DVD player, but I don't have room to put it in the player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not the best sound, but its okay. The sound quality is so-so at best, and I got the wrong product. I was expecting a Pioneer DPA-HD600. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is very poor, no one has found it works at all.  no one will buy it for their computer because of this.  I wish I had never bought this product.  if it did work, then you would have no problem with it.  however, the product was defective, so I would suggest buying another product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product if you don't have an ethernet port or a lot of space.  It only has a 5.8' (1.1m) cable, which is not sufficient for connecting to a printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this to have a TV with a picture that could be viewed on my computer. I ordered it and it showed that I could only view the picture in landscape mode.  I returned it and the seller sent me a new one with landscape mode that was not a good electronic device.  Don't waste your money unless you want to waste it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little bit louder than expected, but not much better than the PDA500.  I'm using the PDC1000 with my home office PC and can't find any reason to use this one.  This one has an RF filter, which is nice, but the PDS500 has an antenna for picking up the FM stations.  The FM antenna is a little more directional than the one on the PAD200, which I guess would make the PPD100 more useful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned my HP TouchPad 9.7 and am really dissapointed.  I do not like that the mouse button is not clickable (you can only click on the mouse with your index finger).  I also find the button is very hard to press (too hard).  There is also a problem with the battery.  The battery is not removable.  It is a battery, not a mouse.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a good product.  I have used this product for 6 months and have not had a problem.  The product does not hold up to my use.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote is too small and the buttons are too small. I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these to put in my Sony CDA-Z700 DVD player.  Unfortunately, after 5 months, they broke.  I bought another Sony product, and they're still broken.  Sony should have known better than this.  Don't waste your money, get a generic product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money, I spent $20 for the product and only received the software to work for 3 weeks, and that was for a $1 upgrade to a software-only product from Amazon.  I would return this item for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item for my wife and it did not work. She did not like the fact that I had to pay for the return shipping. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is OK for the price.  But when I received the product it was sooooo floppy and floppy in the tray.  I couldn't even use it to store the CD.  The CD was so floppy and fragile 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are great, but they're not worth the $60 they cost. I've had mine for about two weeks, and it still hasn't worked.  I have a HP Laserjet printer, and when I try to print with this printer, it doesn't print anything at all.  You can't even print to it from your laptop or desktop!  I really hope this gets fixed.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a disappointment. I am not sure what else to write.  The card is extremely heavy, but the performance is the worst I have ever seen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these two months ago and have only used them a handful of times. They have been a complete disappointment! The sound quality is extremely bad and the battery is only about a week's worth! I am willing to take them back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is great.  I have only had it a week and am still having problems with it.  The volume knob is useless.  Also, the batteries are not very nice.  They seem to die very quick, so you have to keep replacing them.  It is not a great electronic device.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk. The product was not made by the manufacturer and has not held its weight. I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great electronic device but not reliable. I tried two cables, both with the same results. If you use the same cable to connect your speakers to both the iPod and your amplifier, the signal will degrade, usually to the point where the iPod becomes inaudible.The iPod is a nice product but it is hard to use the speakers if you don't have a power supply or an AC adapter.I recommend this product only if you are not using an AC adaptor 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to get a smaller TV, but unfortunately it is not a big deal.  It works ok.  The picture is a little bit fuzzy, but it is usable.  But I had to return it for refund because I can't believe they made such a huge mistake with this product.  I had a Panasonic plasma that looked much better and lasted longer than this one.  Don't buy this TV if you want a better TV.  Not a good buy for the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I can say is that this product is not a true USB hub.  It is a small plug that you plug into your computer and it is supposed to provide a port to plug your USB device into.  This hub is a lie.  I am using a desktop printer which is supposedly connected via the hub but no matter how hard I press the hub, it can't produce a connection.  The printer driver must be set to allow connections to your printer or else the printer will not be able to work.  No product is that easy to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are the worst headphones I have ever had. They get in the way, and they scratch easily.  If you want a cheap pair, these might be ok 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this CD-RW player as a replacement for an old Sony CD player.  Sony CD-RWs are now available for the same price.  Unfortunately, the unit does not work with any other brand of CD-ROMs.  It can read the Sony brand but not the Toshiba brand.  I am now trying to find a CD player that will work with the Toshibas and Sony brands. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the item and received the item a week later.  I was not pleased with the product, I would never buy a Panasonic product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy a digital device again after the last one.  The picture is very weak, and the screen is not the best.  I have had to use the product as an extra phone because I couldn't find the one in my area!  Don't get this product if you are on a budget 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work well with my Mac.  It can't find the CD or DVD drives, and it can't use the DVD player, which I use to burn CD's.  I'm still hoping it will get better.  There is also a lot of interference on my home network (I had a hard drive die).  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earbuds seem like they would be a great idea at first.  But they just don't fit, and sound is barely acceptable.  I had to return them because they did not fit.  There are also the same problem with the remote.  It's very flimsy, and it is not very accurate.  These are not worth the hassle or the money to get them.  If you need to listen to your music, I suggest you look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the TV with the antenna, then went to get the other items, all of which I paid extra for because I wanted the antenna.   I have to say this antenna is NOT worth it.  I wish I could return it but Amazon is very tight on refunds.  Amazon should have more refund options like the ones they have for other items. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is very unreliable.  Sometimes you get the connection and sometimes you don't.  I'm really glad I bought it, but I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these all the time, but the only problem I've ever had is that they don't hold a signal, so if you have to talk to someone on the other end, they'll cut in and out of the signal.  Other than that, I've had no problem with them.  The only reason I wouldn't recommend these is because you have a lot of the same issues with the Rokit.  I bought two of the first boxes and got three different ones, so I'm unsure if they'll stay in sync if you put them on top of each other or if they'd fall out each other if you tried to put them close to each other.  So if you want to buy them, get them with their own batteries! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and I just wish I could return it.  The product worked for a few months, but then just stopped working.  I called the customer service and was told to return the product to Amazon.  Amazon is a good electronic device, but I don't want to spend $25 return shipping on a bad product.  Please don't waste your money on this.  It's not worth the return shipping.  If you buy this, don't buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product works well for the price but there is no protection against dust and water, not even the option of wiping off the water marks that have accumulated.I am very disappointed in this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased and used the Sennheiser HD 800.  I bought it because of the excellent review that stated that the mic worked well in my studio and I was excited to try them out.  They were not.  The sound is muffled.  It is a bad mic! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed in this item.  It is almost useless.  The card reader is very difficult to use.  You will probably never use this card reader again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap product, with a big black screen. If you don't know what you're doing, don't buy it.  If you do use it, make sure you know what is your screen resolution and the brightness levels.  I used it for a few weeks and then lost it. I wouldn't buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very pleased with the sound quality of my Pioneer DVD player, however, when I used the remote to change channels and pause, it didn't work.  I have had it for about a week, but the problem is still there.  The problem is that the button on the remote does not actually make the change, the remote actually changes the channel.  If you press it twice it changes to the next channel, but if you press the button a third time, it actually pauses the program, so you can't get a channel to change to a different program.  What a terrible electronic device.  It is useless.  Don't buy this product, unless you're a newbie 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am using this for a very small player, but I'm sure that it is defective because of the sound. It is very noisy and not as clear as the sound from my iPod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it, and it was just as advertised. I can only hope that the rest of my stuff lasts longer, but I'm glad I don't have to waste my money on something like this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product on the advice of other users and found it was impossible to download and install software.  The product is not the product I expected from Amazon.  I will never buy Amazon products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit arrived at my door a week after I bought it.  It is in perfect condition, but I'm afraid I'll never get it to work.  I've got to replace my receiver.  This is my first problem with an SDR unit since I bought my first one (2 years ago).  I am now in the process of sending it back to Pioneer.  If they don't fix it, I'll buy something else.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife, who likes the ability to use the DVD player in the living room. It worked fine for about 2 weeks, but then the player started making a horrible clicking noise, so we gave it a few days to get back to normal.  I returned it, and am now stuck with the player that doesn't work.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the antenna is small and flimsy and does not have any kind of antenna reception. I bought the item because I didn't want to deal with antenna adapters and that was my mistake.  The antenna works well for a short time and then it falls off, which leaves me with no antenna reception at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a disappointment to me.  The screen didn't work.  I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not expecting the iPod to last a long time, as some of the other reviewers claimed, but when I bought it I was very disappointed.  It does not hold a charge, even for about 3 hours.  This is really a problem with the case.  You will never get it charged that way again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bit pricey for the product.  The first time I used the player, it kept playing but stopped.  A second time, it didn't play for 10 minutes and then stopped.I'll never buy a MP3 player again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does everything you could expect.  But it isn't any faster than any of the other USB ports I've used.  It's not even that good in terms of the connection speeds.  I'm not sure why you'd want a faster connection if you only have one port to use.  The design is very ugly, it's hard to find the port on the back for a different reason.  All in all, I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was a disappointment.  I purchased this product to replace an iPod that was broken.  This product did not work.  The first time I tried to play a CD, it would not play, even after restarting.  It then played all the songs in the CD, but only the first song.  There was also a problem with the shuffle, I have not seen this problem in any other product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These speakers sound terrible. They don't even stay in their own volume.  Don't buy these speakers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product thinking it would be a good product. I've had it for about a week now and it has not been as reliable as I would have expected.  It was very hard to turn the radio on in the car, and I had to return it.  I will not be buying anything from Radio Shack again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to run my HD DVD player and only had a few days to use it.  It worked OK for a few weeks, then stopped.  I emailed Amazon and they sent me a new one and sent it back.  The new one works fine, but the disc player is not very strong so it will not survive for very long on this one!  I will be returning the first one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a couple of months I started getting noise and interference. It works fine now but now I've had to replace it with the original one. I'll keep looking but I'm not looking to go back to that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm glad I ordered this, but it is a piece of junk.  It's a little on the small side, but is still not easy to get into the slot! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's very nice, but it is very flimsy.  It is not worth it if you want to store your DVD or DVD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was ok, but the CD player was unreliable.  I would have to use the remote to find the song, and the volume would drop drastically 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these in January, and have had some problems with them.  They don't work with the latest version of the software.  I got a refund and will be going elsewhere for a better model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife and her friends and they were all disappointed.  They worked ok but they are too small for the TV and the buttons are way too small to use with your finger.  We would return them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a couple weeks of use and no problems, I noticed the volume and input sensitivity buttons were missing.  They have to be pushed down for the volume to increase.  The buttons are also very difficult to find.  I'm looking for another remote that is more compact, has a higher input sensitivity (i.e. less to do to locate them) and a better menu selection.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money. Not as good as the Sony DVD.  Don't buy this if you plan to do a lot of DVD/CD/DVDRW media transferring.  I use a different player and it works better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is a dud. i have been unable to use the player  without the player shutting down in the middle of a play.  also, i have only had it a couple of weeks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a piece of junk, there is nothing to like about it. The buttons on this product do not have an auto turn off feature, so if you want to switch off your iPod while listening to a song, you will have to press the button again to switch it off.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money, poor electronic device, not very strong. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a Samsung S6 in June 2008, and had to return it in March 2009 due to the poor sound.  The sound quality is now quite good (if that's what you're looking for), but the CD player still doesn't work properly.  I'm using it as an MP3 player now, and it will no longer play CDs.  Not a big deal for someone who buys a lot of MP3 players (I do), but it was a big disappointment for me.  So, I'm just going to return my old player, and not buy one of Samsung's from now on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  The antenna does not have any protection, and it is very difficult to mount.  I am very disappointed with this item.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came damaged.  I contacted the customer service about the problem.  They sent me an RMA (return-mail) for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item at Amazon and had to return it because it would not connect.  I had the original connector with the metal clips to clip the phone to the charger.  It's still not working and Amazon won't give me a refund.  Amazon should know better than to sell this item when there are other options out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no problem with this product, except that it worked for a week and then died.  So I bought a different brand of memory.  This memory card does not work in any of my computers, including the HP XM2000.  I am not a tech person, but I would rather buy a brand that actually works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting it to work, but it is very difficult to operate. I had to reset it on several occasions to make it work, and even then it does not work. It is very frustrating to have to go through all the trouble to get this product to work.  I would never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not happy with this product.  I have had the product for about a month now.  It has not worked at all.  The pictures do not transfer, and I am having to reinstall the software because the product is not functioning properly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable is so thin that it tears easily if you try to attach the device to your computer, even though you are only supposed to be able to use the cable with the plug facing down.  I used the product to record an old electronic device (a DVD player) that had a scratchy sound.  It ripped the cable immediately 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and after receiving it, it does not work. I sent it back and will never purchase a Sony product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for the iPod shuffle.  The shuffle works, but the mp3 player does not work.  It will play the first two tracks, but it will not play the third track, which is the main purpose of the shuffle.The MP3 player has to be placed upside down in order to play.  I will not be buying this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. the unit itself is very flimsy. and the only way you can plug it into a television is if you are willing to pay for it. the product is a total piece of junk. I had to return it. i am returning it because I am not going to pay full retail price for something that can only work if you use the TV for a very specific purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would give it 2 stars if it worked.  It doesn't, so I am returning it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using the product for a while now, and now it has given me some trouble.  The first time I plugged the unit in, it started to fail.  This is a very poor product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great but the customer service is abysmal. I got an email stating that they could do something about it. No response. I've emailed them twice now. They're still doing nothing. I'd be very hesitant buying from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked for two weeks but then stopped working and I got to replace it.  Not worth the hassle.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought the card and was happy with it.  However it is not possible to view the pictures on the card when the card is attached to the computer.  The card cannot be attached to a mouse/keyboard, and the only way to view them is to put the card on a stand with the power supply attached.  Don't waste your money on this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it as a replacement for my original Sennheiser headset, which is now in the bin.  The sound quality is not as good as the original, so it doesn't make the difference between the two.  But it is a pain in the butt to use because of the tiny plastic clip, which can easily become un-cuffed with a good smack! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this adapter for my Sony PVD to play discs from a CD player.  It is an absolutely useless piece of junk.  The picture quality is terrible, it is not reliable at all and it does not have any support for any of the standard CD-ROM drive's, CDROM-M or CDROM.  Don't waste your money on this, get a CD-RW instead.  I have had my Sony for almost a year and a half and have not received an upgrade in any way.  Sony, I am just sick of your product and you need to realize that your customer base is small and that your products just don't work anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bad electronic item. You'll have to wait until the product gets repaired, and even then you might be out of luck, because they have a limit on the number of replacements they will accept.  Don't waste your money on this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had these earphones a month ago and they broke in half!  I am not a big fan of earphones and wanted to return them to Amazon.com for a refund.  Amazon. com returned them and I still do not know why.  I really can't say that it is the earphones that broke.  Maybe the earpods were not properly designed.  Either way, Amazon.Com needs to make these earpuds better and send me back the ones that are broken. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bit expensive, but not worth it, especially if you are expecting something similar to a $10 cable from your computer.  I am returning this because the cable broke the first day 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product and received a defective product. I called customer service and they said they don't make any difference when you return the item. I asked if I could get a refund because I am not going to use the product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had the product for a few days and the unit is already dead.  It is a little difficult to install and has a few problems.  The unit is small, but the sound quality is not great.  I will never use this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A big negative review for an expensive electronic device is that the unit will not power up. The only thing I can say is that I am very disappointed in this product because I did not have any trouble with any other unit I have had. However, I still have the unit which I do not use. I will return it for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's the worst I've ever had with this product. I'll be looking for something better in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been with them for a month.  They will not play mp3 files with my car.  The unit does not have an IR remote.  I cannot find the IR remote to program mp3's.  What's the point of buying this when you can get the same unit that is only $100 more.  Maybe they are just not compatible with my unit.  It's not worth buying unless you want to waste your money.  Don't buy this unit if you want the IR Remote because the IR remotes that I use don't work with this unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card and it has a lot of issues.  The sound is not very clear and the card is not reliable.  I would never recommend using this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that this thing does is it connects and it doesn't make a ton of noise. The antenna is very fragile. It won't stay up even with the weight. I got it because the other antenna I had was not that good.  Don't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my Sony DVD player and was very disappointed when it worked for only a few days and then stopped working.  I thought it was just me.  So I emailed Sony tech support and they sent me a new one that worked for a while, but then stopped, too.  Don't waste your money unless you can get a good electronic device, which is almost impossible if you buy from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was fine until it started burning the picture I was trying to save.  It was an old CRT, and that is what you get with a TV.  The remote control is too difficult to use and you'll be stuck pressing buttons on the TV for hours if you try.  If you need an inexpensive TV, get an old TV.it is NOT worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the unit but never received the software to use the product.  I called customer service and they sent me back to the dealer with a new electronic device.  The unit has been returned to the customer.  Not a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these for the price, you'll have to buy an external DAC or something to get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth it, the card is very heavy and you need to put it in often to get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was delivered in a few days but didn't work right out of the box.  There are two problems 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item on the recommendation of my local electronics store because they were the only ones who carried it, and I thought it was the most economical option.  The item was a bit underwhelming, however, in that it did not work.  I called up the company who provided it to me and I received an answer that it was not a technical problem, but rather a packaging problem.  They would not honor the return for that reason.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable in anticipation of the addition of a DVI adapter to my Mac and was not disappointed.  The cable that comes with the adapter is so short that I could barely hook it up!  I had to return it because the plug that is included is not the right length 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards don't fit the Dell Epson Printer, they're much too small, so they don't print correctly.  I had to return them.  Dell is really not doing the best in the business when it comes to this.  But, I've got some other brands I can use at the moment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is WAY too long.  You will need to buy a smaller length of cable.  I bought 20 ft to see if it would work, but it will not.  This product is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this TV for my wife because it was the only one in the price range we could afford and it had a lot of features that were cool. It didn't come with the USB charger, but it is a major oversight 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these as they looked like they would be of better quality than the ones I was buying from Amazon. However they broke within a few months and now I'm looking for a better electronic device to replace them. I can't give a bad review about such a bad item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this case for my Sony E65.  I wanted to protect the camera and this case isn't very strong and doesn't cover the camera at all.  It doesn't hold the camera against the table.  You'll have to be very careful if you use it for any other purpose. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was shipped and was not received until 4 days after I placed the order. The only reason I paid for the item was that it was the only thing I could find on the site that worked.  I can't imagine how anyone could get it working.  Amazon had to send me a new item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product because it was a low price. It does not work well. The video and sound quality are not the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work and I lost my money.  I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's new TV and it worked out ok for a while, but the picture and sound were so terrible that it just did not work. I would never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was very weak and the volume was very limited.  I returned the item as soon as I received it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got my DVD player and it's working ok for now but I really don't like it at all.  The player is small and the remote is really a hassle to use.  I would definitely never recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the product and received the product without it.  It's too slow.  I'd give it one star if it was faster.  The shipping cost was almost double the actual cost of the item.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is hard to believe that the product that is supposed to be so much better than the original product is so much worse than it was.  It seems that all the improvements are being made in the design and packaging, but they do not seem to have made the unit as well made as the original.  I have had to return it because it does not work with my laptop.  The problem is that it is very hard to control the volume.  This is the only problem that I have experienced so far.  Other than this, the product works fine and does not look very impressive, but it is not the original unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this CD for my son's car stereo. It worked fine, but it had a problem that the dealer's tech couldn't fix. I called customer support, and it was only to confirm that the problem was indeed with the CD.  They told me that the CD needed to be sent back to Sony to get it fixed.  I couldn't believe it!  It's a shame that Sony couldn't keep their word, since they are such a great electronic device manufacturer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. I use to have a Panasonic DVD player that worked fine.  This one doesn't even turn on, just shuts down and won't charge.  I would have gladly paid for something that worked like the Panasonic player.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received my iPod and it's not working.  I thought I'd be able to get a replacement because I've had a lot of bad iPods in the past.  Not so much, but the one that came with the unit was an iPod Touch that was damaged in transit.  My wife and I will be returning it.  Maybe the iPod had been shipped by mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was received with no problems.  However, the first couple of weeks I used it on a daily basis with no problem.  Then after 2 months, I had to take it back to the store.  They told me that the product had "sick" components and that they could not repair it.  After they sent me a new one, it would only work for a couple of hours.  I do not recommend this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my son, but they didn't work.  I tried everything.  The first one didn't even work.I returned them, got new ones, and they still don't work!  I am so sad.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad card, not a very good card.  The only reason you would buy this card is because the price was so low.  I have had to return it to the supplier, so I will not be purchasing it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote works for a few minutes then stops responding.  It's not the worst I've ever seen but it is not worth the hassle.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card in hopes it would help with my HD DVD collection.  Unfortunately, it doesn't.  It only gives me about 5% of the space I need to record my DVDs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is very easy to use.  It is very loud, but it is not waterproof 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this case as a gift for my son, and when I opened the case the first thing I noticed was the case is very scratchy. It also does not hold the battery. The battery is small and fragile, and the case would just fall apart if I tried to put it in. I also bought the case to protect my printer, but it does not protect the paper.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's nice that it has a power port, but it's a big pain to use. It turns on and then stops.  If you don't need it to charge, just plug in the charger! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband, who is a carpenter, but he didn't like it. He just put the CD in and it started playing the CD. We tried the next CD that was in the case and it was fine, but not this one.  I don't know why you would get a $30 CD player and go with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this sound card for my Sony SDR-750 and I am very disappointed with it. The sound quality is not that great, and the connection speed is very slow. I would rather not pay for a sound card that I will not be able to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought this item because it had an ipod. It didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item in the mail and it was a complete waste of money!  It was very slow and the sound was very weak.  I am glad I got it before the sale because I would never buy another piece of equipment after seeing the picture of the product that I got.  The product is made out of plastic and the connector itself is very flimsy.  You will need to be extra careful if you are putting this item into a PC.  Don't buy this item unless you really need it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product has a weird look to it.  It has a very poor sound quality.  if you want something that will fit in your pocket and not take up space then this is probably the product for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to hook up my TV to my PC via my Xbox 360. It is a nightmare to use. I can't figure out what is wrong with it. It just makes a lot of noise. The sound is so bad that I have to turn the volume up in order to watch the TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had an HP HP-4050 and it worked great for 10 years, then the power button stopped working. The new HP-4350 is a piece of junk. I wouldn't even consider buying one if I was going to have to use it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product. I bought this product as an upgrade from the iPod Touch. The sound is so-so. It is barely audible and not as good as the iPod.I would not buy this product again. I would have been much happier with the iPod if it had not been so hard to use. The product is not as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this card for a while.  The card does work, but you have to keep the software updated and make sure it's always powered on and working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product and it is not the case.  I had the case, but it did not fit.  Very disappointed in the product.  It's ok for my needs, but I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a previous Sony camcorder with the same player, and they were both very happy with them.  However, my newer camcorders (SVX700, SVC700) have been very slow and the sound has been inconsistent.  I think this is a hardware problem, but I don't know.  It's a shame because Sony was doing a good job with their software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an inexpensive radio.  It works ok, but I found that the buttons on the remote don't work, which I don't think is a problem with the radio itself.  I don;t know why it isn't functioning.  Perhaps the buttons have a defect 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work on my Dell laptop.  I bought this because I had a problem with my HP printer and wanted to see if the same could be done with this product.  The problem was that the printer was not printing on the side I was using.  So I needed to use it on the other side.  It did not work and it is now $50 because of this.  Dell has to be very careful when dealing with HP printers and this product is a prime example.  This is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work with the DVD-RW player I have.  I am not sure if it is a problem with the player or with this CD player, but it isn't helping.  Don't waste your money, it will not work.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so disappointed in this product. I bought it because it had worked on my iPod, but when I received the item it looked like it had just fallen out of the pocket and not actually held the iPod. I could see the battery in the side and could hear it moving, but it did not fit the iPod 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description stated that this is an "in-ear" mic, when in reality it is a phone headset that plugs into your ear.  It does a decent job in terms of signal strength, but it has no bass, the "mouthpiece" is also flimsy.  The microphone is slightly off-centre, and it has an odd shape 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product as a replacement, but was very disappointed.  The sound was terrible! I thought that the product itself was great, but this product just isn't worth it.  I would have never thought that a $30 product would not produce good sound.  This product needs to be returned to the manufacturer, because it's very difficult to use with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use with my Canon Pixma 8400.  After a few months of use, it began to fail.  I sent it back and got it repaired 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work very well. The sound quality is ok, but it is not strong.  I can't believe it, the sound is so poor.  Maybe the sound quality was better than I thought it was, but the sound was a huge disappointment.  This item is definitely a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After receiving the unit and having it shipped to me. I immediately went to the site of the dealer to find that the cable that came with it was not the original one that came out of the box.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does not work with my TV.  I will not purchase from this manufacturer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived and works for a while, but then crashes and doesn't work anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been a loyal customer of Amazon.com and Amazon's new product has been a disappointment.  The problem is that the USB ports do not work.  Amazon.ca does not offer any replacement for defective product.  I would not recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item and it did not work.  I had to return it and go back to Amazon.  Not impressed with this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that I got wrong was the size.  I wanted something that would hold my iPod comfortably in the car.  But I guess that's not a very practical idea 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is a waste of money. It's a great product, but the only thing that I have noticed is that it does not work with my iPod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these and they are terrible.  I would rather buy Amazon instead.  They don't fit on my phone, and the sound quality is bad.  Amazon has better phones and they work just as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is pretty good, but you have to be very careful about the volume setting if you're going to use headphones (not headphones).  The buttons don't really work on the right side of the unit, and sometimes they'll get stuck in the "press to hear" position.  I would have much preferred a different design with volume buttons on the side of it rather than the "sliding" design.  The remote control is a bit finicky to use, too.  If you're not careful about your volume setting, it can sound like it's not working, especially if you turn the volume up or down too quickly.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are great for a small LCD but very unreliable. If the battery dies or the signal gets lost, the LCD becomes useless. I have had to return a number of times and have been disappointed with this product.  Don't waste your money on these, buy an LCD from the manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A lot of trouble, i bought this because of the price.  i had to return it and buy a dvb because it would not work.  it also has a low capacity, and it is a bit fragile 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to have a better sound for my TV.  However, they have not delivered.  If you have a decent TV, they might be ok, but they will not deliver a better result.  I would not recommend them for this price.  The sound quality is OK, but not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to get a digital antenna. The antenna is too small for the price. I would recommend looking for something with better antenna coverage in your area 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this item today.  The unit worked fine for a week or so.  Then the next day the unit stopped functioning.  I returned it and got the same unit again.  No problems with it.  If you are thinking of buying this product you should be very careful and do not drop it!  It will be very hard to replace it if it stops working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a joke. I am using a USB hub with my desktop computer and it cannot pass my connection without error messages. I was very disappointed in this product. I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased this product twice and am disappointed.  First the antenna worked great.  Then it stopped working.  This antenna does not support the newer (and more expensive) models that use a coaxial cable.  I called Amazon customer service and was told that Amazon does not offer this antenna.  Amazon has made a very poor decision by not supporting this antenna model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because my DVD player had stopped working. I had to return it to the store.  After waiting for about 2 weeks, the player started working again.  However, it was still not fully functional.  I am now considering returning the player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using these for a while and have had some problems.  The first one that was shipped didn't work.  It was returned to me and I got a new one with an older model serial number.  These are a great product and I recommend them, but there are some very serious problems with the product.  First, the product works very well for my wireless printer, but the product itself has a lot of plastic.  If I hold it, the weight of the plastic will cause the product to slide.  Second, I don't get the same print quality when I print at a lower quality level.  I had a very low quality print and my print quality is now an 8 out of 10, which is terrible!  I would never use this product for my printer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is defective, and it does not work with my laptop.  I returned it.  Do not buy from Amazon if you are looking for a good product.  Amazon has the lowest price but you get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has one problem and one solution, the first is the fact that you will not get it out of the box. You will need to remove the plastic from the bottom to get it open. I do not recommend this product, if you do buy it just make sure it is sealed properly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this phone is so slow and I have to ask to get my money back.  If I had any other option I would return it.  the antenna is useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works for about 2 weeks before the connector goes bad.  I have a HP EliteBook 8470 G4.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work at all.  It just goes on and off like crazy.  Don't buy this product.  You can buy the same model from amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a waste of money. I bought this because my laptop was having problems and I wanted a cheap replacement.  The product was fine for the first couple of months but then became a hassle to use.  I ended up selling it because I couldn't use it anymore.  For the money, I should have gotten something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is awful, I have to constantly turn the volume down, and it gets loud as soon as I stop moving the unit.  I've had it for almost a year now, and the battery is starting to degrade.  Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use on my laptop, but I had to return it because it worked fine in the first two weeks.  But now, it won't let me connect the mouse to the USB port.  I suppose the driver was not compatible with my Mac, and it is not working with the mouse anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in the market for a good soundcard, and this card was a disappointment.  It's not the best sounding card I've ever used, but it gets the job done.  I don't like the fact that it's wireless, so I'm going to stick with my wired audio setup 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card in October 2009.  I have had it for less than a year and still have problems with it.  The card is not reliable and has been out of warranty several times.  It does not even have a card slot.  Please do not buy this card.  If you use it regularly you will find out that it does not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife to use with her Sony VAIO PVD-100. The only problem is that the remote doesn't work with the Sony VXA10.  The button is marked for the right remote, so I have to use the left one. I'll be returning it because I don't think this product will last very long! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless. I've had the product on for over a year now, and it still doesnt work.  I've tried it on 5 different laptops and 2 tablets, and its still not working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because the product description suggested that this product was the best of the "Nokia N9/10" series, but it is not.The phone works for 5 seconds or so.After that 5 second period it will stop working.The product description did not include this feature when I purchased the product. The phone is not worth the money if it doesn't work. It is certainly not worth purchasing just for this feature 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these speakers because they had a much better sound quality than the Sony MDR-1.3, but when they started playing the sound was very distorted and I could not hear anything. I would not buy these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones are fine, but the earpieces are worthless. The first pair lasted only 1 month and then stopped working. They are also fragile.  I returned both of them to Amazon and they still don't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for a Logitech G610 mouse.  The first time I used it, the scroll wheel got stuck in the "wheel" position.  I tried pressing the "right" and "left" buttons on the mouse to reset it.  It still would not move.  So I returned it and bought a Logi M705, which is about $30 cheaper.  A little annoying.  This mouse has a small red dot on the top of the mouse, so you can't see the scroll wheels, which would have been very useful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this product and it's not working.  If you want to use your phone, you'll need to buy a new one or just use your existing one.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this unit to replace my original Logitech C-200 and I don't regret a single second.  However, I have found it very difficult to use the mouse.  The buttons are all small and the mouse doesn't have enough sensitivity to the edge of the mouse pad.  I don' t use the scroll wheel, so I can't even use the side buttons as a control.  This mouse is very un-intuitive and uncomfortable to use.  It is also difficult to put the mouse into a position that lets you see the entire screen.  What a shame.  Logitech has made a good electronic device, but this one is not up to the task. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card and when I received it the card was damaged.  I called SONY and they said they will replace the card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this unit for a couple months now.  It does everything I need it to do, but it is just not usable.  The sound is very tinny.  I get around 20 to 30 watts.  You can use the volume control to adjust the volume.  Otherwise it will barely work, especially if you have any sound issues.  Don't waste your money on this, unless you have a very weak phone.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not fit in the iPod Classic, the only other iPod that is available that I am aware of, is the iPod Nano which is also plastic.  This one does not have an external antenna.  I am going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  The CD player does not play CD at all.  I bought this product because I needed a CD player, and the cheap price was unbeatable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using these headphones for several years now and have never had any problem with them.  The last couple of months have been rough as they started to get foggy.  I now have to use my own earplugs.  Very disappointing! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is garbage.  Don't buy these!  Donot buy these, unless you have the cash 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted to have a portable DVD player.  The picture is nice, but not the same as the Panasonic Viera, which I still have.  If you want a player that looks the same, buy the Panasonic.  For the price, it's a bad choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product, it's very fragile. It will fall apart after the first few months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable and received it as a replacement only 3 days later.  It worked ok for the first few days.  Then I had to reset my router to use this.  The reason is that the original cable was not included and the customer service rep informed me that I needed to purchase another cable to replace the one that was returned.  I was very disappointed, because this product is not designed for the purpose that it was sold for.  A small price to pay for a bad cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my wife and it is a total joke. I can't even play my DVDs, not even one from the first disc.  I'm very dissatisfied with this product, I wish I had gone with the more expensive product.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Toshiba mp3 player, and it works fine until I start to get the disc burning problems.  The problem is the disc that comes with the player doesn't play the correct format.  I get "disc not present" and "file not present".  This is not a problem with my player.  It is a problem I can't fix, but Toshiba makes no mention of it anywhere.  Toshiba could do something about this problem by adding a different type of disc to their product line 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to return this item after one year because the sound quality is so poor. I had to put the car stereo on a stand to get the sound to go higher. I do not like this product, and I am sure I will not be purchasing anything from the stereo company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  There are many reviews on this site about this product.  I have had to return it twice to make it work.I bought this product thinking that it would be the one for me.  It does not.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product and was very disappointed. the buttons worked fine for a while, but then started to "stick". then I had to send it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not what I expected and when I contacted Amazon they said that it is a problem with the modem and that they will send me a new one. I did not want to wait for Amazon to send me an RMA for it and it's better to do it yourself as it is very difficult to find out if you have a bad modem if you don't have the original box.  Amazon is not very helpful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine in my iPod, but the product works OK on my desktop computer, and it takes a while to load. I have had to return it because it wouldn't load properly. I will never buy this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this CD player and it started working for the first time. The next day the player stopped working.  I called Amazon and got a new player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because my wife needed it to use her TV. The box was a nice looking item and the instructions were clear and the packaging was excellent.  Unfortunately, this product is not reliable. I have had to have it replaced twice since I bought it. I did not realize that it would take so long for it to boot up.  If you want to use a TV that can't be powered up in an instant, this is not the product for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to play DVDs and it did not work.  I am very disappointed in this product and would not buy another brand again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using this product on a Windows XP XP computer and the sound is awful.The volume is too low and it is difficult to tell if it's actually playing. I'm very disappointed in this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was fine, but the remote did not have an option for auto-play, so you have to do it manually 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  I purchased a Canon C300, which is a little more expensive than the SDC case.  Still, I wanted the SDF case, as I like the feel of it.  This case is very flimsy, with not much protection.  You will lose all of your contacts, if you don't know what you're doing.  Not sure what else to say.  Buy a cheap case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card thinking that the cards would be compatible with the Voodoo Audio card, and the only way to do that is to use an external device, which I am currently using. However, the VOODOO sound card has a built in buffer, so I will have to be careful when installing an external sound device. Also, the card does not have the option to make an output device output a specific audio channel, so you will have no way of turning the card on and off as well as setting different volumes for different speakers. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in January of 2006, but it has not performed up to my expectations.  I tried many different software solutions for my iPod, and I have found no difference.  It is still not working after 2 months, and my wife is frustrated because I can't play my music, and it is a waste of money.  If you have a Mac, I suggest you get a DSDDA.com or Apple Music CD player with the CD player built in, as it is less expensive, and the CD sound is more realistic.  This product should be discontinued immediately, and if it is not, I will take it back and I will not be satisfied with it.  Buyer beware, I recommend you go for a DSTDA.COM or Apple CD player instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a very long warranty. It also costs a lot to ship to Germany.  If you're looking for a cheap solution, check out the Sony CD player.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card in October and had the chance to check out the customer support and I must say I was disappointed. The support staff told me that the card was only a refurbished card and that I could return it if I ever had any problem with it.  The card still had a problem when I shipped it to them.  It started freezing up.  I returned it to Amazon and Amazon refused to ship it back to me.  You can't return a bad item like this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not as advertised.  There are no support guides, no user manual, and the unit is not compatible with my TV.  I will be returning this item as it is not a viable product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was great until I got it.  It worked, but then it died.  I had to order it again and it still worked, so it must have been defective.  If you're buying this card, get it now, or else you'll have to wait for an upgrade to something else.  Otherwise, get the one that worked, which is not much cheaper than this one, and I would advise that unless you have a really bad card, you do not buy this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this card for my HP laptop (a late 2007 edition). It worked for a while but then just stopped working.  So I sent it back to HP and they sent me a new one.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this CD in early December.  First, it didn't work.  I called Amazon, and they sent me a new one which worked for a while.  After that, it kept refusing to play my songs!  I think I got it because Amazon has a bad record with CD player units.  But the unit I had was defective.  Amazon should not send out defective products.  Don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this mouse a lot and it broke right away.  The problem is that the mouse is so heavy, and the button is so stiff, that you can't use it at all!  It's not the product itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work in my laptop.  I bought this card thinking it would be great for my small desktop that is only 6.5"x10".  I use an Intel Pentium MMX processor with an Intel GMA900 integrated graphics card.  Unfortunately, I can not use the card because of a very small fan, so the fan spins up too high.  The card only works for 5 minutes when it is powered on.  It is a little inconvenient to use because of the small size, but I could have been happier with a slower card, but this card has some problems.  One is that the card does require a power supply.  You have to turn the laptop on, then plug the power cable into the laptop and plug the other end into the card, then put the laptop into the case.  This is annoying because you do not want to plug the card into the wall because the laptop draws so much power from the power supply and the laptop is not very comfortable when it needs to be plugged in.  Maybe if it is not powered on it will not be required to turn on the laptop, but the laptop needs to turn itself on to use this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the adapter for the first time last night, and it did not work.  The manual that came with the adapter is not helpful.  I am very disappointed because I thought this was a great product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this.  The picture is great and the sound is ok, but the unit has a tendency to make the player go into an endless loop.  I've tried all sorts of different power settings (the highest power was 5.3 volts), and it keeps cycling between power states.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was the cheapest item I could find and it worked, but not great. The sound was not much better than the cheaper model, which I have used in the past. The problem was that it was so bulky and flimsy.  I returned it and bought a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has not been well received.  It does not hold the amount of memory that I needed, so I am moving my computer away from this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this product, it's a very cheap product.  I got the unit on sale, and it was soooo hard to get it to work.  The unit is supposed to be a power source, not a USB device.  They have not made a difference 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I had with this product was that I had to wait until the replacement shipping was completed before I could use the product.  It took me three weeks from shipping time to receive the product and it still did not work.  I will not use this product again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been trying to get my new DVD player to work with my old CD player (which is about the size of a CD player).  Unfortunately, the manufacturer doesn't know what to do, so you have to go through a few steps of fiddling with cables, plugging, unplugging and plugging and unpluggging, etc., until you get the DVD player working.  I don't know why this is a problem with my CD player, since the CD player works fine on my old player.  It's just a little annoying 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit works but it has no power in it and is noisy.  I bought it because I wanted to try out the new HD DVD players that have a power supply that fits the unit.  But I don't think it will be worth the $20+ I spent on it.  It will just sit in the case and the batteries will be useless after a few days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. It is not worth the money.  The software is a joke and is almost impossible to use.  I can't even send it back to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an easy way to store your printer.  It's a great idea, but it's not very well done.  The cartridge itself is very fragile, and it comes apart very easily.  Also, it's a pain to replace it.  I have had a few printers in my life, and I will never buy this one again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item came and worked fine for about 2 days then started getting slower and slower.  After many, many hours on the phone and with help from other folks on the Internet I discovered the problem.  The battery was dead.  This is a major problem and I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had these cards for a couple of years now.  They work fine when the card is new and the memory is working, but they just keep crashing and not all the time.  I just returned them and will not buy them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item as I don't have an iPod Mini. It works ok, but after a few days it stops recording. It doesn't even record when the power is off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very poor. I can't even use it on my TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine for the first few months, then crashes.  I've tried all kinds of solutions - factory reset, hard reset, no reset at all.  Nothing works.  If it isn't working for you, try to get the serial number from the back of your product, or try another model, or buy a different brand.  Don't waste your money on this one, unless you like the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product thinking it would be a great upgrade to my old Sony Walkman player.  But when I received the product, it didn't even fit!  I have tried everything to get it to fit and it just won't.  The only thing I'm left with is a Walkman that's slightly larger than the Sony product, so I have to return the Sony Walkmans 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this in a random electronic device at work.  The picture is not great.  I guess this is because of the lack of memory.  However, the video itself is not the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote doesn't work in my car, which is a shame because I love my Garmin. I am now looking at an aftermarket remote that will work with my car and I will definitely be returning this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to transfer a large amount of data from my MacBook to my Mac Mini.  I got it up to 20 GB with the software, but the drive still failed to transfer it at all.  It also would not hold any data if I inserted the drive while the Mac was running.  The drive was very difficult to use and I would recommend against purchasing this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the Zune for 2 months now.  It is slow and is really uncomfortable to use.  I would never recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because the other one I had was defective.  The CD player worked great for about 6 months but then started skipping all the time.  I had to return it and pay $5 for a new one.  No, it is not defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it because I wanted an SD card reader. I was disappointed.  It only works with FAT32 format.  I am sure there is a way to get it to work with FAT16, but I was not able to find it.  This card reader is very hard to use, even after you get it setup.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap product.  I have had it for a month now and its sound is absolutely terrible.  If you have to buy this product, just use something cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to watch tv and movies.  I had a great experience in the past with an LG TV.  The picture and sound quality are not worth the money.  They are barely usable.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these headphones because I wanted them to last longer.  I was so disappointed with them that I returned them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned this product. The unit works but is a pain in the ass to operate.  I'm using it with a Canon DSLR camera, but it doesn't turn on/off with the flash.  You have to turn it on manually and it's hard to find the right setting 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is an expensive piece of junk.  It worked for one month and then it stopped working.  I got an item at Amazon for $10 that worked for two months.  You can't even return it because the seller won't accept it.  Amazon will only accept it for a refund if it is returned within a reasonable amount of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card doesn't work with my HP printer and has the lowest HP customer support I have seen. I am very disappointed in HP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with the product, but I am happy with the service.  I had it on a 10 hour trip and it would not power on at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband, he does not use any type of media.  But we have an iMac and a Panasonic player that use the same player as well as an old CRT monitor and the Panasonic player works just fine.  The DVD player doesn't work.  It says that it can only support Panasonic DVD discs, but that's a lie.  I am looking for a replacement player to see if I can get a better player that can also support DVD playback on an iMAC 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the card is very cheaply made and is not durable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for about a month and it broke after about 30 minutes of use.  It's an optical disk player, but it's very expensive.  I paid for it, but now I will return it to Amazon.  Amazon's customer service is atrocious and I am not sure if it will ship a replacement product to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would say it is a bad CD player.  I have not had any problems with it.  Just be careful when buying, if you like to have the CD player in your car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for a while, and now I'm looking at alternatives.  I have a HP laptop, and it has a very loud sound.  It is not a problem with the laptop itself, but with the speakers themselves.  The speakers are quite small, and when I turned them up, they barely reached my ears.  For $20, I expect something that will give me sound that I can hear, and will stay relatively quiet.  Instead, I get this.  That's very disappointing.  So I'm just going to wait until HP makes a quieter version of this product, and I will definitely be returning it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had the Panasonic DV5000.  I am sure this will work fine for my video camera but it is not a true "HD" monitor, as some other reviewers have mentioned.  You will have to deal with the fact that the screen is not very big and that the monitor is extremely limited in the amount of colors that it can display.  If you want to watch movies on your TV and use it to look at photos and documents, then this will do the trick 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this router for my wife, and she hasn't been able to use it at all. It's a pain in the butt to set up, and it doesn't do much in the way of internet speed or reliability. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this mouse, and it arrived a few days later.  It did work and the buttons work fine, but the rubber feet are annoying to use.  I have an Xbox 360 and use the mouse extensively on the controller, but it's still irritating to use the feet, especially on hard surfaces.  They would be more comfortable if they didn't have rubber feet, because they'd slip if you put your foot on them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not that great. It is very difficult to get the volume to go from 50% to 100% by itself.  It is not easy to find the mute button, or even the volume slider, when the volume is on, but you can't turn the volume up or down without it.  I do not recommend this product, unless you are looking for something that can get the job done with a little more ease 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product only 2 days after I ordered.  I called Amazon customer service, and they recommended that I return it.  Amazon returned my $20 gift card, and the item was shipped back to me.  If you don't have an Amazon account, it may be worth trying a different electronic device, but Amazon's item was very difficult to use and broke down after a few days.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is very fragile and will not hold up under normal circumstances 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for about a week and then it stopped.  I have to return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's very slow. I've got it running at 25-30fps, and that's with 4 different files I've tested.  I'm going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the S2 and when it arrived it was very broken.  I contacted Amazon and they said they would replace it for free but I thought I was being overcharged.  They also sent me a check for the difference in price between Amazon's product and what I got from eBay 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD burner has a horrible case.  Don't waste your money on this.  If you need a DVD burner that can protect itself you'll be better off with an  Amazon Fire HDX.  Amazon's HDX has an easy to use case that holds it together and is easy to get ahold of if you need to.  Buy a Fire HD if you're looking for a burner with a good case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse as a replacement for my Logitech G3.  The mouse is very slow, has a very limited number of buttons, is not very accurate, and is very loud.  Don't waste your money on this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item hoping to receive it within a reasonable time. The item was shipped promptly but did not arrive in the promised time. I contacted UPS and the tracking number showed that my package had been returned to the sender. I would not recommend this item to anyone as I would be looking for another item to purchase. I returned the item and paid UPS shipping and the item was now missing.I am very disappointed in the product and will not purchase from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I returned my product is that they don't work.  The thing just doesn't work, I am sure they do, but it doesn't show it on the screen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to use with my Canon Pixma, which has a built-in memory card slot. The card worked fine until I moved my laptop from the computer room to the office. After a while, my memory card stopped writing to the flash. The unit worked OK until the next day, when I got my laptop back and discovered that the card had died, and I had to return it for a new one. I think I can safely say that the flash will not work with my laptop. The problem is that Canon will not tell you that your memory card is dead, so you have to return the card to Canon (at their expense) to get it fixed. I'll return my Canon to Canon to get this fixed, but I'd rather just get a new card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was OK, but not as I expected. I needed a more robust product that was easy to use, had a more secure grip, and was easily and cheaply repaired when broken. I would never buy a piece of equipment again without it being repaired by me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very small and floppy, but it is not at all usable.  It works but is so fragile that it is impossible to turn the power on or off.  You will have to find a different product with more robust controls or a larger case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After 2 weeks the connection to my iPod was broken. I contacted the manufacturer and they sent me a replacement.  They were not helpful, and I have been without a connection since.  I recommend staying away from this product, unless you can get it working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived broken and I had to return it. The unit does not fit the case, it's very small and has to be pressed down to get any real use out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony mp3 player, which is brand new.  The first day I used it, the battery went dead.  This is the first time I've ever had a battery die on me.  I was so upset that I returned it and replaced it with an Sony MP4 player, only to find that the batteries that came with the mp3 still work fine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk. the antenna works fine, but it is very sensitive and I can't get it to pick up a signal.  I've been using this antenna for a while and I have had no problem.  My wife's is a different model and it works fine.  The antenna is small and it makes it easy to lose it.  Don't waste your money on this antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A few months ago I bought a Sony USB Hub and found that it is completely unreliable. It will sometimes work for a few days and then refuse to play. What's worse, I can't get it to play on my laptop with Win XP. I've also had problems with my printer as well, but not with this Hub 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very cheap.  I received a defective product.  There is no way to replace the cartridge unless it is not working.  The cartridge is not fit for the device and it is very hard to get out 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone was delivered with the label and the manual.  However, after about two days, the phone still does not work.  The phone is not supported by any software at all.  So, if you can use a regular phone, I suggest you do not buy this phone.  There is no way to get it back to a functional state, so if you want to return it, just ship it back and we will replace it with a new phone. The phone does not have any other software and the warranty is a joke 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst case of headphones I have ever had.  They simply do not work and sound very poor.  You will need to take them back to the dealer.  I will have to return them and try the cheaper options from Amazon and other vendors.  Do not buy these unless you are ok with very low volume! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not fit my laptop. It is too small and too wide. I returned it and ordered a different model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very small phone, and it is not the best quality at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an absolutely horrible product.  If you are on a budget, I suggest you buy the iPod Nano instead.  The price is great, but this thing is not a iPod.  I have had mine for 6 months and it still has not had any functionality.  It does not play any mp3's.  This will not even play songs.  Do not waste your money on this product.I recommend the iPod Classic, because it has great sound and it is a little smaller. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it for my wife, and it is a complete disappointment.  The sound is great, but it does not work with the CD player that came with it.  I had to get a different CD player to listen to my CD.  No big deal, but I would not buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a waste of money, it does not work, and I am afraid it will be lost!  If you want to get it to work just buy a CDR for the same price, this CDR does not come with one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was really looking for something to get my kids to play games like the one I got.  The problem is that it is so fragile that it almost falls apart if you use it too much.  My children are really careful and don't use it that much. So I had to send it back.  I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is good. However, this product does not hold up on its own for many years.  We have had to buy another product from another retailer because we could not get it to last as long as ours.  This is a big deal because if you want to use your mp3 player at home or when traveling then this product will last for quite a while.  However if you do not like to take chances or are a light user then it is a huge deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD-RW player has a very slow, if not the worst, CD playback. I was hoping for a CD player that I could plug into my MP3 player and have a CD that I can play with ease.  I have spent over $400 on this product and I have to say I am very disappointed with it.  The sound quality is poor and the CD player will not play any CD that you place inside it.The product is junk.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product works but it takes forever to charge the battery.  if the battery is out of battery and it will stay in the fridge then it is not the product's fault.  but if you use it to charge it will stop the charging process.  I think it is the battery that is not charging correctly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse from Amazon for a friend who is a professional gamer and this mouse worked fine for him but did not work for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to play my Playstation 4 using the optical cable provided with the console. I was surprised to find that the picture quality of the system is very poor. I can't even get a picture of the TV itself on the DVD player, and I must have missed something on the packaging!I've never had any problems with my previous Sony DVD player so I'm not sure why these were sold as a replacement. I will return them and buy something else, unless Sony does something about this problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible card to deal with. They don't accept any sort of SD card. So if you want to transfer pictures from a camera to your PC, you better use the Canon card. The card in this card is very small and you have to keep the card very dry to prevent the card from shorting out, or it will give you a bad signal. The Canon card also has a tendency to make errors when you use it, which is very frustrating 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was to small for the price. The battery lasts about 1 day, so there is nothing wrong with the product.  However, the product does not fit my system and I am going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is not as advertised. I will not buy another one of these. I bought it because it is the cheapest option on Amazon and I thought it was a great deal.  it does not work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my Canon PIXMA PIXM3D.  The pictures looked great in my room for a while, but after a while they began to fade and I had to turn them off and on again to get the best quality picture.  I wish I had purchased the Sony PIXA PIXG9.5 and not the PIXDA PIXC6.5 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for over a year and have had a number of failures on it.  I am not a big fan of the product because it is not easy to get the unit to work.  In fact, it is nearly impossible.  The unit is prone to freezing, and sometimes it will only work for a short time before the case falls apart.  This is one of the main reasons I have decided to take my $100 over to a more expensive model, which is a Logitech HD Pro Webcam HD for $25. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because my DVD player worked well with my iPod, but my player didn't work with the CD player. I sent it back for a refund and the seller didn't return my card so I got it again and it worked fine.  I now have a useless card that costs more than the player itself. I won't buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product in the past. It works fine, but it has a few problems that I can not explain. First, the power indicator is very small. I will have to use the brightness and brightness levels to measure the power usage of the machine.Second, the software (battery monitor) will not let you see the remaining power on the batteries. I have not found a solution yet to these problems.Third, the buttons are not well spaced. I used them in many situations, and sometimes they did not activate, leaving the machine in a deep sleep mode. Fourth, the cooling system is very noisy. I am sure it is not that it is overheating, but I will probably replace it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure how I got the first one. It is only a 50GB hard drive, not a 60GB.  You will be wasting a lot of space and money on this drive, unless you buy an external hard drive that you don't use everyday.  If you want an external drive for your office, just get a Seagate external drive and not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and immediately realized the problem.  The sound quality is okay, but the connection to the TV is very weak and inconsistent, to say the least.  If I push the volume up on the TV to play the sound, it goes up and then goes down, which makes it difficult to tell what is the source of the sound.  I have also found that the connection between the sound card and the TV sometimes fails.  It could also be that I have the TV in a bad case (or it could be that my TV is defective).  I am very disappointed in this product because it did not satisfy me.  Overall, I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad card. it only gives me 10GB. there is no way to transfer that data to another card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for a TV, but ended up putting it in a small portable DVD player.  There is very little volume control and very little clarity.  I also have to do the whole thing over and over again because it's so hard to change the volume.  Overall, it doesn't do anything.  It's just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD player did not work at all, after a couple of hours, the CD player died. The customer service is the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was shipped from China with no tracking number.  I ordered it in October of 2006.  The warranty was only one year.  If you want a CD player for your iPod, buy a player from Amazon.  Amazon has better products and shipping. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card at first sight for a 4gb card and only needed 8gb.  It worked for a while until it started getting very sluggish.  After some time I returned it and bought a 16gb card instead.  The 16gb worked just fine, but the slow down was noticable.  You can see on the video above that it's a problem with the card not being fast enough.  I'm very disappointed in this card and will never buy from this vendor again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this product in the past and it is NOT WORKING for me anymore! I have now replaced the product and have been very disappointed in the new product. I'm not sure what else I could get from it besides paying for the warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to have a nice case with a nice electronic device.  Not even remotely close to what I wanted.  There are no buttons or labels anywhere, the buttons are not labeled, and the case is not that attractive.  I was hoping to use this as a media player, but there is no case!  What I have is a piece of cardboard, and I don't want to be without it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing sucks. if you want to do anything from DVD to MP3 it will be a waste of time. i have used it for the CDs and MP3 only and i was able to record the CD but the player itself will not play the CD. if i had to do it all over again i would just use the original player and not bother with this one.  i did not get the CD player to work with the DVD player.  you have to use the CD burner to burn the CD or MP3 player to the DVD.  the CD will not record to the player if it burns.  if you do not want to use your DVD player for anything, just use this player to record CD's or MP 3's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not reliable.  If you are not using a CD player, you will get lots of pops and crackles.  However, if you are using a PC or Mac CD player to play music, the player will not even beep.  The sound is terrible and the volume is pretty low.  It is not worth the money to waste your time with this product.  Buy a CD receiver instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product. The product does not work.  It only works with one player, and not with multiple players 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am really disappointed with this product.  The product was fine, but it was not very easy to get the CD from the CD player to the player itself.  My CD player has an eject button, so I would have to use the eject button to eject the CD.  I thought it would be much easier to use an actual CD player.  But alas, the product was very difficult to get to the CD to the actual player. I wish I could return it, but I can't because of warranty. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is very fragile, and you will have to clean the surface very often to keep it clean and not get scratches.  The sound quality is not that great.  I would not buy this card again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for almost 5 years. I have bought it several times and each time it was defective.  The card never works.  It will turn on and off but will not print anything on the screen.  I returned the product and will not purchase another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would rate this product as average.  The product description is not accurate.  It has only 2 buttons, one to select a song and one to change volume.  I am not sure how I am going to get past this point because it is not intuitive.  If you are not very precise when changing volume, I would suggest purchasing the volume control that comes with the radio.  Overall, this product is not worth the price.  Don't buy this unless you know what you are doing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is decent but the connection is so unreliable that I'm thinking of getting something else.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this mouse for my wife.  The mouse itself is not usable.  It is only able to be used by a couple of fingers at best.  A mouse with a better mousepad would have been a better purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure how they do it, but it's not the best. I don't have the latest model and haven't tried it on my older Dell machine.  The sound is very weak and the only thing it does is make the screen go red and the DVD drive will not read discs anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item as I had an HP printer that was dying and it was time to find a replacement.  I had not even read the manual so I bought the item thinking it would be a simple fix.  The product did not work.  It wouldn't print.    So I sent it back.  HP customer service sent me a replacement but I will never buy HP again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to have a Seagate 1TB, and it worked fine for a while, but then one day it stopped working. I tried everything, rebooted and reset it a couple of times, but it still won't power up.I'll never buy a Seacast again because the drive's case is very flimsy. The plastic used to be very nice, but now it's brittle and the screws that hold it in place are very difficult to remove. I was able to put my Seagate into the case without breaking it, but I can't imagine the case holding a 1TB hard drive without being broken.Seagate needs to fix this case problem before I'll buy another SeacAST. Don't waste your money on this one! The Seacasts that I used in the past worked great, but this one won't. Get another Seagate 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does work but it is very slow, has no fan and the sound is so noisy that you can't use it while it's running. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine for my TV and speakers, but not for my laptop.  It does not work with the Dell Latitude D580, D570, and D580i.  The problem is that the power supply that it comes with is rated for the exact wattage of the computer and speakers that you connect to it.  This means that if your speakers are a little louder than those in your Dell, then you'll have to buy a different power supply, which is annoying because it will cost me a little more money to do so 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this CD to have it shipped to me, and it is a total nightmare to get it to work.  I can get it going but it won't play the CD if you hold the power button or start a CD player.  The CD player won't work until you press the power or play button.  If you don't do either one of these two things, it will not work....The CD player itself is very cheaply made, so it should not be this hard to get started, but I'm afraid it is.  Maybe I just have a bad CD player that I'm not aware of, but this is a nightmare to deal with 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because my CD player was defective and I was unable to find a replacement.  I immediately installed the product and found it was defective.  The player works fine for a short period of time then shuts off.  It is extremely frustrating to have to return the player and find it defective.I would never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones were very thin.  They were loud.  The ear tips came loose.  I had to return them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card works but it's just an inexpensive flash card. The card doesn't write very well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was only 1/2 the price of other ones I've seen.  But it does not fit well, and it is not stable enough to hold a DVD in.  I would suggest buying a proper DVD case if you want to use it that way 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is not worth it, the case is not very useful, it's really not worth buying a case with no buttons.  Don't waste your money, it won't do much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product at Walmart, had it installed, and it broke.  The product works for a short time, then stops.  I do not think it is worth the $50 to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for 2 weeks now.  The picture is so dark, that I cannot see it at all.  It is so far from the picture, that the only thing I can tell you is that the picture is blurry and distorted 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not reliable. I have to use an SD card to transfer my photos to and from my PC to use my printer. The transfer rate is not very fast and if I don't hold the power button, it will take forever to transfer a single photo 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A very basic sound card. The output is very weak. I can't even hear the speakers from the speakers on my computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as an upgrade to my Sony HD DVD player and I can say it's not as good as Sony's.  The picture is not as clear as the Sony HD player, the sound is very weak and it doesn't hold my DVD.  This product is really only worth buying if you don't have an Sony player that's great for your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband, who has had problems with his Sony product.  We received the unit a couple of days after the order, but it was already dead!  I called Sony customer support, and they suggested sending it back to Sony for a refund!  We got a new unit (which had an extra piece of tape with the Sony logo on it), but after one day it died again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use an HP laptop and this printer works OK.  The problem is that it can't print from the cartridge to the paper!  So, if you want to print from your cartridge and use it as a printer, you'll need to transfer the images to the cartridge and print from there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work well.  The sound is horrible.  I tried to get a refund and the tech told me that they don't do refunds. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Dell Inspiron Elite X700, and it comes with an optical drive (A:DMA) as well as a CDROM.  The CDROM works fine, but the optical drive is not reliable.  It would occasionally skip a disk when booting the computer.  I am currently looking at alternatives, and I might return the A:DMCA.  However, the CDROM is the only component that does not come with a warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these earphones to replace my previous earphones, but I couldn't use them with my iPod because they are so poorly made. They do not fit very well and they don't stay in the ear.  I don't really care for earphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a little slow.  I bought one of the cheaper ones and got over an hour of operation time.  So unless you want to be stuck in the basement, I would say to go with something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router as I was not able to get any other model that worked out of my box. The router works OK, but I don't like that it has no IPTV connection.  I would give this product one star, but the IPTV support is very poor and you will need to buy a cheap IPTV tuner if you want to use it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I was in the market for a small portable CD player that would be easy to carry around.  However, the sound is very weak.  The player itself doesn't hold the CD when inserted into the player.  I would not buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a lot of buttons, but they are hard to press. I used to press them twice to get them to work, but then they stopped responding.  I ended up returning it for a cheaper one from Amazon.  The only thing that this product does not do is work as a USB hub.  This is a huge disappointment, especially considering the price! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this CD player about a month ago and it works but not very well. I've got it to play at least 50 CDs and it's barely getting through them.  The sound is poor and the buttons are not intuitive. I was looking at buying another one that is more compact and has better buttons 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not pleased with this item at all. It was too slow for my needs. The sound quality was great but the connection was very slow. I had to turn off the volume before I could even get the radio to play. I will never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After much deliberation, I decided to go with a different brand because the other ones I found were cheaper.  However, when I first plugged it in it was very noisy and the volume knob kept shifting.  It took forever to fully charge, and then I noticed that my phone battery would die if it was not plugged in for more than about 10 minutes.  After that, it started getting worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable for my Sony A1. It does not work. I tried the cable twice, with the second one being a short one and the third one being very short. I'm pretty disappointed in this item, but there's nothing Sony can do about it. It will be replaced with something that works better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product, and while it worked for a while, it eventually died.  I sent it back.  Not worth the $300 for a replacement if it can't hold up to the demands of a daily user. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return the item because it stopped working.  I tried to return it and it was accepted by the customer.  Please keep in mind that it is not the item itself but it is an internal problem with the unit.  You might have a different problem with that device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is worthless.  The case was a little too big and would scratch easily, but not enough to warrant a return.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the case in stock and decided to go ahead and buy the case on Amazon.  Amazon shipping took a while and I had to wait a long time before I got it.  The case was delivered with a small scratch on the case.  I thought I was going to get a really good case for this computer.  Instead, I received a bad case.The case is not waterproof.  It is only made of plastic.  If you don't want to put the computer in the water, then you better buy something waterproof.I have a high-end Asus laptop and I do not want my case to scratch the surface of the laptop.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work on my laptop.  My laptop is a Dell Optiplex A21, which is a dual-boot.  The optical drive was removed from the computer and put into a case with the product on it, which caused the laptop to boot with the drive in the case.  I don't think this is an issue with this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does not work on the TV.  I contacted Amazon customer service and they told me it was a faulty product.  If Amazon would send me a replacement, I would happily use it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting that it would be the best I had ever used.  Not so much.  I could not get the memory card to recognize the memory cards.  So I had to return it.  No big deal, I just wanted something better than the product I was used to.  It is so difficult to use.  The only reason I have not returned it is because I got an excellent product for a good price at Amazon.  Amazon has great customer service.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these headphones in hopes of using them for surfing.  They don't fit well, are heavy, and very noisy.  The earphones can't be used with my mp3 player either.  I don't recommend these headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my previous product.  The thing is a complete waste of money.  It doesn't work at all and I've had to return it.  I was also informed that the item was defective (no warranty).  It was a great price, however, I don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product. It does not have enough input power to record a video on my camcorder, and the microphone is barely adequate for recording. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These ear buds work fine, but are not very comfortable.  They are very thin and not at all comfortable, even when I am wearing my regular ear buds.  The ear buds also have a very uncomfortable "click" that I have to turn to the left to hear the music.  I would not recommend these ear buds 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description was accurate. The product worked fine, but when I tried to plug it into my television, the picture came out blurry.  The picture quality was pretty bad.  I returned it.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work at all.  I did not purchase this product because it had a $100.00 rebate on Amazon.  It is not worth it, and I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to have a few USB ports for my Macbook.  But it doesn't do that.  It is really slow and unreliable.  So, I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is poor.  There is a loud background sound.  I'm going to return the sound card.  It's a little on the pricey side, but I would not have paid more for a better sound card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed with this product.  I purchased a Sony Walkman X7 with the DVD player to go along with it.  The first DVD I burned with it was an optical disc, and it wouldn't play it. After the DVD burned, the disc player would freeze up and stop playing the disc.  This was the case with the Sony X800.  Sony has a bad reputation.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get great sound from my HP Z Series desktop speakers.  Now they barely get me by with my iPod.  I don't think they will get much better with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item as I needed a better CD player. I expected the product to be of higher quality than the one I had. The sound is barely adequate for a portable CD player, and it's even worse when playing DVDs. I got one CD player that played the same as the previous one. I don't expect to ever use it, but I was happy to pay for it. I'll never buy anything from Amazon again, because they won't return it if it doesn't work, especially if you've already purchased it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones are OK, but you need to get them to fit properly if you want to use them for long periods of time.  The headband is too big to wear comfortably.  I do not recommend them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and had to return it because it broke after just a month 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was excited to get this item.  I am using it for my laptop.  But the sound is very bad.  It is not clear.  If you want a better sound, I suggest you use the product from Asus instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this card because the disc reader did not work.  I am so disappointed in this card.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product to record some of the CDs I had purchased at Costco. The problem was, it only played the first CD, and then stopped.  I called Costco to see what they could do, they didn't help me at all.  So I returned it and purchased a Sony product that does the same thing.  The Sony product does play CDs that have the same characteristics as this one.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this adapter to plug into a Sony PC.  The plug works fine, but the product doesn't work with the Sony product!  I can't even use it with the product I bought.  I am very disappointed in Sony's product! I'm returning it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking that it would be great for the price.  Well, not so much.  I have a HP Pavilion desktop that is running Windows Vista.  So the system has a pretty severe case of lag, which makes it hard to use and makes me very unhappy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this card doesnt work with my Sony DVD player, it doesn't recognize the disc, and it doesn´t work with the DVD player.  the only reason i bought this card was because it was only 2 bucks more than the other one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these speakers for my wife and they sound OK.  However, they're not durable, they don't hold up, they break easily, and they can't be used with the CD player.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Sony PVM-300. The cable connects fine, but then I cannot use my TV anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this because the CD-ROM was not being read properly and was not working. I did not even bother to try the CD in its new case, because it is a cheap plastic case. I just had to put it back in its original packaging 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my girlfriend to use as a phone speaker. She loved it, but the sound was very weak and it wouldn't even get it up to 30 dB. It would only go up to 25 dB and then it would die. It's also a little noisy with the volume up, which is annoying because you can't even tell if you're getting a bad speaker. I have no idea why it isn't better, but I've wasted a lot of time looking for an alternative for it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to keep my mp3 player connected to my TV.  It worked for a few days.  But then the cable started getting cut and the player was out of sync.  The unit was in very good condition, but it did not last long.  I would not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with any of my CD's. I have had to spend over $100 on a new CD player because of this. I would never buy another CD player if this product does NOT work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card was damaged during shipment and when I received the card I could not use it.  It has a lot of the functionality of the previous card but is not interchangeable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earpiece does not fit my ears properly. It is very loose. I am looking at a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this product for a while and the battery was getting pretty low, so I wanted to get a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as I thought it would be a good electronic device for my desktop PC. I got it, and it's just a horrible product.  I can't use it.  The picture is OK, but the sound is awful.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would work.  Turns out it is an aftermarket product.  It does not work in the original Apple docking station.  I will never buy an Apple product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Canon digital camera (in a case) and needed a replacement for the Canon product that came with it. I tried several brands and models.  They all failed to operate.  The product that works in my case is a Canon PowerShot A580.  I returned it because I did not like the case, the buttons, or the design.  My advice to Canon: please do not design a product that cannot be used with your product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this item is a piece of junk.  it is a very poor product and a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these. They don't even work right with my Canon XB10. I've tried them out several times and it always gives me the error message that my battery is dead. It won't even turn on and stay on. I thought they were defective, but I haven't seen any pictures on my camera and the pictures I take are fine. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not fit my Panasonic TV.  I have had it for a while now and have had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a few months the unit stopped functioning.  Not sure if it was just one of the units that stopped working.  I had to order a new one.  A couple months later it's back to functioning again, but I haven't tested it yet 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable as a spare, and it worked fine. But it doesn't support the type of HDMI port I have on my DVD player (HDMI-1), which is the type that allows the TV to use the full signal of the DVD player. This is a shame because it would have been nice to have had an extra HDMI port in case the cable didn't work for some reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the same problem with this receiver as my Sony PDA.  This unit was very unreliable.  The only reason I was able to keep the unit in working condition was because I had it in my car with me, since it is very heavy and I could easily remove the battery pack.  There are a lot of other cheap ones that I can't even get going for it to die. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works but it is too slow.  I have 2 Sony products and this is the third one to fail.  The first one would take hours and then stop, then the second one would also stop and then the third would quit after 15 mins.  This is unacceptable!  I've returned it to Amazon for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took a while for my DVD player to get used to it, then it would stop playing.  The CD player had a lot of lag and stopped functioning.  Don't waste your money, don't waste this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card was not working and it would not eject the SD card from the card slot.  The only thing that worked was the reset button.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for 2 weeks then stopped.  I had it for almost 5 months.  It is not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was as advertised. However, the product did not work as advertised and I returned it to Amazon. Amazon will not return defective products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to buy this item because the others I have (other PDA's) would not fit my card, the card itself was too big to fit in the slot, etc. I was hoping for a small product that could be used as a replacement, but it's a big bulky card with the size and shape of a small PDA. I can't use the software because I can only type in the name of the card in the system's "PDA" field. I am currently out of money and will probably return this item, which is a shame because I paid a lot for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is really bad. I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a little tricky to use, and will cause problems if you are using multiple disks in a RAID.  The first time I tried to use this card, I ended up with a total of 3 disk errors.  There's a reason why this card is rated lower than others.  I don't have any other problems with this card.  Just don't use this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and immediately got the wrong version of the driver for my HP TouchPad and that was the one that I have to remove everytime I reboot.  I don't even like using it and the software just isn't very friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is a piece of junk.  It is NOT worth the money.  If you really need a phone, buy the new model Motorola RCD-900S which costs a little more.  I would recommend looking elsewhere for a phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product!  I returned it as it was a waste of money to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is okay, but the product is a waste of time and money.  Don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a little overpriced for the amount of product you get. It's not very durable. The product works OK. But I'd return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit works well. However, the remote control works very poorly. It takes a long time to dial in the frequency, even if you know the frequency.  The volume is very low, so it's hard to find a station.  I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit did not work with my iPod at all. I called customer service and was told that I had to return it because it could not be repaired.  The return shipping label did not have a return label on it.  Don't waste your time ordering this product if you want it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is ok, but the sound from the speakers is very weak and not at all what I expected.  they're about 1/2 inch from my ear, and I'd say the speakers are about 5 inches from my ears.  if I can't hear the sound, then the sound will be very low, and you won't hear it at all.  I was very happy with the sound quality of the previous Sony player, but this player is worse than the previous one.  The player is a little larger than the Sony, but they both use the same Sony component, and if you have the same brand and size speakers, then I think they sound the same.  it is a pain in the neck to have to purchase a separate pair of speakers to get the sound I was expecting, especially if I'm not in the same room with my Sony.  not a bad piece of equipment, but you should have to pay a little more for a good one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card to fill up my iPod, but it's a total failure. I tried to install it in my Mac, but after I set it up the memory card wouldn't write anything.  I thought it might be that the Mac wouldn't recognize it as a memory card, but the card itself is a piece of junk. I bought it at Walmart and was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I have about this product is that it does not work in the newer model iMacs. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had my card for a month before deciding to swap for an Amex product.  They worked for a few months, but then I stopped using the cards, and they stopped working.  After some searching, I found a replacement that worked, but was less than $15.  It worked fine for a while, but it had a very slow scan speed, and the card itself was very fragile.  The card would be scratched or damaged in transit, and I wouldn't recommend using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my first PDA to me today.  The first thing that happened was that the memory card was not working.  After looking at some pictures online, I discovered that it was actually my computer's card that was faulty.  I was so upset, I actually called my computer tech to see if I could get it fixed.  He said that it would take some time to get it back online and that he would send it back once it was online.  It was about a week before the PDA was back online. So I have had to buy a new memory card, which is a bit of a bummer.  Still, it was a great product until it went bad.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am really disappointed with this product. I have two different sets of headphones. The first is wired and works. The second is the wireless model.  However, the second wireless model, when connected to the first wired pair, will not work. I contacted Soundport and they sent me a replacement.  I will never buy Soundport again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is ok, but you can't stand the case. you don't want to be tethered to the laptop when its running, right? i don't think the case is needed, just like the speakers on the case and the microphone. the case isn't even made of plastic 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the case is great and the mouse is a great mouse, however the mouse wheel button is too large for my liking.  I have to use the mouse-wheel up-down-left-right-left buttons on the keyboard to get the right mouse-button to the right position.  this is unacceptable and I will return the mouse as soon as possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for over a year now. I was really excited when it arrived and it worked for about 1 week then it stopped working and I sent it back to Amazon.  Amazon shipped me a new one from Amazon, but I don't think it was from Amazon or the original seller, because the instructions were very vague about what to do if you can't get your phone to turn on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player, but it is a total flop. It only plays one track and I have to restart it to play another one. I would never buy this CD again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works, but I don't think it's worth the $50.00 price tag 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's very slow. It takes forever to download your song. I'm giving it a low rating because it's so cheap.  If I had to buy a $20 player, I'd buy a better player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned this product. The unit was not as advertised. I bought it thinking it was the same as my other units. It is not.  The unit is only slightly larger.  However it was much cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is a little bit slow. I got it with a CD player from a friend. It works fine for the first 10 minutes and then it starts to skip and I have to restart it a couple of times. It will also not play songs when the CD player itself is powered on.  Don't waste your money on this player if you want to listen to music! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a waste of money.  It works fine for the first few months.  Then it starts making the sound so distorted you can't hear anything.  Don't waste your money on this product!  Don' t buy it, and buy something that works.  The Sound Card is a piece of junk.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Sony DL-A1000, but it was very slow and the CD player is barely usable in most cases. I am going back to the Sony product that is being sold at Amazon for $49.99 that includes the CD drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable to make my TV remote work. It did the opposite. It made it much harder to use the remote.  The antenna is not strong enough to be usable.  Would not recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product thinking it was the same product as my previous ones, but since then the product is no longer available 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product. I bought this because I needed something for my daughter's computer that could hold all her CDs and DVDs. The thing is so heavy, it's almost unusable. You will need to open it to get all your discs. You won't be able to open the case without taking it apart. Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is nice, but the cord gets very tangled at times.  You will be very disappointed if you use this product and it does not work at all.  The headphones will not stay connected if the cord is twisted, and the cord comes loose very easily.  I would not recommend this product.  There are better alternatives to purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver did not work with my Panasonic DVD player. I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am having an iPod 2.8 and this card is not functional.  I have used it for only 1 song.  If it was working I would have been better off just buying an MP3 player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product for a very reasonable price and was surprised that the product was not functional.  If you are thinking of getting this product, just make sure that the connection you get works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not very happy with this product. I have had an AVI with a lot of problems. It doesn't play well, and the video quality is very poor. I got an AVR-832 to do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card has a very bad reputation.  I have purchased both cards and have received the wrong product!  Both cards use the same exact flash memory.  The card will not work at all unless I use it for a long time to overwrite the original card and remove the old one from the flash memory before I try to use the new one!  I cannot say that I am not going to return this product.  If I am in doubt I would return it and have it replaced with a good one.  Please try to find a better electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really poor electronic device.  I would return it.  It's very easy to damage, even though it is designed well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not functional at all.  It did not play music, did not even register that it was playing, and I had to reboot the unit several times in order to get it to work again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this radio is not as advertised.  It has a very small range (3 miles) and it doesn't play the right station (KWZ in Portland, Oregon).  I have a couple other brands (TELSTAR, JVC) that have better range (up to 10 miles), but this is just a bad product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony XM-C3 camera and have been using it for about a year now. I was hoping that this would work because the other Sony products I've tried have worked. Unfortunately, the product I purchased has stopped working.  I've had to return it and will not be purchasing any more Sony products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  The product was shipped in such a damaged condition that it did not work after 3 months.  I was very disappointed.  Don't buy from Amazon or Amazon.com 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this product for more than a year and it has been nothing short of a complete waste of my money.  The first time I took it to the store, it worked for a few days.  Then it stopped working and I had to return it.  I am sure it is not because of me but because it is so old.  If it still worked I would never have bought it.I am now considering replacing it with something else that will last me a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst thing I've ever seen, ever.  It's the same product as the others, except that this one is completely unusable.  Don't waste your money on it, don't waste a dime on it.  If you're willing to get used to the lack of flash memory, buy the Sony memory card for your camera! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself looks fine, but it doesn't work at all.  The only reason I purchased this product is because of the customer service!  If you don't have it, you can return it to Amazon and Amazon will replace it for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product hoping it would be a little more durable than the ones at the back of my printer. Well it isn't! I am currently out of ink and would recommend that you don't buy this product unless you intend to replace your printer! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earbuds are OK, but the sound quality is not very good.  The volume is a bit low.  There is no difference between the headphones and the earbud when listening to the mp3 player.  I don't think it is worth the money unless you like the sound.  It does not sound as good as the earphones that come with my iPod.  If you don't want to invest $40 to get a better earbuddy, buy an iPod, Amazon MP3 player, or a better headphone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they looked good, but they are terrible.  They do not work at all, and I am stuck on the phone for an hour and a half to make sure it was just me.  I returned them asap and will not be purchasing anything from these guys.  If they are really this bad, then I am going to buy something else, but I do not want to spend $30 on a bad phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is OK, but the price is far too expensive.  It is ok for a wireless mouse, but I have to wonder if they are really trying to get more customers than they lose by charging that much.  If it really is that expensive, why have they not put the mouse on sale for under $30 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card, which was advertised to have a capacity of 256MB. I expected it to be more than that. It actually only holds 256MB of memory. I will return it and buy a memory card with more capacity. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After several months of no usage I finally took it back to the dealer. They told me that this unit was defective and would need to be replaced. I contacted Amazon and Amazon's customer service team told me the unit would be sent to Amazon for replacement.  Unfortunately Amazon's shipping costs were not as inexpensive as their customer service, so it will take me some time to recoup the cost from Amazon.  I do not recommend this product for anyone who does not need to stream music from their computer, as it is not worth the $20-$30 bucks for the unit to break.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a bit on the pricey side.  It is not really an iPod.  The player is only 6.5 inches and that is only enough for the front to play the entire CD.  You will get much better results buying an iPod with a larger player.  We bought one for a friend and he still had to return it because the player is so tiny.  I will not buy this player again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is okay but you will be spending a lot more money for a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these earbuds because they seemed to be a good deal for the price.  Unfortunately, they do not work.  The earbud itself was not working when the earphones came out of the box.  They did not fit my ear and the wires were too short.  I returned them and I will never buy them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife who has the problem with her DVD player.  The only thing that made it worth the money is the warranty, but that's it.  I'm afraid the player will die and will have to be replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the problem is the sound quality, which is not good enough to keep the sound of your CD player when you're playing.  i have had to use an adapter to listen to my CDs on the player and use it at a different volume than when playing CDs on my laptop.  if you want to listen on your laptop, buy a different player.  this is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has an unimpressive picture and sound quality, but it's not worth the money. I will not buy another one of these if the price keeps rising! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse, thinking it would be better than my other mouse. Unfortunately, it is just as bad. I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a Canon C300 and it worked OK, but then it broke. The item was returned and I am very unhappy with the customer service I received. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to keep my iPod's battery alive.  The first couple of days I was able to get a few songs, but it was just a case of battery depletion.  I had to do some fiddling to get the iPod to start again.  They also say they can't get it to start because it doesn't have an SD slot 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought 2 of these units, but both were not working.  If they were working, they would have been the same product as the other units.  I will return them and get something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for a small electronic device that is supposed to be able to record mp3's.  They are not.  Not worth it.  The sound quality is so-so, especially on the higher setting, and it is hard to hold on to it if it is being held too far away from your hand.  It is way too flimsy to be worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product for my husband and he loves it. The picture and sound quality is very bad. I think it is because the antenna has not been properly installed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed an extra CD-R for my Sony DDL-T3 digital camera, but the price was too high.  It worked for about 6 months, but I just decided to return it.  The product description is a little misleading.  There is no such thing as a CD-RW for the Sony product that is the same price as the "T5" model.  If you want a CDRW with an optical media player, you need to buy the "S6". 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was not very reliable.  the first couple times, the unit stopped working.  after that I had to return it and get another one.  it's hard to use a DVD player without it being working. the only thing that saves is that it is smaller than my old player and it has a small memory.  I am sure that the company will do better in the future with their products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card doesn't work with my camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with the CD player that comes with my LG DVD player. I have to return it for another brand, as this CD player can only play mp3's. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure how it is that the product has a built in power supply. It is an option, but it is not a practical one. I purchased a battery and that worked for a while, but the product stopped functioning properly after 2 hours of use. I returned it to Amazon and they replaced it with the $20 battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter to use at school and it's a total disaster. She gets the same sound but her mp3 player keeps dying.  I thought it would be a minor inconvenience to have a CD player that could be replaced whenever something broke, but she just has to wait 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit does not work.  I tried it three times, both on an end of a wire and by the power button.  Neither work.I am an electrical engineer and know this is a problem with this product.  If the product could work I would be happy with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not even worth a negative rating.  The first one worked for about a month then stopped working.  After that I had to send it back to Amazon and get it replaced with the newer product that works.  I wish I would have found out that this product was discontinued so I could have avoided the return.  It also cost a lot more to replace it than it would have to to have sold for.  Amazon will not replace it with a better product, so you better be careful when purchasing products that Amazon might not repair or refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone has poor performance, is very bulky, and it is very expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I have found that works for the PDA is the USB cord, which I purchased in case it broke and had to buy new ones.  Don't waste your money on this item, because the unit doesn't even work if you plug it into your computer!  I bought this product because it seemed to be the only one available and it does have the ability to turn on the printer, which would be nice, but it just doesn't do it.  The product looks nice, the packaging is nice and the service is nice, however, the printer itself is a piece of garbage.  I would never recommend this item to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is terrible. the sound is not very clear. and the batteries last forever. i have to buy another brand to use at work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is junk.  don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was disappointed when I saw that the remote was not available in the US and could not be shipped to me.  I am happy to find out that the only thing that is available for the US market is the RCA-M10, which is the same product as the one I ordered and have used on many of my other Panasonic products. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very slow product.  I can't even use it on a 6 gig mp3 player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an overpriced product, but I bought it because I needed it. I have the wireless adapter, and the picture is just OK, even if I use the "auto" mode, which I don't use, but the picture quality is worse than I expected.The price is a little more than the usual cost, but what is the difference between the price of an adapter, plus $4, and an antenna?I will never buy another product from Amazon again, and I'm not happy with Amazon for this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my wife a wireless mouse, which is fine. But when she moved to the next room, she said the mouse didn't work. So I returned it to the store.  The product description states that the mouse can be used to "wireless" the mouse.  That is not true.  I could not get it to use the mouse when I was "wired".  If I was using the mouse "wirelessly" it would be fine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this item for a while. It is a nice case but the earphone jack is too small. I use the earphones with my phone and the jack sticks out and makes a big click when you press down on the jack.  I wish I had not purchased this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item thinking it was for my Sony E63.  Turns out it was not, so I bought a Canon EF66.  However, it did work.  It does not support the new USB-C connection standard.  The connector has no pins, so it's not compatible with Apple products.  If you're using Apple's Lightning cable to charge your iPhone, then this product is not worth buying 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Samsung EVO SD card which is the same size as this product.  The card is very fragile and the connection to the computer is very slow.  I used this card for my own movies, and it did not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item that I bought was defective. The unit worked fine for about a month, then stopped.  I returned it for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this mp3 player doesn't work with my Sony mp3 recorder!  i got it at Amazon, and Amazon told me it was not compatible with my mp3 recorders! i don't want to return it, because it's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not fit my laptop and I have had it for a year and a half. I tried other brands and they fit better.  It will not stay connected and I am not going to waste my money on another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok, but the power cord is not the best.  The unit is not sturdy and the price is not great.  It is OK for the price, but it could be better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this phone is the worst phone I've ever owned.  it doesn't take calls.  there's no reception in my apartment.  i couldn't use it at all.  I wouldn't buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is ok. the cord is cheap and the sound is not clear.  Do not buy these, buy better quality, better cord and better sound.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product on August 21st, 2012 and received it on August 24th, 2012.  The product is broken.  I am very disappointed with this purchase.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote works but the volume control is not functional.  The only positive review about the remote is that the battery is very light.  However, this remote will not power up your system if the battery becomes drained.  This is a very expensive item.  I'm sorry to say this but if you're looking for a remote to use in your car you will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works OK but is a little heavy.  The volume control is very weak and the sound is very loud.  I was very disappointed.  Maybe the price is right for the product but I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this product again.  It is so flimsy and not at all useful.  I bought a different product from another site and it worked much better.  There is a reason you can't buy this item at Amazon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these for my daughter's Xbox 360 for Christmas.  The first day they were working.  Then they stopped working. The next day they stopped and then again.  We got to the point where they wouldn't even turn on.  I emailed Amazon about it and they told me it was because of a software glitch.  Amazon told me to wait till Microsoft fixes the software glitch and then it would be okay.  Well it's not okay and now they won't work anymore.  They didn't work on Christmas Eve and we're not going to buy them anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the card, set it up and it was dead in less than 24 hours.  I returned it, they sent me a new one and it worked for about 1 week.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is for sale on Amazon.com. Amazon's web site is very poor and it has been a very long time since I purchased this item.  I am now going back to eBay.  It is very difficult to find the product at Amazon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item for my son, who uses the printer in his bedroom. He's been using it since the day it arrived, and it's not doing any good. He has it set up and ready to print, but the printer simply won't print. It doesn't print at all. The problem is that it has a small problem with the software that lets you choose which color you want to use. The "Print Options" menu is not fully accessible and won't let you choose a different color, which is a very inconvenient way to make a different print. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to watch TV.  I've had to do an RMA and it is not a good electronic device.  There are problems with the connection to the antenna and the reception.  The antenna is not recieving signals very well.  It would be better if the product was made of better material 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed a case to hold my iPod.  The iPod fits nicely, but the case was not sturdy enough to hold it.  I'm not sure what happened to the case.  Perhaps I didn't get a case that was strong enough, but I will not buy another one from Amazon unless Amazon can provide a better case than the one they gave me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Canon digital camera for two years, and I bought this to help me transfer photos to my computer.  It worked for one week, then I had to return it because it wouldn't transfer photos.  I've bought Canon cameras before and they all worked perfectly.  The only problem is that I have to return the Canon to Canon and buy a new one, because the Canon's serial number doesn't match the one on my camera.  If I can't get a new Canon to work with my camera, I'll return it to Canon.  So the Canon 6D does the same thing as my Canon 4D, and it's a bad camera.I'll keep my Canon 6Ds and Canon 4Ds, but I wouldn't buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone because I needed it to take pictures at a desk, but my pictures don't look any better than my previous phone.  It is not very usable.  I got it to work for two hours.  The photos are horrible.  Don't buy this phone unless you plan on taking pictures at home and taking a lot of pictures. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was OK, but the remote did not work with my Panasonic TV.  I had to call Panasonic support and they sent me a new remote that worked for the Panasonic TV!  I'm going to return it.  It doesn't make sense for Panasonic to not have a better remote that works with Panasonic products.  They should have done a better job with their support.  Panasonic needs to know they have a bad remote!  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards don't work with my HP desktop computer.  If you have a different brand or model, I suggest looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  It is very hard to use.  I had to do it manually and it is VERY hard to find the button to turn off.  They only work when connected to a specific device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These were fine for the first month or so.  The sound quality started to drop and they quit working altogether 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself is a very nice case. However, the USB connector is way too small to use with the case. I bought it because I had a spare, but it wouldn't fit. The product also has an unusual design with its connector and power button on the side, which makes the buttons hard to use, especially if you're using the case while you're typing on the keyboard.  I'll never buy it again, because the connector and USB connector alone are just not big enough 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine, but it is not the same as the model I bought years ago.  The cable is not as long.  It is also thinner and shorter.  What I do not like is that the "P" that is supposed to hold the cable in place is too small, it slides out.  I have no idea why this product works when it does.  This cable is a piece of junk.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product.  It's a crappy product. I have to use two CDs, one for CD player, one to record, one as an external CD player.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not as advertised.  The connection was not strong and had problems with power when playing mp3s.  I returned the product.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product that came in the box was a small box with only a plastic card that contained the product.  After unpacking it, the product was a very bulky piece of plastic that took up more space than the item itself.  The sound quality was very poor.  I don't even think it was that hard to receive the product, but the sound was very weak.  Don't buy this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these, just get a better one like I bought at amazon.com 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work for my printer.  It seems to have an auto-receiving problem with the scanner (it keeps sending blank scans to the printer instead of actual scans), and it has an annoying blue screen that doesn't show the ink levels in the printer (the printer has an ink limit of 4.2 grams).  I sent a complaint to HP and they sent me a replacement printer that worked fine for my business printer, but it is very expensive (at least $300) for an equivalent printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card for my new printer and it works fine for print but I don't have the option to use it for scanning.  If you want to scan your documents I suggest using the Memorex.com scanner, it costs less and offers more features.  I'm very disappointed with this memory and Memorey for the lack of customer service.  You could be an idiot if you bought this card thinking it worked!  I will never use Memoreys again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was fine when i installed it.  I used it for about a week and then it wouldn't start up.  It would keep starting but then it would crash and I'd have to reboot it.i had a second one that worked fine for another couple weeks.  The problem is that this is a piece of junk!  It's really hard to find replacement parts and this one is so cheap and doesn't even work.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is junk.  The only reason I bought it was because it was $5 cheaper than the cheapest model.  I have to return it and I'm not sure what else I can do.  You can't get better price elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not worth the money. The software is slow and you have to use it to get the most out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a Christmas gift, but didn't get a chance to use it until January.  It worked, but not great.  The CD player didn't hold a lot of songs.  I had to reset it every time I wanted to play a new CD.  If you're looking for a CD player that you can use for an entire weekend, go for the Sony.  But this one was a complete bust! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver seems to be a little slow to record.  I had to restart the receiver after each show to record my shows.  It is a little annoying when you have to restart it.  If you're a casual listener, this product will be a real hassle.  There are some people who love the product and love the receiver.  But if you want to record a lot of shows, this won't do the trick 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is very fragile. I was very disappointed.  I am just over 10 years old and had a similar product.  This product is a piece of junk.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item as an upgrade to my previous Sony DVD player, which had problems with my Sony DVD's.  The player worked fine for a while and then stopped functioning.  I returned it.  If you don't have an HDTV, it probably won't work.  There are other Sony DVD players that work better.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm sure you can get this thing to work, but the sound is awful! I have an Ampeg SX-3B (a small receiver that's got a lot of buttons), and the sound from this little receiver is much better than the sound I get from the SX-1 (small receiver that has more buttons).  I can't use this receiver with the SX1 because the buttons don't match up! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is ok, but not exactly what I expected.  It's not exactly the "flip-off" feature I expected, and it takes quite a long time to get to the desired sound!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a complete waste of money! It's a very unreliable product.  Don't waste your money on this product. Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Sony DVD player, I'm still trying to find a solution. I tried different brands of memory, different brands in different cases, different speeds of memory. The result is that this player doesn't play any DVD's at all! I have tried the same brand of memory that worked with my player and the DVD player has no problem. I would be happy if Sony had some kind of guarantee that it will work with other brand of DVD's! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure if the unit is defective or what. I had a bad one and it was not easy to use.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These things have to be cheap. I bought them thinking I had to get a better model. They were very slow. I would not buy another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After months of not receiving the printer I ordered, I was forced to return it for a refund. The reason for return was that it would not print on a Mac, only PCs. I called Amazon customer service and they suggested that I call Xerox.  However, when I got to Xerox they told me that the printer was defective and Xerox could not send a replacement.  I called Xerox again and they told us that they could not offer any replacement for the printer, nor could I return it because it was a refundable item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to use as a CD player in my new computer, but my first attempt to hook it up was to plug it into a keyboard and mouse.  It doesn't seem to do that, but it does play music.  What a disappointment.  I will be returning this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy this product again.  I used it for 2 weeks and after 2 weeks of no sound and no signal (after the warranty claims expire), the phone stopped working.  After that I returned it.  It was returned to me in excellent condition, but the warranty is expired 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product to connect my new digital camera to my old monitor, which has a built-in DVD player.  The product is a little difficult to get into position, and the DVD player is unresponsive.  I would recommend the use of a second monitor to help stabilize the DVD, rather than trying to connect the camera directly to the monitor, since the camera has an optical port that requires a connector to be connected to the same one used to connect your monitor. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I had with this unit was that I had to return it because the connector was too short and did not fit my TV.  It took me forever to return and exchange the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After receiving the product, I tried to use it and it did not work.  I returned it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a replacement for my old iPod, and it worked ok for a few days. It worked fine for about a week, then the battery started going dead.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this product, the CD player kept resetting.  I returned it.  If you use the player frequently, be sure to return it every 6 months or so.  This CD player has a bad reputation and does not work at all.  Not worth the hassle 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an older product that doesn't work with the iPod nano.  We've returned it to Amazon and will get a new one at a lower price from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed in this product.  It does not hold the data it is supposed to.  I use a Samsung SD card which is a little larger than what is advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote is very weak, not very user friendly, it is hard to use it, and the battery is not very useful.  Don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is NOT the product I bought.  I bought it because I could get it from Amazon.  The one that came with the cable had very poor performance, so I thought I would just get a better one.  It is just NOT the same.  A quick search on the internet (with a few people in the know) found that Amazon's "Amazon Prime" is a rip-off.  Amazon Prime cables are sold at Amazon.com.  If Amazon Prime is a bad cable, Amazon is going to have to refund me $50.  What a waste! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because I had to upgrade my Mac.  It worked fine for a month, but then the card stopped responding and I had no idea why.  After looking for solutions online I was told it was a software problem.  I didn't find any solutions and spent an hour on the phone with Apple customer service who informed me they didn't offer any help for such a problem....  I'll never buy Apple again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the connection is very weak and requires a LOT of force to get it to connect. i was able to connect the card to my router with a lot more force, but it still needs a lot of force 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a great price, but it's just an old CRT TV. The picture isn't too bad but the picture is so small you will need to watch in black and white mode. I would buy something else, not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is really bulky and does not fit the laptop at all.  It would be nice if there were more options.  I am a large guy, and I need to be able to move the case in case it is accidentally dropped.  The bottom section of the case is also very thick and would require some work to get the lid to sit properly, but I would not consider that a big deal 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product.  Do yourself a favor and get a better one.  The only reason I bought it is because the company was kind enough to send me a new one (I just bought one yesterday).  The sound was not as I expected.  My previous speakers sounded great.  I expected to get some improvement in the sound, but it did not.  Buy a better speaker 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the 2.1 GigaPulse CD player, which is rated at a max of 150 MB/s, and it doesn't do anything when I play MP3 or MP4 files that are at least 300 MB in size.  It does however play the smaller files without any problems.  I'm hoping that Sony will take action with this product as I am sure that it's an absolute joke that this product doesn't play small files at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product and was very disappointed. It was very difficult to plug in and the sound was not very clear. I am not sure if this is a defective product or not. I will not buy any more from this company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work with my Dell Latitude G51. I received it back and it is very sad because this product does have a great customer support but Dell is a small company and it was very difficult to get the product to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After receiving this item, I have found that it is not compatible with my Canon digital camera, Canon C300. I have spent many hours trying to get this product to work on my camera, with no success.  I am looking for a more reliable product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very disappointing. The CD player does not work properly. I cannot play all the songs I have purchased 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because my iPod Mini is a little too big.  It works fine, but it seems to be a little unreliable.  The case is nice, but the rubber band tends to rip and fall apart after a while.  Overall, the case is a bit of a disappointment.  I wouldn't buy this if I was looking for something that I could toss in the car if I had to.  If you want something that's a little more portable, maybe buy something that is less cumbersome to carry around.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok but the connection is a bit shaky.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product on a Tuesday and it was not to be the case. I had to ship it back to Amazon to get it repaired. Amazon would not send me a replacement product as I had requested.  Amazon is a great electronic device, but this product is a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a few months, the battery has become very weak. I just received my replacement battery (not mine) and will be returning it as soon as I can. I did not get the shipping or refund.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is pretty cheap, but not really great, i would rather not have to pay for another one.  I am not sure why they would do this, but it is a little bit annoying when it works.  If I had to buy this again, I would get something else.  The only reason I have it is that I have a crappy antenna, and it isnt the antenna that is making the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bit pricey for a plastic case but this case is not the best I've used.  I would prefer something more durable or waterproof 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone to replace my old one.  The sound quality is horrible, and the pictures don't look as nice as the old ones.  But, I do have an extra phone that I'm saving for when I need a different color screen.  If the color is really important to you, I suggest that you get a different phone from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router for my wife to use at home and it just works.  I use it for a few hours at a time and it becomes very sluggish and unusable.  Don't buy this if you want a good router! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money.  If you use the DVD player, then it works fine.  But if you use this product, your DVD player will not play any discs!  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not as advertised.  The connection was not great.  There was a small amount of signal loss when using the sound card in conjunction with my Sony DVD player.  I could not tell if the signal loss was because the card or the player was faulty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to connect my iPad Mini to my home network and it worked.  However, when I started playing music it would just freeze up and then quit playing the song.  The problem is that the connection is not direct with the iPod, but rather through a cable that is connected to my router.  That means the iPod cannot be turned on and off by the cable.  It will not function correctly without the cable!  So unless you have a direct connection to the iPod through your router, buy another iPod or buy a separate adapter! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received my card.  I was not able to transfer my card to the card reader.  This card does not have any sort of anti-skating function.  The card did not get to work until I had to reboot the computer.  If you don't want to reboot, just put the card in the reader and wait.  But the card would not transfer to the reader.i
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is the worst electronic device I have ever purchased.  I had to replace it twice because it wouldn't hold my laptop in its case.  It is impossible to remove the case from the base because the metal clips that hold the base to the case are very difficult to remove.  You will have to open the case up and then carefully lift the case out of the base.  The case has no protection against scratches and other damage.  Don't waste your money on this product.  Amazon has a better electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my Sony XA1 a few months ago and it has worked flawlessly.  However, I have to say that this antenna is very fragile and it will eventually break.  I'm afraid to use it in cold weather!  So for those of you who like a more robust antenna, don't bother buying this product.  It does work when it's not cold, but the antenna tends to break when it gets warm (it works great for a few hours then breaks).  I wouldn't buy this antenna again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote is not very user friendly. It has a lot of menus to operate, but it takes time to understand what is being asked. You have to scroll up or down to find what you want to do. I bought this product because it was advertised as being the best product available at the time. Unfortunately, I had to return it because I couldn't use it. I thought the remote would be more user friendly if it did not require you to scroll around. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is just an inferior version of the iPod that I purchased from Best Buy. The CD player itself is not as sleek and well-made as the iPod, it lacks the ability to play MP3s and the play and eject buttons are not as effective. The player has only two CD slots, which makes it hard to store your CD's, which I don't want to do since I can't find a way to have my player use the CDs that I have already purchased.  I don''t care about the CD player, but I do want a player that can hold my CD's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is an utter waste of money.  It doesn't work!  The volume control doesn't even work and the sound is very weak.  I've seen better products with better sound.  Don't waste your money on this.  Buy something else! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first time I've used this product.  I bought it for a friend and he was quite happy with it until he went to the last setting.  The first setting worked fine until it became too warm.  Then it started to glitch and would not play anymore.  Don't buy it, it's not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible with the PDA.  The PDA requires a USB cable for the microphone to function.  I am returning the PSA for another one that is compatible.  Don't waste your money on this product.  Buy something with a USB port 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this case for my Dell laptop, and I can't use it because it's too short.  I will have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item for a new electronic device to replace my previous one. Unfortunately, the sound is not as I would like it.  I could barely hear the system through the speakers.  If you don't want a little speaker system, this is not the product for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is junk.  Don't waste your money.  Buy a different item: Amazon Prime shipping and Amazon tracking is the best 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking that it would help with my new Panasonic DVD player.  Unfortunately, it did not.  I would give this item to the return customer if they wanted to return it.  It does not fit the player, is difficult to use, and I am very disappointed in this product.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for about a month.  I am extremely disappointed in this product.  It is very difficult to use.  The software that is included is not user friendly.  There is an automatic process that you have to do to get the system to recognize the card, but it is very cumbersome.  My main concern is that this product does not have any sort of built in software to reset the card if it is lost or damaged.  If you lose this card, it will not let you return it for a replacement.  For those of us who do not use this card or have a problem with it, I would recommend looking for a cheaper product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card thinking that the "HDMI" output was more than adequate to hook up a VCR, DVD player, DVD recorder, or any other device with an HDMI input.  The card did the job, but not quite as well as my Sony CDP-C100 which has a slightly different design, and was more comfortable in my hand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised. The product is slow to turn up to the station. We get it up to a half second and then there is a long delay before the station gets a signal.  It is also very unreliable. It will disconnect after 30 minutes or more without a power supply.  We would rather have a regular USB hub. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got my new laptop and the card is no longer available for purchase. I was told that I could return it if I was able to get another one but the only option I had was to get a refurbished model.  I am not a computer novice and bought the card thinking that it would be a good upgrade over the current cards.  The card is now unusable and will not boot.  It is now a useless piece of junk.  Don't waste your money on this card unless you really want a refurbishing.  Just get something that works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does not work, it just hangs in the corner for about a day then goes back to the same thing.  It is a useless unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit was defective, and did not work with my Dell laptop.  I returned it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is very cheaply made.  If you can get a decent case that fits your phone then it will work.  But you'll have to pay for it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is terrible. I have had my card for over a month and the sound is barely tolerable. The card only supports Dolby TrueHD, which is barely audible in my room and not even the faintest. I would never recommend this card unless you really want Dolby surround sound in your home 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok, but the product is a little pricey for the sound quality, and you'll need to invest a lot more in it to make it worthwhile 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item I purchased is of poor quality. I would recommend buying a higher quality item. The item does work for the first day.  It works for a couple of days then dies, or it starts to fail.  I will never buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using this product to connect my iPod to my computer and the software is great, but the connection is very slow.  I would not recommend it for an iPod, but for the Mac, it would be ok 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very excited to get this player, and it worked great for a while.  Then the second disk in the tray started making loud popping noises.  I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the memory stick to hold all my music, but it kept running out. I ended up returning it. It works ok, but I wouldn't buy this unless you are willing to deal with a small diface. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very weak. I am using it in my home office.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product has an extremely limited range of reception, and it is not the cheapest product I have ever bought.  If you want to use this product in a medium to large room, you will probably have to buy a different product or use a different antenna (I am using an AMAZON 50 foot antenna).  If this product is not a deal-breaker, I suggest you look at other products by the same manufacturer that offer better reception (I got the Antenna Genie brand).  if you want a great antenna for your small TV, buy a good antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the third one i have had to replace after two crashes.  The first one was a software problem, the second one was not compatible with my laptop.  Neither of them was the original one, so i had to send it back to Amazon.  Amazon does offer free returns for defective electronic device, but i will not trust Amazon as an item to return for a refund unless i can get a replacement.  They charge a shipping fee for defective products, and i find it unacceptable.  If you like to spend the extra money to get a new one, i suggest you look at the Asus. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item for my Sony DVD player and it is totally unusable.  The only thing that works is pressing the DVD player in the direction of the DVD drive (which is not what I expected).  It is a total piece of junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product for my wife's Dell Latitude E5420. Unfortunately the product is not compatible with the HDD/DVD Writer which is in the other DVD player (a Canon Epson DVD player). The product is advertised as a CD player, but it's actually a DVD/CD changer. The DVD changer will only play in the CD player and will not function as a DVD player in other DVD players. It is only compatible with DVD players that have a CD changer slot 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work with my Macbook. The only thing that worked was an external keyboard and mouse. I was not able to use the mouse to open the case.  If you want to use your laptop with this product, please do not buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After using these headphones for several months they started to develop a nasty smell of condensation, which is what I had complained about on the initial review.  I have to agree with the other reviewers who say the headphones are not worth the money, because they leak and they dry out.  These headphones can be a real headache, and even worse than the original ones!  If you don't like them, don't buy them! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card at a very low price, and I didn't even get a receipt! I called the customer service and they told me to wait, because the card would only be shipped out when I get the receipt. Well I am very disappointed, because I don't want to have to call customer service again to get the card shipped out, because it could be lost, damaged, etc 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst electronic device I have ever owned.  It has horrible sound.  You can hear it but can't identify it.  The microphone is very sensitive and will cut out the moment you touch it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little hard to get the TV working. I think the software has a few things wrong, and not all of them are fixable.  I am looking at upgrading to a newer model in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst memory card I have ever used.  The write speed is not as much as I expected.  I will not use this card again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not fit the Sennheiser HD280. The Senn heiser HD278 (black) is a much better product.  I'm giving it a bad review because this product was purchased at Amazon.com, but Amazon won't let me return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These sound great, but don't last. I had 2 sets of these and 2 of them died within a week.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the case is very flimsy. the bottom of the case has come apart and the case itself has fallen apart on the side. the speakers themselves are not very clear. they sound muddy and lack bass. the speaker volume is extremely loud, however, this will only be a problem if you use headphones. if you do use headphones the volume is pretty low, but not as loud as you might think. the sound quality is really awful. it lacks bass, treble, and clarity. it does not have a CD player, which I have not experienced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for my daughter's ipod. She had it for a week. I thought it was a nice electronic device but it was not.  The sound quality is poor. I had to turn it off and on a few times to get it to work.  It's a piece of junk! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for over a year and it is a total failure. The volume is fine and the buttons are easy to use. But the volume buttons will not stop the radio from going to the next station. I have tried resetting the volume with the button itself but it does not stop.I am not a fan of Sony. It seems that they only have one or two product models that work well. I am willing to buy a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Dell laptop. I tried it out several times, with no luck. I returned it and bought the Canon D2i which works just as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this adapter and it is not functional.  I don't use an iPod or anything that uses the D-Link DAB-BX.  It is not compatible with my iPod and I donot have an antenna for it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a week or so I have no idea if this is a good electronic device or not. It is a pain to use the remote.  It is not intuitive and doesn't work properly.  Don't buy this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not very clear and is not worth the extra cost.  I have had this product for a few weeks now and am now looking for something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I had the idea of getting a wireless USB receiver.  But when I plugged in the receiver it didn't work!  I tried several times.  I am now very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player in the car is very noisy and it is very hard to turn the volume.  I was looking for something more reliable and the Honda S2000 was not.  For this reason I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because my printer was getting slow and I wanted to get the most bang for my buck.  I was very disappointed with the results.  They did not print well and the cartridge became very difficult to use.  The cartridge became completely unwieldy in the machine.  You will want to get a higher grade cartridge.  It did not work for my printer.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphone is not a nice one. It is very loud.  It is uncomfortable and not very comfortable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned this product for about a month and it has not performed.  It's unreliable.  Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is not sharp, but it's the worst I've ever seen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a week or so of playing, I am now down to the last two cards.  I just don't want to spend all the money for another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD player does not hold a CD in its memory. The player is a piece of junk.  Don't waste your money on this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is so far from being usable.  You can't even hold it together!  Don't buy this!  You will regret your purchase if you use this.  Don' want to spend $10 on this. it's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product because the other one was not working. It is the worst electronic device I've ever used 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these because they had the cheapest price and looked the best.  Well, it wasn't worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product on ebay for $20,000. I used it for 2 weeks and then it stopped working. The software is really outdated and will not support anything beyond Windows XP. It has a very limited battery life and will only last for 30 minutes. I will never use this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is great, but the sound is very weak.  I am a professional videographer, and I can tell that the speaker is broken, because it is very difficult to hear the TV, the volume is way down and the volume doesn't rise above normal volume for movies.  If this is a problem with your TV, then buy a good stereo.  The sound is a bit better than the one from Amazon, so if you have a decent TV, you should have no problems.  You won't get much from the Soundstream if you don't want to invest in a higher quality sound system 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is horrible.  It takes forever to boot up.  The CD is very scratched, which is a big deal for a player that costs less than $10.  I have a CD player, so I do not have an issue with scratched CDs.  Other reviewers have had better results with CDJ2's, but they cost more.  Also, the sound is very weak.  You can hardly hear the record on your player, and even on a good CD it can barely make out the words on the record.  This is an item that will never be recommended.  For $10 I would like a CD with a little more oomph, and I would not pay for a CDJ1.  Buy CDJ4 if you can afford it.  Otherwise, go for CDJ3, and avoid CDJ5 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is a piece of junk. The connection to the modem is a pain. You have to press and hold the button on the modem for 5-10 seconds before it will connect to the router 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This CD player is absolutely worthless.  You get a lot of playtime out of it, but when you want to transfer a CD from one of your home stereo system to your car, it takes forever to get it to the car.  I do not use it for much, if at all, so it is worthless for me.  The only reason I am buying another CD player from Sony is because it has a remote.  If you do not want to use the remote, this is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received my new iPod and it's not working.  The iPod is very difficult to use.  I used it once and now it's unusable.  Don't waste your money on this iPod.  Amazon has a better electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to play my iPod and it doesn't work at all. I can't even plug in the headphones to it and it won't even play. I guess the price was right 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a great electronic device, but you have to use it all the time. It has to be constantly in the ear because it has to stay connected to the earphone jack. If you're just listening to the radio, it's great.  But when you're driving, the signal doesn't last very long and the earphones can get uncomfortable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK. the only problem is that the power button is very hard to use. I have had to use the manual reset button to turn it off, then press the power and volume buttons to reset it. the rest of the buttons work fine, but it does take awhile to get it off. I will never buy another one of these products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this and it is not working.  I have tried to use the included software and it doesn't seem to work.  If you have any experience with this product, please post a negative experience about a good electronic device - don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is terrible. I bought it expecting to be able to do mp3s but I was very disappointed. The quality is not what I expected. The microphone is almost useless and the sound quality is a little bit worse than my other cheap mp3 device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards don't hold up to the demanding demands of a consumer electronic device.  You get what you pay for.  I would stay away from this product.  It will only hold a few of my cards, maybe 1 or 2, and then they get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card and it works OK.  But I will never use it again because the card is so small.  My first two cards worked fine, but this one just won't work at all.  I don't know why it won't stay in a slot.  It's so small that you can't see the screen, so if you're watching a movie or something, you'll have to reach down to the bottom of the card and push it up.  The first time I had this problem, I couldn't figure out how to get it to stay in the slot.I bought a different card and have had no problems so far 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed. i thought it was a cheap way to record, but then it started skipping. i ended up giving it away. i would give it to a friend, but they will not be able to use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad product. I got it for Christmas, and it worked for 2 days.  Then I had to send it back, because the CD-ROM drive did not work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK, but the cable length is short.  Don't buy this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is not that great. I would rate it at a 3.5 out of 5 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure what the other reviewers mean.  This is a CD changer.  It plays CDs but can only handle 20 CDs in a row at once.  The sound quality is average.  There are two problems with this product.  One is that it is so hard to remove the CD when changing it.  If you are having trouble inserting a CD in and out of the changer you can't even turn off the power on the changers because it will kill the power to the changing unit.  I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card and the card just did not work out.  I had to return the card and find out why it had failed.  The memory card is about $6.50 cheaper than Amazon's offer and Amazon's return policy gives only one year.  What a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my iPod, but I'm really disappointed.  I've had it for a few days and it doesn't play music anymore.  The volume buttons don't work.  It's like it is completely broken.  No way to turn it off.  Can't get it to play the next song.  And it's really hard to use this thing, because it's so hard to hold it steady.  Don't buy this if you are looking for a reliable iPod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived as expected but after installing it it just stopped working.  I called Sony and got told that I needed to return it.  The next day they told me to go ahead and buy another product.  They didn't offer me any other options to solve the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cables are very cheaply made. They are not thick and sturdy enough to hold the cables without bending or breaking.  The cable that came with them broke on the first day.  Not sure how they made it in two weeks to fail, but don't waste your money on these! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work.  I returned it.  This is the third time I have bought it. I have tried several times to return it to Amazon and have received a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a very good product.  It is not worth the extra money.  I had it installed, but it stopped working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone was a total failure, no matter what you do. It kept getting more and more garbled. I tried the software, but that was not an option because the only option was to unplug the phone and plug it back in again.  I am glad that I got a Sony Ericsson because the rest of the phone worked out fine. I am not sure if they made a bad batch of this phone, or if it was just bad luck.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work, and I am not even sure it is compatible with my TV.  I purchased this to replace my Sony DVD player because it is very expensive, so I am really disappointed with the lack of support for the Sony DVD interface.  The other reviews about this product do give some suggestions as to how to work with it, but it is still not really possible.  If you do not like Sony, buy a better DVD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised, i do not like it. i will not buy from this company again. i was only able to receive the product within 5 days of purchase. i did not even receive the right item to be shipped. i contacted customer service and received a free replacement item.i am returning this item to the seller 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst product i have ever used. I am constantly looking for an upgrade and the sound is no better.  Don't waste your money on this.  I tried the other product, which is a $20 Sennheiser MK4.1 which is much better. I had to spend an additional $40 to get a better sound, as the sound quality was much better than the Senns.  If you have a low-end system, this is not the product for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very poorly designed and has a very slow response time.  You will need to wait for a much faster product to have better results.  It will do ok for the most part, but there are many cheaper options on the market that can do much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product as a replacement for my Dell Vue Blu-ray player. It worked for a short while, then broke down. I returned it.  I have to return my Vue, which I will do tomorrow morning.  It was very disappointing to see this product fail after a few months. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this product a week ago.  I have to say that the first thing I do is plug in my iPod and it is immediately dead.  If I do that again and again, I will throw the product away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works well for a while, but after a few months the software becomes unreliable and it crashes.  I recommend buying a new, high-end printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a huge disappointment, it does not fit my iPod perfectly.  I can't even use it to play the same song as it's meant to.  It can only play a few seconds, but it is still not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the only thing I can say is that the product was not that cheap as I thought. the unit is not user friendly, the sound is weak and the connection is quite slow. overall, I would not buy another one like this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for work, but the mouse stops working if you are on the keyboard.  I think this is a software problem.  If you get the mouse to work when you use it, then I suggest that you have a program that can reset the settings.  Don't waste your money, buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this product in 2001.  Since then it has been lost.  Don't waste your money, buy a good electronic device that can handle your files.  If you buy this, don't get it for Christmas, because it will be too slow in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is fine, but not the greatest I've ever used.  You get a little better sound quality than you do on the iPod.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this and installed it as soon as I could, but I have to return it because the unit does not work.  It is not compatible with my laptop and the customer service reps were not very helpful.  The price was decent at the time, but now it is really more than I would pay 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this adapter and it did not work.  It was defective, not just my fault 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because I like the looks of the product and thought it would be a good buy.  I am glad I did not buy this product, because they were very poorly made.  If I were you, I would not buy these products, because it would cost you nothing to replace them with a good electronic device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work. It works with my Panasonic DVD player but does not work with my Sony CD player.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a very high cost to operate.  If you need to hook up a few of your devices to one power strip, it's a bad buy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product in hopes that it would work. However, it does not work.  I contacted Amazon and they have no clue why this is.  Amazon will give me a new product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a shame. It has the same problem as all the other units. It can't record mp3s or mp4s without power.  I would give it a 2 or 3 stars if it worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they were the cheapest available and it had all the features I needed.  Well, it turns out the only thing that's keeping the signal is the antenna.  I tried them out on a very bad signal and they wouldn't work.  No thanks!  The antenna was way too small and they would barely pick up anything.  So I got rid of them and now use my laptop instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had been using this product for a few months now and it has not performed as I had expected.  It works great for the price, but it seems to work great for someone else.  I can get the same sound from the other product, but this product is not worth the money for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because my wife was a bit frustrated with her MP3 player not working and had to send it back.  I have had it about a week now.  The player worked until about two days after I installed it.  It worked fine for two days, then stopped working.  Not sure what caused the problem, but the player now won't play songs.  Don't buy this if you want a working player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself is fine, but I am not happy with the sound quality and the sound card. It was very loud. I did not use it very often because it was very annoying to use. The sound is a bit weak compared to my headphones. I was really hoping for something better than this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so disappointed that this product is not even remotely compatible with my iPod! I could have used the iPod Classic, which is also compatible with this product. I am very disappointed with this item.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and the cable just isn't that great. It's very scratchy and the connection is a bit weak. The sound is fine, but the cable isn't very well padded. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return the CD player because the CD was scratched.  I tried other brands, and this one has a scratch.  Don't waste your money on this brand.  It's junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does have a built in battery.  Don't buy them if you plan on working for a while 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the new iPod touch (6th generation) yesterday. I was very pleased to receive the new product, however, my wife had a serious problem. The new iPod was a disaster. The screen was almost unusable. It would turn on and then stop. I could barely use it. The buttons were completely unresponsive. The battery was nearly dead. I had to return it and get a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones were cheap but the microphone was very scratchy and sounded like it was out of batteries. The mic did have a small black dot that was too close to the microphone itself and kept dropping out 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this mp3 player is really nice, but the sound is so muffled, it is hard to hear the song you want to hear.  I bought it because I was looking for a better mp3 device.  now I will return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK but not the best. I would return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cables and I didn't like them.  They were much too short and the connectors weren't sturdy enough 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the product for less than a week and it is already inoperable. I am going to have to send it back to Amazon. The case is broken. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure why they keep saying the product is free from defects.  If it is so defective, how is it possible to return a bad item?  It has been several months now and the problem still persists 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a gift for my daughter, and it has been a total disaster. I don't know what happened, but the buttons on both the remote and the unit itself are so poorly calibrated that it becomes virtually impossible to use the unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player and had it installed, but it is not functioning.  I am very disappointed, and the price was a little expensive.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk. It's not worth the price.  I'm going to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my LG BluRay player a week ago. I had to return it because it was broken.  It was in very bad shape and not at all usable.  The player was a little over half full when I received it.  I cannot find any information about this player at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I gave it 5 stars is that I thought it was a little smaller than the other ones I've used.  I had to return it because it was way too small for my application.  The buttons didn't fit right, so I ended up changing them to ones that would fit and it was then not usable.  It's also a little bulky for my needs, so my advice is to buy a cheaper model.  If you're looking for a compact USB device to charge your laptop, look at something with better buttons, like the AmazonBasics, but you may have to compromise on some features to get a little more room in the palm of your hand.  This one doesn't do anything.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would like to try other options.  If only I could return the card that I bought.  I can't figure out why I have to do this.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is nice, but the product does not work well with the computer.  I have had two different cases and two different mice with the same problems.  So if you are going to buy one of these mice, I suggest you invest in something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These were ok, but did not have the speed that I was hoping for.  It was only 2 gigs and I could only store it for about 1 hour and 40 minutes.  I could not return it because I needed it right away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not fit my card. I bought it because I use it to store music in my MP3 player and the one in my player was not compatible with it. I've sent it back to HP for a refund. I would have bought something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are cheap, but they are the worst product I've ever purchased for the price of a CD player.  The CD player doesn't work at all.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing is horrible. I was hoping for a better sound.  the sound was not even adequate. i am an engineer, i did not buy this product because i needed it to make recordings 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed in this item. It is a lot of plastic, and it is very heavy. I would have been much better off spending the money on a more reliable item, like a Sony player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for over a year now. I had problems with it when I first started using it. It is extremely slow to load and to get any type of work done.  I am now out of warranty and I am trying to return this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product for a new purchase.  The product worked fine for a while, but as the days went by the connection would fail.  I had to replace it with an old one to get my system to work.  Do not buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these speakers in July 2006.  The speakers started working right after I installed them.  However, after a few months the speakers started to fail.  I returned them in June 2007 and purchased a different model which worked fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not at all happy with this product. I got a new camera and the unit started to freeze up. I had to reset it. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this because I had problems with the others. It's ok if you use the mouse on the PC, but not great when you want to use it on your iPad, because the touchpad is not a true mouse, and you have to use two fingers to click, which is very difficult to do on the touch pad.  I am very disappointed with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is a complete waste of time.  The first time I tried to get a picture from my Panasonic SDI player, it was very slow and the picture disappeared.  It took me a couple of tries to get it to work, and then it became slow again.  I can't believe this product.  Maybe it is OK for home video, but I will never buy a Panasonic product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was not designed to fit my Mac, and I have not been able to get it to work. I have tried other products and they have worked.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries last for a couple of months but then go flat.  I'm going to buy the AA-800 because it will last forever and not miss any time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to buy a new memory stick with the help of Amazon. I could not find any of the MemoryStick with the same features as this one. They cost less 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A few months ago the DVD player started skipping frames and then stopped.  I was looking at the software for fixing it.  It seems to be an OPPO DVD player that was out of warranty.  They send me a replacement.  That worked for about a week.  Then it started skipping again.  The software is broken, they say.  There is nothing in the box that can be repaired or replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it thinking it was a good item. it is not.  it is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cables to help my HD-DVD player.  They did the job.  Then, after a couple of months, I discovered that the sound was not very strong.  I returned them for another set that was much more comfortable.  The first one worked perfectly.  Now I have these cables for my DVD player. They are so-so and are noisy.  So I cannot recommend them for that purpose.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a replacement for my CD player which had broken down. The case is great. It fits the case, but the sound quality is horrendous. The sound is so distorted that I'm thinking it's an antenna. If it were a case, it'd be great. But it's a CD player, so it is broken and can't be repaired. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player has no power button and no way to stop it.  I can only play a short video clip without the DVD player powering on.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this adapter and was not impressed with it.  The picture is not as good as my other adapter, and I had to spend an extra $5.00 to get it working properly.  I do not like this product because it does not work with my Samsung DVD player.  It is not compatible with my Panasonic DVD player either.  Amazon had me buy another adapter to use with my player.I will return it because it is a waste of money and Amazon's customer service was not helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little bit disappointing, not worth it. They would just barely make a connection to the receiver, and it would be quite a struggle to even get it to play. I am sure it is ok to be cheap, but not when you need to play music on your stereo. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item has an extremely limited use.  There is a reason why I was willing to pay $100 for a larger product.  For $20, you can get a better product. If you are looking for an MP3 player with more storage, this is probably not the product for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking it was going to be a good buy.  Turns out it was a little overpriced and is quite unreliable.  The sound is ok, but if you are on the go, this product will not cut it.  If you are not a heavy user of mp3s this product is ok but not ideal 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a piece of junk. I have tried many times to get it to work. I don't have a problem with the unit itself, I just had to do the manual setup because it is so difficult to find the buttons that control the volume. It is a piece that just won't work. The manual setup is a nightmare to find and setup 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  The sound is not very loud.  I have had it for a few months now and it is no longer functioning.  If you buy it, be prepared to return it.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because the other one I had that I bought last year lasted about 2 months.  I bought this one and it didn't last for a full month.  It was really hard to find the buttons, and it wasn't as easy to use as my previous product.  Don't buy this unless you are willing to spend $40 or so just to get a decent electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a gift and used it for a week.  After that I realized that I needed to return it.  No big deal, but if you want a decent case to keep your mouse clean and safe, you better buy a case.  It doesn't come with one.  I'm going back to Ducky or something else.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this as a replacement from Amazon and was very disappointed when it arrived. The only way it worked was if I disconnected the power to it in order to reset it, which is not an option. The product itself is junk and does not work.  Amazon's support was a total of useless. I will never buy Amazon products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product. The unit works fine for my wife's home computer, but I can't even use it for my own personal use. The sound is weak, and the remote controls are not very user friendly.I am not even sure why I bought this, because I could get much better sound at this price from a competing product. I am sorry to have wasted my money on this, since it was not worth the $30 I paid for it. I will not be returning it to Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this card has been pretty awful. it's really hard to get the card to recognize the memory and not crash it. i'm not sure why it works if it's only one drive. i just had to have two in order to make it work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the product thinking that the software would be a little easier to use and would help prevent this problem. I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would be the best sound quality on the market. I was wrong.  I have a lot of speakers, but they don't have any bass response and sound a bit like a crappy stereo speaker. The only positive thing I can say about this product is the volume control.  But for $29 I expect a little more. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the ASUS Eee Pad Transformer 8, and when I use it to play a DVD I get a blank screen. It doesn't play DVD discs well, and it has the annoying "screeble" that makes it difficult to use for anything other than the title screen. I'm not sure why the manufacturer is selling this thing, but it's not worth the money unless you use it a lot! It doesn,t work for the TV I have, so I don't think it will help me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is defective and is not worth the price. I ordered this product in September and received it in January.  The sound is not as clear as my Sony Walkman C6 which is a Sony product.  There is a crack in the earpiece that makes it hard to use the device.  It has a hard time with loud and weak signals.  Do not buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is nice and small, but is not very strong.  It is also very expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not that nice, its not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is pretty low, especially in comparison to the Pioneer PX-1000 which has a greater bass range and much better stereo imaging.  I bought this because I needed to record my wife's car stereo with my Panasonic DVD player and had to leave my PX behind.  If you need to record the car stereo, get a PX.  The Panasonic does a much better job than the Sony MP3 player which I bought for the same price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was defective.  The connection could not be made and it would disconnect.  It was a shame because the product was advertised as an MP3 player.  I returned it and will not be purchasing any MP3s from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to use with my iPod and the case.  The case has a problem with the speakers (which are supposed to be a big help).  The speaker will only play the sound of the iPod itself.  I've been looking for an alternative to the case but it's not clear how it would perform with the iPod.  If you want a case that will protect the iPod from scratches or spills, this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  I have not had this product for more than a week.  It did work when I first received it.  Then I decided to send it back.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product a week ago.  I had my car plugged into it and it started and then would not turn on.  It is dead.  Please don't send it back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product on Friday and today it has been shipped back to me.  I am not a big fan of these products, but they will ship out quickly, I thought the return would be quick.  The product is NOT a very good product.  You will notice that the sound is not as good as my other earphones.  That is the reason I returned it.  Do yourself a favor and buy the earphones that have a better price tag 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because the previous one broke and I needed a replacement right away. The only problem I had with this product was that the antenna wasn't properly adjusted. I had to return it to Amazon and Amazon returned it back. I am very disappointed with this item. I would never buy Amazon products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they worked for the previous Mac Mini I had.  Not so much anymore.  They both work fine with my MacBook Air, but they will not work with my Powerbook.  So, I will have to return them.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable and I was not impressed.  I could only get about half the bandwidth I needed.  The quality of the picture is very poor.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was disappointed in this product because it is not wireless. I am a huge fan of the Linksys Wireless adapter. I could have used it with my Linksys WRT300 but it is very difficult to find a receiver that works with Linksys WPA2PA and has an IP address.  I will not be purchasing Linksys products in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this, I bought the Motorola product as an upgrade. It works, but has an annoying habit of locking up after an hour or two. It would also occasionally freeze up for no apparent reason.  Don`t waste your money, Motorola! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a huge disappointment.  I can't get it to do the thing that I want.  The first time I used it, I got it to power my Sony Ericsson CD player (a Sony brand item).  The second time, it did not work.  Don't waste your money on this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a little disappointed to find that this CD player doesn't come with a USB cable that plugs into a USB port.  I bought this because I needed something to play my CD player on my iPod.  Instead, I have to plug the player into the computer using the power cable included with it!  It would be nice if the CD player included an adapter that can plug into the USB port on the computer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these speakers for my son who had lost the speakers in his car.  They worked fine for about a month.  But the speakers broke after about a week.  I returned them to Amazon and got a refurbished pair for the same price.  Amazon does not offer a return policy for defective products.  You can return them back to Amazon or Amazon's customer service department if they break again.  So you better be sure you're getting a good product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not working. The connection to the computer is very slow.  The CD is also not fully playable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife and she loved them, but they died right away.  I was able to get it to work by plugging it into an external TV, but the signal quality is quite poor.  It is only usable if you use it to connect to a TV in the same room as the router. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these for my daughter's college dorm room.  I expected to have an easy time hooking up to the TV.  They did not.  The TV would occasionally freeze and would not respond to any inputs.  She eventually broke one of the legs and had to buy another.  We'll see how long they last 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a joke.  The picture is okay, but you'll need to do a lot of scrolling to make it all look good.  If you want to save money, go with an LCD.  Otherwise, this is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is ok, but the speakers are very small, and the volume is very low 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product thinking it would be a good deal since it comes with a 2 year warranty, but the cable I received only lasted for 2 weeks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit to use with my Panasonic DVD player and the sound is great. However, the optical drive can't keep up with the speed of my DVD player, even at full speed. It does not record at all on my DVD.The other day I returned the unit because it didn't work.  I have not been able to get it to work again.  It still works at full speeds but not at full capacity.  The unit is not easy to use.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this to connect my laptop to my PC and it worked, but the sound quality was not as I expected. I had a Sony PDA with Windows XP, and it connected just fine.  I bought this because it was advertised as having a 5ft cable, but it had a shorter length and a different connector.  It would have been better if Sony had offered the longer cable.  The sound quality is not good enough to justify purchasing this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap electronic device.  I used this with an HP DL2000 for a month and it did not work.  If I use this for another week I'll give it another try.  The CD player does not have the ability to eject the CD's and if I do not insert it correctly it will stop playing.  Don't buy this, buy a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total disaster. It has a weak, unreliable sound, and will not work in a portable electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would buy a different product, but this product was not exactly as advertised.  I ended up with an expensive repair.  It was a hassle to return the product, and I had to go to my local electronics store to get it replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned a few of these and they all died.  They work fine if you put them on the top shelf or if you use them on a lower shelf but the shelf must be very close to the table in order to get the unit to stand up.  The unit is small enough to slip out of the corner of your hand but the unit is still heavy enough to make the unit feel like it will fall over if you drop it.  You can't get it to stand on the same shelf with the bottom unit in it's case because the unit falls out 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return the product.  I used it to record a two-hour session.  It worked fine, but it did not record the full 5 hours that I was expecting.  Don't waste your money on this product. I'll keep looking for another. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the wireless mouse that comes with the G602 but not the G700.  The G700 is much more accurate in movement, but the G600 is more comfortable to use.  I wish that Microsoft would have stopped making this mouse when they realized that the G800 was superior, which is a big mistake since the G300 had the same mouse features.  This mouse is a complete waste of money.  If you need a mouse with a mouse button that is less sensitive, this mouse is not for you.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not an i5, it is an i3.  I bought this as a replacement and was very disappointed.  If you buy this, please don't expect it to work with an i7.  It will not work with the power supply on your i5.  Do yourself a favor and get a PowerLink from a good electronic device and not a cheap one that just isn't worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this cable is horrible. I'm just glad I found another brand that works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It isnt that bad, but the price is really high.  I would rather buy the product of a better product that is actually worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was ok until it started to fail.  I bought it because I wanted a USB-to-HDMI converter to do my TV.  But it only works with one other device.  If you have multiple TV, it won't be very useful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband and he liked it so much he decided to leave his computer without it.  The card was very poorly made and the install took forever.  It was easy to accidentally burn a DVD.  A little annoying to deal with, but I wouldn't say it's a major problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product expecting to receive it in time for my trip to Hawaii.  It arrived only two days after I ordered and is not working.  I am very disappointed in the quality of this product and the customer service provided.  The customer service rep did not return my call as I requested.  This is the second electronic device I have had to return from Amazon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes 5-6 hours to complete a CD and to have the disk ready for use.  You can see the status of the CD in the menu.  Do not waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product. You will be disappointed.  The sound is terrible.  I had to return it and get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player didn't work out of the box.  I tried everything from the same web site, Amazon.com, and Amazon customer service.  No success.  The only problem is that you have to turn off the unit to turn it on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was OK, but it was a little heavy.  Don't get this if you need a mouse!  It's OK for gaming, but for casual gaming or browsing, this mouse is a joke.  I've been using the mouse since it arrived, and it's just a pain to use.  It has absolutely NO feel to it.  The rubberized coating on the sides is a huge waste of money.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this unit because I use it as my phone's backup camera. It has a really small screen and the buttons on the side don't work. It also has a very weak FM transmitter, and the FM reception is weak. I returned the unit and got an AOM. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried a number of printers and have found this printer to be the worst of the lot.  It prints the first pages and then stops.  There is a constant need to restart the printer to get the problem fixed.  I'm very disappointed with this printer and hope it gets better with a new ink cartridge soon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the cheapest antenna available, but the reception is very weak.  If you're looking for something more robust, look at the DIGITAL-TALKER or the ANTEN-TRAK. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not working for me. I had to buy another brand, and it is very hard to get the sound.  I'm not happy with it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife's new HP Pavilion laptop.  The pictures from her printer are not so good and the prints take a long time to print.  They don't come out even after hours.  If you're looking for a good printer, I suggest you try to get a Sony printer or something with a larger ink cartridge (like a Quinko).  I will never buy a HP again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and it worked great for a while. But after the first month, the battery died and the card stopped functioning. The warranty does not cover batteries dying or the card not functioning. I have contacted Amazon and they will not return the card until I get it repaired 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After about two weeks of using it I finally noticed that it has a problem with the SD card. I tried to remove it from the card and it would not stick. It also kept failing to load the new card that I had just inserted.  I will never buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to help me record a friend's home TV.  It is not a quality product at all.  My TV has the built in SD card slot, and I wanted to record the TV's output to it.  I used the DVR-X2.1, which is a great product, but it was not built to handle my TV's inputs.  This is the first time I've had to return a bad item.  You would think the manufacturer would have learned their lesson from the last time it broke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  The software is a mess.  I used to use an old Panasonic DVD player, and it worked fine.  Not sure why I bought this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to get a little extra storage.  The product works ok but I think the size is a bit excessive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this card does not hold a lot of data, but it is certainly not a nice card.  it has a high rate of read errors, but that is about it.  I have had to replace it twice because the card was inoperable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the product and received the defective card. I've called for a replacement. I will never buy a card from this company again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card has worked very well for my 2 computers, but after 5 months, the card has stopped working.  I can no longer transfer or print photos to either of the computers!  I'm still trying to get the card to work again, but it's not working on my 2nd computer.  Do NOT buy this card! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product, but it doesn't come with a lifetime warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned the Panasonic Viera for 2 years. It's a great card, but it has one major drawback - it doesn't work with the older-model Canon S40 camera (i.e., S40X). I have been able to get it to work with all of the other models, so I can't give Panasonic credit for the S40 X support. Panasonic, you are so lucky that your customers are willing to take on the risk to have to switch cameras for a defective card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use in her home office and she liked it.  However, it did not hold a charge for very long, so I returned it. I don't know if the case was damaged or not, but the case did not have any kind of cushion for it to sit on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cables don't work with my PC. I can't use the PC anymore! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit for my son, who is new to Sony products.  It is great for the price but it does not come with an AC adapter to power it.  I would suggest purchasing an external power supply, especially if you have kids who like to play on the beach and who would be away from their parent's home for an extended period of time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable as a replacement for the previous one that broke after a few months.  It worked fine for a short time.  After a few weeks it stopped working.  I had to return it and buy the other one.  Do not buy this cable! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking that I would not have to worry about any of the problems that other reviewers had.  Instead, it was discovered that this product was defective, and I had to return it.  I was very disappointed in this company.  What a waste of money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it, it worked for 2 months, then stopped.  The power light flashes a lot.  I think it's the connector that the power cable came with.  My other adapter doesn't work with my laptop either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item expecting to receive it in the mail.  I waited for it, and then it was delivered and I had to wait for it to arrive before I could install it.  After that, I had it up and running, and it worked for a few hours, then stopped.  The thing was a big disappointment, to say the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a very cheap card, but not as powerful as the other models.  I am very disappointed in this card.  Please consider something else, I can't believe the price! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After having trouble with the first Sony CDR1000, I got this one because of the high price and because of my friend who had problems with it.  This one has not been up to the task.  The first CDR900 worked fine for a couple of hours, then stopped playing music.  I had to return it and go to Sony.com for another Sony CD-ROM player.  After a month of use, this one broke and then I had a new CDR2000, which did not work at all.  It also cost twice as much as the first CD player!  I have returned both units and will never buy Sony again.  A better player would be an expensive one, but not as much of a hassle.  If you are not comfortable with CD-R900 and CD-RW-1000, do not buy Sony.  For $60 you can get a good one at Amazon.com 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed with the sound quality, however the price was a little steep.  I would give it a zero if I could get another product with a better sound 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a crappy product. I wish I hadn't bought it. I had a cheapo Sony stereo for a long time. I've had to listen to tapes in the car. You can't hear the sound. The car speakers aren't worth the money. The thing doesn't even have a power plug. I don't know why Sony makes this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does work.  But it does not work with my Macbook.  I am not sure why it is not working.  Please contact Sony to see if they can send me a replacement. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these for my wife.  They work ok, but it is just not worth it.  I wish I had spent $100 more on a cheaper option 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with the HP printer, but I can use it to print to it (the HP is connected to my router).  HP can't support the product, so I have a hard time getting it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is ok, but the connector is extremely difficult to get to work. i've tried everything  to fix this and it still doesnt work.  i've bought 2 of them and they still don't work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product expecting it to be a great improvement over my older CD player, but I find it's not nearly as convenient as I was expecting.  The CD player has a lot more buttons to navigate around, and I have to move my thumb all the way to the side of the player to activate the CD player when I want to listen to a CD.  If I'm doing a lot of listening to one CD at a time, I can forget which button I'm using to activate it!  Overall I'm very disappointed with this product.  I can't imagine it being worth the money when it's this hard to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the DVR to record my home TV show.  Unfortunately, I found that I could not use it on my computer.  You cannot use your remote for the DVC-HDX.  The DVC buttons and software are difficult to navigate.  I am now using my Sony DVD player to record the show.I did not even try to switch out my old DVR because I did not want to pay for a new one.  It was just a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After receiving my order and shipping it to my home, it stopped working.  After trying to use it to transfer some files (like my new printer) it wouldn't print.  It is now unusable!  I will return it and get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable for my Sony DZ70.  I had a couple of problems with it.  The first one was that it wasn't very strong.  And the second one was it didn't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this one!  I bought it thinking that the Sennheiser PX 320 was a good buy, and it wasn't.  Don`t expect it to hold your earbuds, but don't expect it will work with your iPod or mp3 player.  I tried both on the same system, and the one that worked with my iPod did not work with the PX.  The one that did work, however, did not hold my earbud's well, so I bought the P5's (it's an iPod only, and not an MP3 player).  Don\'t waste your cash on this.  Get an Senn HD 320.  If you want to listen to music, buy one with a volume control, if you want a full-size headphone, get the P1's.  This product is an absolute disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived to me as a replacement item in my order. The item was shipped to me by UPS and is not what I ordered.  I had to return it and am waiting on UPS to return my item.  Amazon's service was very poor in that it didn't recognize the item as my replacement when I told them what I had ordered. Amazon should send me a replacement without any problems 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking it would be great for the price, but it was really disappointing. I did not even use the product for 1 month before I decided to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item I received had the label on the side of the box that indicated it was a new item. I emailed back and forth with Amazon and they told me it was the original item that I purchased and they would be shipping me the replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not at all. This is a very cheap product. It is OK but not great. I did not get this for the money.  I bought it thinking I would have some protection against the "scuff" of the unit in my case. It did not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is junk! I tried to get a picture, but after a few tries, it started to do nothing. I would have given it another shot, but I didn't have the money to buy a replacement.  I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried several printers on the market and this one is by far the worst.  It's so slow that it would take almost twice as long to print a small page as with other printers.  I would avoid this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is defective.  If you do not need it, please buy a replacement item from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would give a bad book only three stars 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say this, I was a big fan of the product, and the price was right.  However, after just two days, the speakers stopped working.  I don't have a receipt for the speaker (but I have a warranty), so I can't report it as a defective item.  If the product was defective, it should be replaced with one of similar price range, or something better.  Don't waste your money on this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this card to record two DVDs, both played back fine, but the pictures are not very clear. The picture is blurry and the frame is not sharp. I could have gotten better pictures from another card.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is anemic. i got it yesterday. and it doesnt play mp3. the player doesnt have an SD slot.i dont know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it, and it worked for 1 month. Then, after a couple months, it started making the noises again. I returned it. Don't waste your money, just get a generic one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is not designed to handle the new iPod/MP3 player.  The iPod has a different connector, so this product does not fit in any iPod, MP3 player, etc.  It is a little expensive, but I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was very poor in the pictures.  I have a Panasonic GF20 (not the same one as the one listed here) and it worked flawlessly with no problems.  The difference between the GF20 and the Panasonic product is just very slight.  It was not even close to what I expected for such a low price.  My GF20 was a great electronic device, but the Panasonic one failed to deliver on that.  What a disappointment! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not hold a charge and does not fit my Macbook Air.  I am considering returning it.  A few other reviewers have had similar problems and I can understand why.  The Mac is more than 50 pounds and this card is not going to hold it.i have not used this card for 2 months and the battery still has not been charged.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting this to be a better soundcard than the one I use with my PC.  I got it, but it is not a good one.  It has a bad sound quality.  Maybe I should have gotten the one that came with my sound card.  But this one, although good, is still not worth the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my PC, and it didn't work.  It just sat there in the box and I couldn't get it to work. I would recommend against this product, just because it looks so cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use a Dell laptop, which has a USB stick, and a Dell digital device.  The stick is great, but the Dell has a problem with my laptop's USB port.  If I plug the stick into my laptop (which has the USB port), the stick will only work if I press the "S" button, which will open the "Plug-in" menu in my system.  Not sure what the problem is, but I can't trust the stick anymore.  I'd rather buy a USB device that's not built in to the system, or something else from Dell 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because it was advertised as a good electronic device, but it was not.  The sound quality is very poor and the remote is very unreliable.  I am considering returning this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked fine when connected to my PC and was connected to the network.  However, when I used the unit for my daily commute, it would not work.  I did not see any error messages or the unit's LED blinks.  Instead, the computer would just crash.  The only thing that saved me is that I installed the software on my desktop and left the unit plugged in while I went to sleep and woke up the next morning.  If I use it daily, I will have to send it back to Amazon for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the case is made to hold a DVD but it is not designed to hold my laptop.  the DVD would fall out if I left it alone, so I ended up paying the extra to get a case that would hold my machine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my husband to use on his Panasonic DVD player and found it to be very unreliable and difficult to use. I've had it three times since it was delivered and the first one would not work at all. I'll never buy another Panasonic DVD drive again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is so flimsy that it doesn't even hold it's shape when mounted to the wall. I had to use a paper clip to hold it up.  I would never recommend this antenna because it is so fragile.  If you want a good antenna, get a UHF antenna instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is just an average item and not a nice electronic device at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned my Sony DVD player.  The DVD player did not work.  It is very hard to find the switch that allows you to switch the video source from the DVD to the TV.  Very frustrating.  I am not sure how this is possible.  But Sony makes a good case for their product.  Maybe I just needed a different player. but this product does not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it was going to work.  The problem is the cable.  I had to go back to my original cable and buy a different one.  It's a nightmare.  Don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my old CD changer.  Unfortunately, it just isnt working, I mean it doesnt work at all.  I am still trying to get it to work and I have had to go back and buy a different model of changer that does work.  Very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product to run my HP EliteBook 8660G on a 10Mb network and only get 3MB/s down and 50Kb/s up. It's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had an HP Chromebook and it worked fine, but I had a Sony VAIO S20 that worked much better!  The S20 was more durable, lasted longer, and the sound was much better.  The HP Chromebook was more expensive and it was much more difficult to get it out of the bag!  I guess Sony is trying to make up for their mistake with the S20 with the HP.  I can't recommend Sony products anymore, since the HPs were so much better than the Sony.  Don't waste your money on this HP, just get the HP Chromebook! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Dell OptiPlex. I bought it to protect my hard drives and it is a total flop. I cannot mount my hard drive on this thing! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine for about a month or so. After that, it stops working. I've never had a problem with a phone before and I am not the target market.  I have two other phones that I will never use again and I would suggest that anyone else who uses this phone would do the same 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use in her camcorder.  It worked great for the first few days.  Then, it stopped working and was unable to connect to her cam at all.  I sent it back for a refund and never heard back.  This is definitely a fluke in the product's life and I'd definitely not buy another one from Amazon.  Don't waste your money unless you need it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been very disappointed in this product.  I've had to get two different ones just to keep it working.  The first one worked for about two months, but then it quit working. I had to take it apart again and reinstall the software.  What a waste of money!  I would not recommend this product to anyone.  Don't waste your money, get a different product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A very weak unit. The picture is great, but when you want to listen to the mp3, the volume is very low and the sound quality is poor. I have been a long time fan of Sony's CD player, so I had high expectations for this product. The sound is acceptable, but not the best, especially when compared to the competition 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my computer to connect my iPod and play my mp3's, but it did not work.  I will return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the thing that broke, had to go to my office and get a replacement, not worth the money.  i will never use a product from this manufacturer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver had some interference, but after a few weeks it stopped working.  I called the customer support, and the tech said that there are 2 versions of the unit: one with a fixed antenna and one without.  The fixed version is probably better, but I'd probably be better off if I just bought the antenna-free model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a small iPod that has been in use for over a year and I have only had the battery last a couple of weeks.  I am disappointed that this product is so hard to use.  The product was shipped in very small packages, which made the shipping difficult to track down.  There were no instructions on how to use the product.  A new iPod should be much easier to use and the product itself was so bulky that I had to use a screwdriver to open the case.  If you don't care about the product, there are other products that are much more convenient 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product to replace my old Sony CX-VG900 which is now a relic of my life.  But not only was it not a good replacement, it was also a pain to use.  I will not be using Sony products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After using these cables for about 2 weeks, the product no longer works!  I am now looking for a new one! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised.  If you put it in a USB drive you will have to remove the case to insert it and then screw it back in.  It is not strong enough for the size of the drive.  I have not found any way to make it work with the case so I have no hope for this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card to support a Sony DVD player, but it failed to support the player! I had to return it.The product is not of the best quality, as you can see from the pictures. It does not work well, and the price is a little too high 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking it was a great deal.  I was wrong.  It works ok, but you do have to remember to turn off the power before you put it in the car, otherwise it will burn your battery.  The sound is not very good.  This item would not even let me turn it off when it was in the trunk of the car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this, the product itself is fine, but the stand is horrible. I just can't stand the one you get with the stand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product within 3 days of ordering. It worked for about 10 days. After that, the printer stopped printing.  I emailed support and they sent me a new printer.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not the product advertised and does not work properly.  I bought this because I needed a new DVD player to replace my old one.  Unfortunately, it does not play DVDs.  Instead, it will only play Blu-Ray.  The only positive thing is that the player is very compact.  However, the player will not fit in the case unless you open the case completely.  You may want to purchase a player with a smaller case or something that will fit the case better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a piece of junk! It does the job but doesn't hold the volume.  The other thing is that the product does NOT come with a warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it arrived in two days.  I have no idea how this thing works and I'm out of warranty!  The CD player just wouldn't work with my iPod.  This is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  I am so disappointed in this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card in October 2005 and it has not worked since.  I am a novice user and have not owned this card since  September 2005.  This card does not use the card reader properly, which makes a lot of sense because this card is made by Kingston.  The reader is also very flimsy.  Kingston would have made this card more durable, but I did not see a way to repair this card to a working state. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took a while for me to get it to work.  But it was so unreliable that I didn't bother to return it.  It will not work with any iPod or iPhone that is not connected to the USB port. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this player for 2 weeks. It worked great, but the sound was not very good.  After installing a CD player with the same speakers, I had to do the same thing again.  I am now looking for something better.  It is really hard to say if you need to use the sound for music or for gaming.  The price is not good either.  If you don't want to spend more than $30 on a player, then I suggest you buy an iPod instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for three months.  It works for a while, but then stops working and stops all updates to the system.  I've had this same problem with the other product I had, the Sony S5000, that I've owned for two years.  Sony doesn't offer a replacement, so I don't know how to fix this problem.  So far I've spent about $200 on Sony products.  But Sony has really crappy products, so the price is really not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not fit into the Apple version of the iPhone.  The Sony model fits in fine but the sound is not as good as the iPhone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT worth the money.  The CD player is not stable and does not play at all.  If you want to record on your television, buy a different brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphones were not wired and did not have any ability to detect the signal in the ear.  If you have a good pair of headphones it may be ok, but I am very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this because the one I was looking for (A1C) did not work, so I decided to purchase the Sony CDM10N which does. However, it is too big. You need to be careful with it because it is big and the record ejection mechanism is too difficult to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not what I expected. The product that came with the DVD burner is NOT as it was advertised. The DVD burner has an orange sticker that covers the logo. I was hoping for something with an orange cover, not something that covers up the logo 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item on January 22, 2005 and had it shipped by February 18th.  The next day the cable broke and I had to order another one and it was shipped on February 20th.The item arrived on March 20th and I was not happy with the service and delivery.  I emailed Amazon to ask for a return, but Amazon said that the item was not defective and that the delivery fee was not refundable.  That is a lie.  Amazon's customer service is not to be trusted, but it is still an item that was defective.  Do not buy from Amazon unless you want a broken item.  You will pay for a broken cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product as a replacement for my LG UPN 8-GB SD card.  I bought the SD card in question because I wanted to transfer all my music and pictures to it (including my full collection of MP3s and DVDs).  The card worked fine until I started using it on the network.  The transfer speed was very slow and the network interface refused to connect to the card when it was in use.  If you have an SD card that is not working on your network, don't waste your time ordering a replacement card, just call your local phone book or Amazon customer service and ask for a replacement.  Amazon has the fastest customer service in the entire world and I would not recommend them for anything 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because I needed them to put on my PC. They do not fit, are very expensive, and they require to be placed in a special holder.I will be returning them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product about a month ago.  The first day it worked.  A week later it would not start, the battery was flat.  Finally, I returned it to Amazon and it was returned to me.  I do not recommend this product.  It did not work until the battery became flat. It worked when it started up.  However, after the battery flat started working again.  This product is not recommended by Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is not what I expected. The sound is OK, but not great 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this case on sale for $20 at Wal-mart.com. I received it and it was the wrong size. It's a little small for my 9" screen. It took me awhile to figure out the case size.  I returned it and bought a different case.  But I wouldn't buy this case again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the TV with Amazon Prime shipping and received it within 2 days.  It arrived on Aug. 20 and I immediately put it on the stand to check the picture.  I found that the picture was very poor.  Amazon Prime had a bad reputation with their customer service and it was apparent that Amazon Prime was not taking this product seriously.  After 2 weeks the TV stopped working.  The remote control was useless.  If Amazon Prime could not provide me with a replacement I will return it.  What a shame! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived and was defective.  The earphone was a little loose, but it did work.  We would return it, however, and never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD reader does not read CDs, so I bought this product to scan.  It does scan CD's, but is very slow.  I had to reset my CD player and then use this one.  So I returned it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earphones will last longer if you don't listen to the music while wearing them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am having trouble with this product.  I have a Sony MP-CD player and my sound is not coming through the CD player at all.  The player does not play CD's.  This is why I bought this product in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked fine for a while, then stopped working.  I'm glad it didn't break when I put the battery in.  However, the case itself is very cheap and the product itself is poorly made.  If you want to use this phone, I would suggest spending $50 or $100 more for something more substantial.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  The sound is fine but the volume is very low.  I bought a second one of these for my daughter and it sounded terrible.  If I am not mistaken, there are two problems with this item: 1. it is so small that it can't reach the speaker jack in the car and the volume control on the car stereo is so difficult to reach that you cannot hear the difference. 2. the remote controls are so difficult for people to use that I will never buy a product from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card didn't work at first.  A few days later, it worked fine.  Then the card died.  I had to return the card and replace it with another card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the product very often.  Unfortunately it is in the same category as the others that I have received.  I would not buy it again.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very flimsy.  It is much better than my old Sony Walkman, which is plastic and broke in my case.  I bought it hoping to replace my CD player and get something that was sturdy enough to carry around.  However, it broke.  If you're looking for something that will hold a CD without breaking, you'll have to do without the CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second electronic device I've had to return because it broke.  It broke at the base of the keyboard.  I didn't even bother sending it back, as I wanted to try out the one that worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not the best. I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Dell C720.  I have a Sony Z1, so I can't even use this product.  It is just an inferior product.I will never buy a Dell product again.  The product was cheap, but Dell was not ready to support it with a software update.  Dell could have avoided such a stupid mistake.  This is a waste of money.  Don't buy it.  Buy a good electronic device that actually works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bad electronic item - you cant even get the item to boot up.  The problem is that there is a problem with the hard drive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was the worst electronic device I've ever purchased.  It was very difficult to use.  I had to return it for another one that worked better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived quickly but after using it, it does not work.  There is no way to make it work without using the instructions on the manual!  If you do not like the product, do not buy from this seller!  I bought a different brand that works just fine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not exactly what I ordered. The color was a little bit too dark and the connection was not as strong as I expected.  The case was not that durable, so it could have been much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my HP LaserJet Printer and it was inoperable.  I contacted HP customer service and they told me that I need to ship the printer to them for repairs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this adapter because it looked and worked well. However, I noticed it did not work when I connected it to my HP printer (I have an HP ProJet Printer). I could not get it to work when printing anything larger than a single page.I do not know how the HP Printer software could be so buggy that it would not recognize this adapter! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product does not work.  I have tried 4 different printers and am just not seeing any difference.  The printing quality is terrible.  A friend of mine used it for about a month and it broke and now they don't have any pictures 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really bad electronic item. It has a scratch-and-dent edge on one side that is not recessed enough. If you use the side of the unit as a holder, you will need to remove the top part of the holder to get the rest of the case to fit into it, as it is only recessed 1/2" at the edge. If that wasn't bad enough, the sides of the device don't stick out the way you would like, making it hard to hold the case in one hand. It also does not come with an extra-long strap or anything else that would make the case more functional 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these to plug in a portable radio, but the antenna is too weak to support my small radio. I was told the antenna could be improved by replacing the wire with an RG-6 coaxial antenna which has better reception.  I am returning these as they will be too expensive for what they are, not worth the hassle. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work well.  It was a little tricky to get the memory card to eject.  Other card works perfectly.  I returned it.  Amazon won't accept return.  The only negative review is that they're not clear on the warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card to use with a 128MB memory card.  I use both with the card reader and the optical drive.  They both functioned perfectly.  But when I used the card with the optical media, it would randomly write to the optical device.  It would happen multiple times per day.  So I had to return it and get another memory card which works fine for my needs.  If you're looking for an SD card, you will have to be patient as you wait for the SD card to be soldered into the card holder.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to replace the older CD player.  The unit worked for a week, then started giving me random errors.  I've never had a CD player go bad so quickly.  What a shame!  The product was returned to Amazon and the price was refunded.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had two sets of this product in the last couple of years. The first one was a year ago and it worked, but not very well. The second one worked, just not as well as the first one. I guess they just have to get the product right this time around. I was expecting a bit more out of this type of product. It is a bit expensive for what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD burner does not have enough power to write DVDs in high speed (25x), even at 1.5x power. I have to turn it down to about half power to get the DVDs to write.  Also, the disc writing feature is useless if you write a blank disc.  I cannot use it to write any high speed disc without using a lot of power.  So it is worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return the product and get something else to replace it because the software did not work right.  I am using this for my home audio system and it will be a while before I can return it.  It is NOT a good product, I will not buy anything from Panasonic again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works ok. But I cannot believe it can be a "real" DVD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are really not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say this is one of the worst headphones that I have ever had to deal with.  The sound is poor and the cord is very uncomfortable.  I am glad that I bought this because it was cheaper than the cheap earbuds that I had been looking at.  If I had to buy this again, I would go for a cheaper pair 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is junk.  It does not work on my iBook G4.  I tried it on a HP Pavilion laptop and it worked fine.  This product should be returned to the manufacturer.  Don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and it worked for a while. Then, it stopped working.  It has a 5-star review about the card:  It worked for 2 days.  Then it stopped.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this item is not very useful. it's very difficult to find a connection point for it. I had to use a small plastic piece to hold the cord in place 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's laptop (a Lenovo Flex 14). The product is ok. It has to be in the case and the sound is a little weak, but noticable, so we decided to go with the second one, the Lenovo Flex 16.  The sound is better, but the product is far more expensive.  I am really dissapointed with the product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router to support a high-speed, low-power Internet connection.  Unfortunately, it does not offer adequate coverage of my house.  The antenna is very low-quality, with no directional strength.  We live on the coast, and the signal strength was weak enough for me to leave my home in San Francisco and use the dial-up connection. It was not very cost-effective.  If you are serious about Internet connectivity, I would suggest spending the extra $30 for a more powerful router, such as the Netgear RB-834R. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible piece of plastic, it takes forever to unload all your CDs.  They never stay in the case and eventually get eaten up by dust or bugs.  I just returned mine and will never buy another brand again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst electronic device I have ever bought. It is VERY slow and difficult to use. It does NOT make my printer look any better. I am sure I can fix it but it is so frustrating. I don't know if it is because I have a slow printer but I don''t think it is a problem with the printer itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a disappointment. I've bought other products in the past and this product was no different. It works great for a while then stops and needs to be recharged. I'd rather not pay for something I can't get the service for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works, but the sound is weak and barely adequate.  The price is too high.  Don't buy this unless you're looking for something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed a wireless microphone for my daughter.  I've used it for a couple of hours and have not had it work.  If you want to use this microphone, you'll need to buy a different type of adapter that will plug into the mic jack. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a great electronic device, but it does not fit my Macbook Air.  I tried to return it, but Amazon refused to accept it.  So I will return it for a replacement as soon as possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because my son and I use the iPod shuffle and it worked perfectly with the MP3 player.  However, it wouldn't play any MP3 files that I threw at it.  The MP3 is not the same format as the iPod, so I couldn't use it.It's not the iPod player I expected to be able to play MP3s, so it's not a big deal.  But it will cost me more to get an iPod player that will play MP4s than I did to buy this one.  I just can't believe it.I think I got a lemon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife, she is a computer tech, and we like to use an external DVD player to play DVDs. The product did work out fine for a couple of days but then it stopped working. After that it stopped functioning. I would never buy this again. I'm glad we bought a cheaper brand but Amazon's product seems to be much better than this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a chance to review an item from Amazon and thought I would write a negative negative review as I am not too pleased with this product.  The item is fine, however, I am having trouble finding a good review on Amazon so I thought I'd try a positive review instead.  Unfortunately, the product is not that great.  There are two major problems.  First, the cable is too short.  This is a huge deal for me because I do not have an ethernet cable and I need to have this with me all the time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was ok, but the connection wasn't that good.  It would take several attempts to get it to connect.  The unit is fine for the price, but don't expect great connection. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would give this a negative rating. I have a pair of headphones and the headphones won't stay put. The sound is not very clear. The microphone is not the best quality. I've had it two months now and it is still not fixed. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After a month, the player is broken!  Do not buy this product!  The sound is bad, and I cannot believe it is worth the money to get it repaired.  If you want something with sound, get an inexpensive mp3 player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as an alternative to the product from Amazon that I had bought a few months ago and I just couldn't get it to work.  After much Googling I finally discovered the problem.  The product is very slow, the pictures are very grainy and the picture is almost unusable when it's in full screen mode 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work with my Mac and my computer died after 2 months.   I contacted Amazon customer service and they did not offer any help 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my Sony AC-3100 player, which had an issue with my CD player (which was also a Sony product). I was able to get it to play just fine for the first few days, but then the player stopped working. I did try to return it and Sony sent me an item that is now useless, but the warranty will be voided if the player is not repaired by Sony within 30 days. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is not very good and I don't really want to waste my money on this.  I got it to test and it would not play any MP3s.  After a while I ended up giving it back and will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product as an upgrade for my Sony DVD player.  The product is fine for the price, but when I used it I was disappointed.  It does not play DVD's in the same format as my DVD player does.  I am looking for a DVD player that plays DVDs in that format.  This product will not hold up to the job 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product expecting the same as other ones on the market, that is, a solid DVD player. I found it to be inferior to others I had tried and it does not come with a DVD case.  I returned it for the one offered by the other seller.  My disappointment with this product is the lack of support from Sony, who has not responded to my emails and phone calls. I will never buy from Sony again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the 2GB memory card for my Sony PSP and it worked fine for a couple of weeks but then I started getting some errors and it would not read any memory.  After looking into the memory card I found it was actually a 512MB memory card that had to be reformatted to 512MB.  I did try and reformat it and it still did not work.  Since I was not going to be using the card again for any other games I returned it and the seller gave me a new one but it has a scratch off label and it does not fit in my PSP case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is horrible!  I am sure it will do the job, but I'd rather have my own brand.  I was using a card from Amazon that worked fine, and the one from Toshiba was junk.  Amazon's is much more expensive, so if you need this card, get something from Amazon or Toshiba, or buy a new card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card to save my old SD card. It worked fine for a while, but then the card started to glitch out.  The card would go into a reboot loop after a few hours, and then come out of the reboot loop.  If I didn't power down the card, it would just stay in a loop, then reboot and go back into a loop.I returned it and bought a generic SD card with a memory card.  That worked great, and now I have 2 SD cards with a total of ~500 MB, not even the amount of memory that this card offers.  This card is a waste of money.  Buy something that is compatible with your card.It is a shame to have to use such a card, because the memory card would otherwise be very handy.  But for the price, I don't think this card was worth the money.If you can get a memory stick, then this card is not worth buying 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product and tried it, but I can't get the screen to be functional.  There is no "backlight" that illuminates the screen.  It just stays on when the mouse is moved.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very unreliable. I have lost about 1/4 of my storage.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product.  I am very disappointed with this product because I will not use it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not reliable, this is my third one.  I don't know if I am getting a faulty unit or it is a flake in the glue.  If you can, try with a different brand, it is much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable about a month ago.  It worked fine for about a week.  Then, after about 2 weeks, the right channel went out.  I called Apple and they gave me a new one.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony product and it worked great for 2 months.  Then it stopped working.  The picture quality is horrible.  It does not record well.  I would never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very pleased with the product.  But it is extremely difficult to use in the U.S. because the plug is very small and flimsy.  It also has a very small cord.  If you are going to use the plug to recharge the device, make sure you purchase a longer cord. I found that a 2m one works fine and it can be used while driving.  So you can use your car's rear defroster to recharge your device and it won't make a mess of it.  Don't buy this product if you intend to use it on the highway 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones sound great, but they can't hold my full-sized earphones.  I've had these for over a year and they're still in the same condition.  Don't waste your money on these, buy an earbuds.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recently purchased this product.  I like it a lot, but the case is very difficult to carry and use, it is hard to hold in one hand and the button is very hard to press.  The price of the product seems reasonable, but in my case it is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been through 5 different ones.  These work fine for about 3 weeks.  Then they start acting funny.  They freeze and can't be activated again.  The first one just stopped working after about 5 minutes.  I don't know what happened.  Don't waste your money on these, they won't last you longer than a week.  Get something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A very disappointing purchase from the big name brand. I bought this as my wife had an HP Pavilion, so I was very excited when I received it. But it was a complete flop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total nightmare.  If you have an older Mac, you'll get a better product by just purchasing the newer product from Amazon.  It will still work, but this product is very poorly made and will require you to troubleshoot it in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product, its not a good one.  Its just an overpriced printer.  Not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable because it was cheaper than the other ones I had.  It was too short, too short.  I could not use it for more than a few minutes.  There is a good chance I will have to return this cable.  No warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this unit for almost two months and I can't seem to get it to work.  It works for a while, but then crashes and shuts off.  I'm not sure if it is the unit or the software that is causing this.  If you are looking for a small player with the same functionality as the Pioneer DVD player but for less money, I would recommend this product: Sony CDX-1 player, AmazonBasics player, or the Linksys CDX player.  You can't even get the DVD player to work, much less the player itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am extremely disappointed with this product. I expected it to work and it did not. I called customer service and they are sending me a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because I could not find anything that would work on my Mac mini, it's a little small and thin but it works fine but the CD player is slow.  This is a huge waste of money.  I do not use my DVD player so I could care less about this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is too small for the size of the case that it's supposed to be.  Don't waste your money on it.  The price is pretty high, but not by much.  Buy a cheaper case, such as the case from Amazon, or just get one of the cases that I use, which is not as expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a waste of money.  It works ok for a few months, but after a few weeks it stops working.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very excited when I first bought this product. I was able to connect to my HP laptop and get it to boot up with the original HP drivers.  However, it was not until my HP gave me the option to install Windows Vista (which I did) that I discovered that the mouse could not be connected to the USB ports and required a USB-to-PC adapter to connect the mouse to the mousepad! The mouse was very flimsy and did not stay in one position for very long.  It was very frustrating to use because I had to constantly check the buttons to get it in the right position every time I pressed them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was purchased as a spare part for my Sony Vaio e-mail client. However, it does not work with this client. It simply does not recognize the e-mails. I was really hoping it would work because I use Sony's mail client extensively. I really don't know how I got it wrong. The customer service representative that I talked to was not very helpful. I had to return it and buy a different one. I will be sending a negative feedback about another electronic device - if you buy it, buy the spare part that it was intended to replace. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is good, but the receiver is difficult to use because of the need to adjust the volume while the system is operating. I would have given it a 5 star review if I had any reason to do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as I needed a small radio with a small antenna.  I was not disappointed.  They work, but they have one of the shortest antennas on the market.  If I had the money, I would invest in something with a longer antenna. I will never buy a product from Radio Shack again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to use my mp3 player, but the playback is very inconsistent and the microphone is very hard to use, even with the remote.  I have been to many stores and Amazon and Amazon.com both offered to send me a new mp3 for free, which I accepted.  The mics in the mp3 players are not interchangeable and do not fit my player well, so I have had to return my mp2 which was working fine.  This is a waste of money and I am disappointed that Amazon would send me something that is not the same product as the one I paid for.  Amazon needs to recall the MP3 product and not offer it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card worked for a while but after a few months stopped functioning.  I contacted customer support and they said it was a software glitch.  They sent me a replacement card and it works perfectly, but I don't recommend this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a huge disappointment.  I was hoping that this would give me some control over the radio reception.  The reception is very weak.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These units don't work out of the box.  If you want a CD player with CD/DVD playback, you're gonna have to buy an external player that can be connected to these.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is terrible.  The only thing that was useful was the remote control.  I don't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for about a year and it is completely unusable.  I can't get it to work with my Sony DVD player and it has stopped working completely.  It is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these about 2 years ago and it started to die within a year and a half.  I replaced them with a generic product and they work perfectly.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this item. I used it for my wife and her daughter to do some work and it did not work. I called Sony customer service and they offered to exchange it for a different item. They also told me that they would give me a credit for the cost of shipping.  I declined. I would never use this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is made of glass and bends very easily. It would have been nice to receive signal over the antenna.  I will be looking for a different antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine until you get it out of the box. It isnt really usable in the normal usage pattern, but when you put it on your PC and you get to the end of the program, it will freeze.  The other problem is that you have to go to the settings to reset the virus or whatever that you get from the software on the product.  It takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A little disappointing. I had to return my unit because the power button is very sensitive. I couldn't even turn it on with my finger! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is very cheap, but it does not come with a stand.  It is not adjustable, therefore it is very difficult to use.  I had to put my keyboard up to the side to get it to stand properly, which was quite painful!  I also had to buy a stand because I can't get it down on my desk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a really crappy mp3 player.  the sound is pretty much inaudible and the player gets hot to the touch.  i would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a piece of junk. I have to replace it every year because it will not hold its shape and the contacts sometimes fall off. The product is very flimsy. It is hard to hold onto the unit, so if you drop it, it will fall and be damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure what this is.  It's useless.  I've got a cheap laptop that works fine.  The software is broken.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is very disappointing. I would not buy this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a few things I want to try before I get a Sony one. I like the remote, but the batteries don't last as long as they used to. I'll buy another brand if they make one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was great for my laptop. However, the only way to use it is to connect it to a USB hub, which is a total pain in the butt 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does not work properly. It does not record when inserted into my PC, and it will not eject when I press eject button 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the CD player is nice to have.  I bought this because the player I bought was defective.  after 2 weeks the player just stopped working.  i returned it and bought the one I received from Amazon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earphones are not worth the money.  They fit OK, but they do not fit my ears properly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless. The volume control is very slow and not responsive.  I would never buy another brand of iPOD again.  If you want a compact iPOD with volume control and can't or don't want to spend $100 on a new one, get a Panasonic. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these and they don't work. They don't even work in my DVD player and they make my car radio stop working. I am returning them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the iDRAC6-8G, it works fine until you want to copy a DVD or a digital device onto it. Then it does not work.  I do not have the problem with my previous unit, it worked great.  If you have that problem, it is not a problem with the iDAC6, its just a problem of getting it to copy.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product in Feb. 2000 and it lasted less than 2 yrs. Then one day it started failing and my printer is now dead.  I'm really disappointed with this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised. The product works, but not as well as my old Panasonic unit, which I bought new for $150.00 and which I love.The product works well for my home studio, but I would buy something better if I had to do this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recieved this item and the instructions were very confusing.  I was only able to set up my new Dell Wireless Card.  The card did not work at all and did not connect to my network.  If I do not recieve a credit, I will return this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is ok. the unit is poorly made.  you have to push the buttons a couple of times in order to hear anything. it's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product to record my wife's music on her mp3 player. I am a novice and it is a pain in the neck to use! The only problem is that it will not play some of the newer mp3's. If you want to record your music right, buy an official mp3 device like this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this product about 6 months ago.  I've had to replace it twice now.  It has two problems.  The first is that the memory is almost completely full.  That is a big problem.   The second is that it does not record the exact time when you turn it on or off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this phone because I didn't want to use my old flip phone. I was very pleased with it until I needed to send it back. The phone has very low battery capacity and the dial tone button is very slow and the battery life is very low. I can't figure out why it isn't working right 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work. I tried many times to get it to work and was told by other customers that it does. It does not. The card is very poorly designed and is very flimsy. I would have preferred the original design of this card which is much better than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very disappointing product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product because I am a small person.  I was surprised to find that it does not work with my iPhone 5.  It has to be plugged in the charger to be used.  So I had to return it and get another product that works with my phone.  The product description on Amazon is wrong.  They have not said anything about the charger itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poor electronic device, and will not hold a charge.  The battery is not large enough for the type of charge you will be needing.  I will return the item, as I do not know of another charger which would fit my needs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this and received it and immediately lost my connection.  I am a very tech savvy person so I do not believe that a cable was defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a good printer to print with my Canon ink.  This printer does not work well with Canon ink!  The paper you print with will come out blotchy!  I can't print at all!  Buy a different printer, and do not buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable is okay, but the product is junk. I would have been better off buying something from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am extremely disappointed in this product.  The sound quality is acceptable but the cable needs to be replaced if you have to go over 200 ft to get the signal.  It is impossible to hear the difference in the distance between your radio and the satellite.  I would rather spend a little extra on a good antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is too small and flimsy. the software is very slow.  I had to reinstall the software to get the screen to respond, and it was very slow for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones are very cheaply made.  They do not fit my head very well, which is bad for a wireless headset.  I've had to send them back.  Don't waste your money unless you're willing to wait for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst mp3 player I've ever used. I had to send it back because it kept skipping over tracks and I had no idea why.  I'll never buy another mp3 ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poor product. The product works ok if you have a high quality antenna, but the reception is poor.  The antenna is too small and weak to receive even the smallest signals.  I'm still looking for a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is pretty nice, but the volume is a bit too high for my taste.  I would definitely buy a different model, maybe a more expensive one to make up for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not the best product I have ever owned. The sound is not as loud as the other products I have bought. I did not have to replace the sound card, it is just that I cannot stand the noise.  I will not buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this printer at Wal-Mart and it was not as advertised.  The paper comes out a little to quickly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a couple of these cards and it worked fine for the first 2 days.  Then one day I got an error message and they wouldn't start.  The next day it started up and I could not get it to boot up.  I have had my card for a few months and it is now unusable.  So I am returning it.  Don't waste your money on this.  If you want a card that will actually work for you, get an IBM.  IBM cards are the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy anything from Amazon, if you can get it at a good price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for the price tag and received it and it is just awful.  It isnt even as sturdy as the original iPod (which is not that expensive) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is a very expensive piece of junk.  You can see the picture and then it is gone.  It is just not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a new model and i was expecting it to be a better quality, but its just not worth the money. i had to return the unit because it wouldnt charge.  its really disappointing that its not worth buying if you can get a better one at a reasonable price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this for about 6 months.  It worked for a few months, then stopped working.  The only way I can use it now is to plug it into a different TV (which is very inconvenient).  This one would not hold my DVD.  Very disappointed in Amazon! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to connect my Sony camcorder to my laptop and to the TV.  The product is a huge disappointment.  I could not get the connection to work, and the product itself was defective.  It was a complete waste of money.  Amazon.com returns it, not the Sony Corporation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst thing I have ever purchased. It's the worst MP3 player I've ever used 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is junk.  i would not buy again.  it is way too bulky for the money.  its a shame to waste all this money.i would recommend you check out an iSleeve. it is cheaper, better and has a bigger battery! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I could not find a smaller USB device at the time I needed one. I was so excited when it arrived!  But when I actually used it, it turns out to be a piece of junk.  I tried using it with a computer, but it is so fragile that it won't stay connected to the computer.  So don't buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very slow. I've had to change my data transfer rate to about a 10k (or less) to get any work done.  I think they should consider replacing this product with something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable and it lasted maybe one month.  The other ones I got from Amazon I had lasted 5 or more months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product as a gift for my husband. I am so disappointed in the performance of this product.  The product is not as advertised, because it has a tendency to randomly drop and not keep on it's feet. I use this product only a few times a month and I am always disappointed with the performance.  I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return it as the unit is defective.  It does not work with the HP printer (black & white) in HP Color & Ink 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the unit in the mail on Saturday. I opened the box and plugged it in. The unit started fine, but within a few minutes the unit stopped working! I then called the manufacturer and the person that answered said that the power cord was the problem. The customer service person said it was a power cord issue, so I guess I should buy something else, but I don't want to buy the $200 replacement unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not at all happy with this product, it doesn't work with any of my DVDs or Blu-rays 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card and it worked for about 3 days. But when I rebooted it, the card got stuck and wouldn't work. I returned it and bought another card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money, get an S-Play instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a few different brands of DVD drive in my PC.  They have all been unreliable and I am very disappointed in Sony's product.  I bought one at Radio Shack and it worked perfectly for a week, but then stopped working after a few months.  Sony's replacement product was almost as bad.  The first one I bought worked fine for about a year and a half.  Then it broke and the drive now won't even boot up, much less play DVD's.  Don't waste your money on Sony!  Buy something better! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to use with a Sony DVD player. It is a nightmare. You need to hold the switch down while the disc is moving. You can't see anything unless you press the button, and it is very difficult to find the disc in the tray. You will get an error if you attempt to eject it.The best part is the case. It's cheaply made, and is very flimsy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it was advertised as being able to record your audio from your iPod/CD player in stereo.  Unfortunately, it does not have stereo capability.  I have not tried it in the iPod and I'm not sure if it will work in other iPods. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones sound great and they are made by JVC.  Unfortunately, they have a very small size compared to my Sony headphones.  I have had to return them because the sound was not that great.  The sound is fine, but I would not recommend them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was defective and the warranty didn't cover the cost. I contacted the manufacturer and they offered to send me another item that is supposed to be an identical item. The original is now defective and will not work. They would also like me to return it.I won't buy from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it for my wife to use with her new Sony PS3, and it has not worked for me!  The picture is blurry and the sound is horrible.  I returned it and am hoping Sony can fix it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card because it was cheaper than the competition. Unfortunately it did not work for me, and the software that is supplied with it is very unintelligible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for a month and it isnt working anymore.  I bought it at Amazon and was told it wasnt compatible with the iPod nano.  It wont play any music on it and will only play some mp3's.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit thinking that it would work, but it didn't.  It worked fine with my iPod but didn't work with my DVD player.  I thought it would be a problem with my player because it had to use the optical drive (not the player) to record.  So it just didn't make the connection.  But the DVD player did make the best connection, which is a big problem because it is supposed to have that feature.  This product just doesn't work.  The product's user manual says the drive needs to be in "optical mode" and the unit needs to stay in "magnetic mode" because the optical drives don't like the "magnet" or "bounce" of the magnet.  If this product was a real product and actually worked, I would have returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to connect my Sony DVD player to my computer.  Unfortunately, it doesn't work.  I've tried it with a couple of different brands of cable, none of them work.I tried it in a hotel room and it worked fine.  If you buy this cable, don't buy it if you intend to use it on a computer at home 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit for my daughter who wanted to use the computer in her home office.  The product does not work.  I called customer service and they told me that the unit is not defective.  They told me to wait a few days and the unit would be repaired for me.  So I waited a few more days, and it was not fixed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived at my house and it worked fine. Then I went out and bought another item and the one that worked stopped working. It is just a sad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I received the item was in the mail. I tried it and it worked.  But then it failed.  It worked again after 2 days and it did not work.  I am not sure if I am supposed to wait a week for the return.  The next time I would be giving this a try.  Maybe the return address was wrong 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a poor electronic device. The sound is not loud enough to be considered a good electronic device but it will cost you to keep it up 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a cheap mp3 player with no functionality.  I can't even play any songs from the disc with it.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in the process of replacing my laptop (with HP Compaq Elite G700) with an HP Pavilion Elite G510.  This is a great product but I wish HP could at least offer a backlight that will dim the display when the lid is closed.  I bought this because I wanted a back light that could be controlled remotely.  The HP Compay does have a dimmer button that is great but I am not comfortable using it at all!  The lid-mounted dimmer is a terrible thing.  Don't buy this unless you want to be able to dim your laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is very fragile, the DVD slot is not very strong, and the DVD player is a little difficult to use.  The CD player has a lot of play and pause buttons which I don't like.  I would recommend looking elsewhere.  Overall, I am disappointed with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work for me.  I used it with an iPod and it worked ok.  But when I used the iPod with this product, it wouldn't hold the iPod!  I had to return it!  Don't buy this product unless you know what you are buying! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is not great. The sound is barely adequate to the sound from the earbuds you normally use. I can't say the same about the speakers.  The speaker is so small and so weak that it is difficult to hear.  It sounds so tinny that I wonder if I can even use the speakers at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product hoping that it would be a great electronic device. I bought a 16GB memory card (with 1GB of space) and had to return it because of the poor card reader. I used it for about three months and found that the memory card was completely corrupted, the read speed had dropped to less than 40Kb per second. This card reader is NOT recommedable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed when I received this product.  It works great for the first week or so then after a month or so you get this black hole sound.  I am not sure what the problem is but I will never buy a cheap product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has an awful sound quality.  If you are buying this product for your PC, get a cheap player instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my home computer and I have to agree. The product itself is OK, but it is absolutely horrible. I have had the product for 4 days and it is completely unplayable. I would NEVER buy this product again!The only way I have found to make it usable is to unplug the connector, which I do every night and it still functions. But it is soooo much more tedious than just unplugging it and plugging it back in. I will never buy a product from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cables and the quality is terrible.  They are also more expensive than the cheaper ones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is not reliable.  You can see the card being used, but the card does not recognize it.  It is impossible to have it go through the entire program without losing a lot of data.  The card is slow and does not work with most applications.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bit of a pain, but not worth it.  No USB 2.0 support, and there is a limit to the number of USB ports that you can use on a single card (I had four).  The only positive thing I have to say about it is the fact that it is small and can fit into a small case, which is very nice, and allows you to carry it around with you.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very poor and the sound card is not user friendly.  I will never buy another item like this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed. I used it once for my daughter's iPod, and it did not work, no way. I thought it was a glitch with the case, but after trying it a few times, it's really not a glitch. I would return it and I won't buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card and it didn't work.  The card is a very small size (the same as the one I used on my old cards).  I also ordered the one that works and the one arrived a week later.  So I returned it.  Don't waste your money unless you know what you're doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a friend who wanted an MP3 player that also plays DVDs and was also in the process of moving house and needed an MPD player for her and her husband to record music for their new house.  Unfortunately, I am not a DVD burner so I cannot use this player.  I was able to use it for my personal music and the sound quality was OK but not great.  The sound is a little better if you record from a CD player which is why I bought it.  It has an auto play function but it did not work for me.  If I want to listen to music and record it with my MP3 players I will have to buy another player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because my wife had a problem with the older product that came with it.  It worked great for a while, but then started to become sluggish.  We finally got a new one and it's a different experience than what I had with my previous product.  I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't do any more than an average USB device.  Don't buy this product.  There is better ones out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router for my office to use.  But it is slow, not stable and the antenna is flaky.  It also costs a lot!  If I want a more stable router, I would use an Amazon Firewire 400.  Amazon has better quality products, and Amazon has a better warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used these in a couple of different phones and they are very slow.  I had to return the phone and buy something else.  It is certainly not worth the price tag 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones that came with this unit do not fit the same as the others I bought from Amazon. The ear pieces are a bit wider and longer than the ones I got at Amazon, and the headband is much too wide and long. It also comes with a very large battery that does not fit in the ear cups.The microphone is also too weak. I would have preferred a microphone with more range and sound quality, such as the one I bought at Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was an upgrade from the previous one that worked well.  However, the price of the product has gone up dramatically since the original.  You will pay a lot more for a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product, thinking that it was the most compact wireless card ever. Well, I've tested it with a Motorola mp3 player and it's a total flop.  The card itself is OK, but the lack of memory on this card is a killer. It can hold just 16 files (which is OK if you're only listening to a couple of songs), but the memory is so tiny that the player has to scan all 16 files before it starts listening.  I have used this product about a dozen times with no problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a bit expensive for what you get, but is not worth it, for the price you pay.  The product works OK, but not great.  If you don't need to run an application, I'd suggest getting a cheaper one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not good at all, not at all.  I would never buy this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was advertised as having a built-in antenna. I just couldn't believe it.  You have to be in the mood to set the antenna manually with the antenna selector.  Don't waste your money on this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is defective! I used to use it to record music. I will never use it again! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very cheap and not very functional.  I can't even get it to work with my Panasonic DVD player.  The only way to turn it on is to use an external device to hook up the DVD player which I can barely hold.  It's very fragile and is not easy to hold. The software doesn't work very well and is almost unusable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total waste of money! I have had the product in my car and it has had no problem at all. I've returned it and will never buy another brand again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work for me, at least the way I was used to. It is a little more expensive than a standard mouse.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is not compatible with the new HP ZX10.  The case is so small that it wouldnt fit into my case, so I had to return it.  I will be returning this item to HP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this printer to use with the HP printer I had. The problem is that HP has made it so that you must print with the cartridge you purchased in order to use the printer. This printer works for only about two pages, then stops and won't print anything unless you re-press the cartridge. I have had to do this several times to get the printer to print something. I was able to get it to print a few pictures and then get to work.  I've had to get a replacement printer that I can use for business purposes and will be returning this one.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to replace my old PDA which worked fine, until my iPod started to crash. I had to buy a new one, which came with a warning sticker that advised it might be defective.  I called Sony about this and they sent me a replacement iPod with the same problems.  The PDA worked fine on my first attempt.  But after that, it stopped working!  Sony said it was a software problem.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does what it says and then comes back and tells you it is broken.  I bought it expecting a replacement as it had lasted all of three days and then died.  So I'm a little disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just wanted something that would fit in my pack, and I am disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A bit pricey for the amount of memory it comes with.  However, the memory is not usable.  It will not save files to the external drive in Windows Vista.  I have two of these, and I've had both of them crash, and it was my fault, not the Toshiba drive's.  If you really want a portable CD/DVD player that can save your movies and photos, go with the Panasonic BD-J-S7, which is much cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not fit my printer. It is almost like it was designed to be used on another printer, and not by my printer at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my office mate who is a graphic artist.  The mouse works ok, but the rubber pad is a pain in the neck.  Don't waste your money if you're not an artist! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is an upgrade from the original and the problem is that the first time I used it, it would not work. I returned it and bought another one. Same problem, again.  I am just using the new card and it works just fine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing broke right in half the first day, I thought it was just me and bought another one to replace it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes longer to transfer files from one machine to another. It also takes longer for my laptop to boot.  I wish it was more than 5 times faster.  If I had to do it over again, I would not buy this product again 
