Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this as my primary camera and mp3 player.I used it with my Panasonic I used to record my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil, and it is perfect. It saves tons of space on my SD video camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio/Video. It also makes my SD audio/video work much better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I used it in New Jersey and it worked perfectly.I also used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. It saves you tons of space on your power cords and keeps your car totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. The only thing that keeps it from being perfect is the fact that the card only takes up one 5 pack of SD Audio. I used to run my camera but now it takes up 2.5.  I'm using SD Audio and AC3.5, but I'm going to try my luck with something else. This is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's incredible and you get so much space on your card for your SD video and still photos. It's also very compact and has lots of other features like SD Audio and VGA. I used it to replace my CF card just as advertised.  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It even includes a clip for driving with the volume/buzzer/radio/CD player all the way up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. It's the first time I've used a digital camera and I've been very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly your car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony camcorder and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's super price and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly your car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my last remote quit using it after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it's only 256MB. I used it for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio, and now I can't run it at all. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I get the feeling that it will be my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and it worked perfectly. I used my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq all day long. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my digital cameras and ipa perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it with my 2013 Hyundai, and get excellent results with the unit even at night with the car off.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It was so fast that I used my camera non stop until it captured every frame. It worked perfectly and was very easy to use.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected. Worked perfectly, and is very quiet.  It came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera and digital camera all the time without it bogging down. It's also so easy to copy anything to and from it.  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  It's so fast, I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and it takes about 30 minutes to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing. No lag or slow down.  It makes my camera perform better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Belkin because the Belkin had quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio/Video combo. The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that you can't use SD Audio and Photo at the same time.  This is a major bureacrat hole that needs to be plugged in. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing! You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I used it with my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound and you can even use CD player and radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera and mp3 player non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's also very fast and can copy any video or audio to and from it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can even get different power options to match the perfectly. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that you can't use SD Audio or AC adapters with it. This is a pain in the butt to use. I use it with my Panasonic I used to record my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. This is amazing. It's so fast and it's so small that I use it exclusively for my camera and ipaq. No lag or slow down at all.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes up two of my CF cards (in order to work with it).
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it all over the world, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down at all. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It makes it so much faster.  I used to own but my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it for my digital cameras and ipaqs and can run them completely secure.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio.  I use it for my MP3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. You get different mAH batteries to match yours perfectly.The only thing I can complain about is the fact that the SD Audio and Radio don't work very well. I use my Belkin, but that's about it. The Belkin takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This one takes forever and is noisy as hell.  You get smaller mAH mAH and L mAH models to match perfectly.  Not as much noise, but it's still there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  It makes my camera perform better.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing and I get better quality photos.  No lag or slow down.  I use it for my camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That is amazing. The only downside is that the card takes up two slots, one is full and the other is half full. This is a little inconvenient, but not much of a problem. The unit also takes up three slots, but I use it mainly for my camera and mp3 player and not my ipaq. This makes the unit much more efficient. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected. I used to replace my Belkin and get better sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5MB/s.I'm very satisfied with this and it's very easy to copy any and all your photos to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. It's very fast and the price is very good. I use it for my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it all over the world, and have used better and worse. This one is perfect for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipec, ipak, ipq, and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and use it daily. I used it in the USA and it worked perfectly.I use it for my iPod, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. This card comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that it takes up two SD Audio outputs. I use the Belkin for my DVD and radio. This one is soooo sloooooow. You can use your Belkin to watch HDTV, but not much else. I'm using my Belkin as my remote. This is soooooo much more convenient.  It takes up one Belkin.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  No lag or slow down when driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound and is very easy to use. I use it on my digital camera and ipaq, mp3 player and ipc.  Great sound and can be powered by my batteries. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It also takes SD and HD video very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and the card can be formatted to work with it. I also use it to run my digital camera non-stop until the SD Audio is full. No lag or slow down. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it in my camera all the time.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It was perfect and I can run my digital camera all night without losing my signal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec, ipak, ipc, mp3 player, ipq and ipaq.It's super and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. No lag or slow down. The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at SD video quality. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I'm very satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The only thing I can say about it is that you get the feeling that it will last forever. It's super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It worked perfectly. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player all day long without slowing down. It is also very small and light. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps (6.5MB/s). This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. It saves tons of space on my SD and CF card. The only thing that could be better is the fact that it takes up two SD or CF cards, but it's not a huge deal. I use it for my digital cameras, ipas, ipq and ipc all at once.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It's perfect for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq perfectly.The only thing that I dislike about this is that the design is so sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it for my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, small form factor and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it to replace my Belkin and get the same results. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That is amazing. This card is super and keeps it totally secure while driving. No lag or slow down while driving at all.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. I use it with my Panasonic I used to get my digital cameras to work better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and is so easy to use that I can run my mp3 player and radio completely secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing. No lag or slow down at all. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it to replace my Belkin. This one is much larger, uses a lot less power, and takes up much less space in your car perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car exactly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better and I can save tons of space on my SD audio. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different size SD and SD audio, so there's no extra adapters or cords needed.The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that it takes up 2 Mof batteries when using it with my camera. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I use to take pictures, but other than that, it's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera at full frame rate with no lag or slow down. It's so fast and it's so easy to use that I'm using it as my camera now.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is super and I use it on all my digital camera, digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and the price is great. I use it in my MP3 player, mp3 player and ipaq. No lag or slow down 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it doesn't work with SD Audio.I used to own but just threw it away.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use this for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. No slow down or slow-down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  No lag or slow down.  It's so fast that I can run my CD player and radio all day long and it will still be totally secure while driving.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure when driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it all the time and I use this card to copy all my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipa and ipaq back to and from it all of the time. No lag or slow down and it takes better pictures.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well, especially for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I also get the feeling that these are very durable and won't come in the mail if your car falls off the road at any time.  It also keeps your ipaq totally secure and totally secure on any incline while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with this and recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I've used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera, and makes it perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it as my SD video camera, digital camera and ipaq all run much better. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my Sony digital camera, ipaq and ipak. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipq, ipa, ipx and ipaq at the same time.  It saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That's amazing. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera, ipaq, ipec, ipc camera and ipaq. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. No slow down or slow up.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast and is so easy to use that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq.  It saves tons of space on my power cords.  I use them with my Belkin and get tons of extra power and space to mount my Belkins on top of them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq all of which have different sizes and can be cumbersome. The Kingston 256MB SD card is super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. You get different speeds and different sizes for different price points. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It is so fast that I can run my video and radio without lag or slow down.  I used to own but had to pay almost 30 bucks just for the shipping and the adapters that come in the mail don't work with it.  If you use CD player and radio, you need to use different ones or you will get lag.  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving perfectly.  I used to replace my stock camera in my car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player at full speed on my camera. This card can even be formatted to work with SD Audio.The only downside is that the unit takes up two SD Audio adapters just to keep it totally secure while driving. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the Philippines and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  This makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected and was the first time I've used it. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq and it worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that there's no SD Audio or VGA output.  You can use it with a computer and use VLC or MP3 player but it won't work very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. I use it on my digital camera all the time. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.I used it to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq.It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down at all. Great sound. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.  It takes my camera perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it with my camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It's super fast and has the extra space for my SD Audio and Video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that there is no SD Audio support.  This is definitely not a deal-breaker for me but I would not recommend using it for driving at any time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, mp3 player, ipak, ipec, ip3, and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can also get different models with different sizes for different car perfectly, making it a no brainer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get great results. No lag or slow down.  I use it with my Panasonic XT and use my SD camera all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. Great price and you get different size covers for different car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  Great sound.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it keeps them totally secure while driving.  It even has built in SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well, especially for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  The only thing I dislike about this is that the SD Audio is only available via the CD player. I use my radio.  This isn't a deal breaker for me but it is something that I need to be aware of.  It is also very easy to replace with different sizes if needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s. That is super. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video. It also takes SD Audio & Video without lag or slow down. This is perfect for my Sony camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down.  It is so easy to copy anything to and from it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It is so quick that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing! I use SD Audio and mp3 in my movies, and can run them full-speed. The only thing I can't do is copy them to and from my ipaq, but that's not a big deal. I use CF cards for my mp3 and ipa so there's no need to copy them there. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player at all times. No lag or slow down.  I use SD Audio and WAV as the default audio and video formats. This CF Card is so much faster that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio or Video recording. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx and ipaq.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered and worked perfectly. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.It was the very first time I've used it. Worked perfectly.I also used it as my remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. No lag or slow down.I use it on my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving.I used to replace my stock CD player and radio.The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that it doesn't come in the mail the day Iordered. I've sent it back twice now and both times it's come inthe mail exactly 2 days after Iordered 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. I can use it with my camera all the time without lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and radio all day long without it stuttering. The only thing that slows it down is the fact that it takes up 2 slots on my SD Audio. You get a lot of different sizes and prices to match your car perfectly, but this is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. It makes my camera perform better and is much cheaper than other brands that require you to use the included SD Audio codec. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's super and I've used it a number of times now. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That is super. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to run my camera all night at night. No lag or slow down. Great price and you get different capacities to match any car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my main card on all my digital camera, digital camera and ipaq.  It's so fast, that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full, and get a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Belkin everytime I used Belkin. This one is so much quieter and you can use it as a remote as well. Good sound and you don't have to keep the Belkin plugged in at all times. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  It's super and it makes my camera perform better.  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked perfectly.I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different types of mAH batteries for different sizes of car perfectly (even if you use different sizes). The only thing that stands out here above all the other mAH products is that you get the batteries in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's fast and works well. It comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and is very easy to use. Great price and you get various sizes to choose from to match perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I get the feeling that this is much better than the Kingston 256MB SD card.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it is soooo sloooooow to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, very easy to use, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing.  No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera.I also use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I used the same Kingston 256MB SD card. Worked perfectly.I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. You get different sized SD Audio and Radio mAH-JAM mAH radios as well. The only thing that stops you from using them with your car exactly 3 times is the fact that there is no SD card. This is not an issue for me at all. I use my SD Audio mAH jam mah and Radio all the time. The other two fit perfectly and work great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This card is sooooo fast that you can run your shutter on your camera non stops until the unit is full. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It also takes up to 4MB SD video. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the UK and it worked perfectly. It worked perfectly even after I purchased and returned the defective item(s). It was the very first time I've used a digital camera. It was very easy to use and capture all my photos perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it every day. Great sound. Great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.  Great sound and usefull. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.  It saves tons of space on my SD video card.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes these 2 very long time to copy anything to and from these devices. I'm very satisfied with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it for my iPod and keeps them totally secure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and digital camera off of it. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.The only thing I dislike about this is that there is no SD Audio.  But that is easily solved with the addition of the Belkin.  I also get the feeling that the Belk is less expensive and uses better quality components. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. I used to run my camera and camera still work perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this card is that the SD audio is very quiet. I use it with my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. I can't use it for that. The sound quality is very nice for digital camera use, mp2 and wma. The last time I used it for wav it was a bit too loud. I'm buying via Amazon as usual 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4 fps. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq all at the same time.  It is super and saves tons of space on my SD Audio/Video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the US Air Force and used it at work in Germany. Worked perfectly and was the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is amazing and it makes my camera perform better. It's the first time I've used such a card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. Great sound and fast transfer.  It also has SD Audio.  I use it for my Panasonic mp3 player and ipaq.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it again in New York City. This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing! I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. It is super and saves tons of space on my CF card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.I use it for my MP3 player and ipaq. It's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with it.  It's so fast and doesn't slow down your camera or ipaq like other cards that I've used in the past. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. I use it on my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time.  I use it for my digital cameras and ipaq.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video and makes it super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  It's super, especially with my CD player, radio, ipaq, ipc, ipa and mp3 player.  This card is so fast that it can run at full speed with no lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Use CD player, radio, and ipaq.  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received it just as advertised. I used my camera a lot and the Kingston 256MB SD card worked perfectly.I used it to replace my Belkin and use it to power my digital camera.It's so fast that it can run on batteries even longer without lag or slow down.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq, ipc and it takes them all perfectly.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 MB/s. That is amazing. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes up two SD audio audio ports. This can be solved by using the adapters included with the unit but I would recommend using the Belkin as usual. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.It is very lightweight, and the only thing that bothers me about it is the fact that the card can't be formatted to work with SD Audio. I used to own, but they work great with the Belkin. No extra cost or extra space. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. This saves tons of space on my SD Audio.The only thing that I dislike about this card is that it is soooo sloooooow to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I'm using a Panasonic I used to run my camera.The next time I use it I'm going to try and get it to work with my Sony Rebel XT. I use this card to run this card as my only SD Audio/MP3 player. I'll update this review about 5 or 6 times until I get the speed and performance I'm after. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  No lag or slow down.  The only thing I dislike about it is that the remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my iPod, mp3 player, ipaq, and ipaq.  It's super.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it with my Panasonic I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It is perfect for both.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipac and ipaq. The only down side is that the card takes up 2 slots. That's not a big deal to use as usual with other SD Audio and Video products. I use them for my ipaq and mp3, which require separate video and audio. They work great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked perfectly and the only thing I can say about it is that you get the feeling that this card will last forever. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. I'm very satisfied with this and will recommend it to anyone else who has the same camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and keeps it totally secure while driving. I used it in the USA and it worked perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I can also run my camera full-time at this rate until the frame rate drops to 2.5 or less. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it takes up two SD Audio (WAV) or 3 LEXAR (MP3) audio files just to copy them to and from it. That's the only thing that bothers me about this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. I'm using it in my digital camera and mp3 player. No lag or slow down at all.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound, and the remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. No slow down to copy anything to or from it.  I use it for my Panasonic SD video.I also use it as my SD Audio.  It's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It makes it so fast you can run it at full speed and it won't slow down.  This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it works perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, has great sound, and is very small. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that there's no SD Audio support. If you use it for digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, or ipaq mp3, you're SOL. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it at my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5MB/s (with SD Audio and LEXAR) on my camera. No lag or slow down.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super! It's perfect for my camera, which takes very good pictures at this rate.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. Good sound and long-lasting.  I use it on my iPod, CD player, radio and ipaq.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only thing that bothers me about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It also keeps my camera totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it in Brasil and it's perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. It's very fast, especially for a digital camera. Good sound and can take a lot of photo/video clips/amp adapters and not have them fall off at all. Great price, and you can get different size covers to match better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well, I used it for my iPod and kept it totally secure while driving.  It also worked much better the longer I used/removed it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I've had it recommended by a few people who own and use their own car perfectly. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and the SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa and ipaq.  It takes up 2 of the 3 available SD ports on my Belkin.  The Belkin takes up one.  Price is very good, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my iPod, mp3 player and ipaq all at the same time. The only down side is that it takes up two SD Audio and one CD Audio outputs. You can get the others to work with a little bit of adapters or using Audio-only. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. I use it with my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipq, and ipaq. All work great and it makes my camera perform better.  I used to own but now I can get it for 9.95 on this very site 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It's very fast, and it saves tons of space on my SD card.  I've also had it developed and now it's just as easy to use as my other Kingston 256MB SD card just bought online.  No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That is amazing! It's super! I use it in my digital camera all the time and it saves tons of space on my card. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good price and you get different sized adapters to match perfectly with your car even better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. Worked perfectly, especially with my Panasonic I used to capture all my digital photos. I used this for my digital camera and ipaq. It was very easy to use and there is even a volume control for your radio. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.  I use it for my camera and ipaq.  It makes my system run better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It even has 2 M.A.C. adapters so you can plug it in to your car perfectly.  I've used better ones but this one is soooo much better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and the card still has a full 25MB capacity.  This is perfect for my CF card, SD Audio and SD Video.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The only thing that stops me from using my camera more often is that the card only takes up 1.5 mAH.I also get the feeling that the larger SD Audio files are larger than the smaller MP3 ones.If you can use them at full 5.5 or better, you get 5 bucks off the price.If not, you pay 25 bucks just for the cost of the card.  I use mine all the time.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, small size, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I used it in Brasil, and was very satisfied with it. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. I used the Panasonic I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card and it is just as fast. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super and makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It is also super-fast and has lots of capacity. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to copy anything to and from my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It's fast and takes up no space on my card. I use SD Audio and Ogg Vorbis.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is amazing, especially for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It worked perfectly.  It was my first time using digital camera. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  It came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, it's super. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It also includes a mini HDMI output so you can use your car perfectly with your HDTV. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD camera and it worked perfectly. It's super. It also makes my camera perform better. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get the full 4.5 MB/s transfer rate. That is amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video.The only thing that stands out here over the larger SD Audio/Video is the fact that this card only takes up one quarter of the space. That's a big improvement 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and digital camera without lag or slow down. I also get the feeling that the SD Audio and HDMI video are working well. It's super.  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.The only thing that stands out is the price.  That said, it's super and I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac and ipaq ipaq all at the same time.  This is perfect and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s (and get excellent results). This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it for my iPod and keeps everything totally secure.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5MB/s. That is amazing. No lag or slow down.I used to run my camera and monitor at 4.5/5 but that dropped to 2/5 after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the remote Amazon rainforest and had it developed.  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get excellent results.  It's so fast and space saving that I use it in my camera all the time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super. I used it in Brasil, and had it developed. I use it now on my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is amazing. I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video outputs. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. The only thing I dislike about it is that it doesn't take all of the SD Audio.  I use CD player and radio.I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it still takes up a lot of space on the card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is amazing. No lag or slow down at all.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It saves tons of space on the card.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. You get different volumes for different car perfectly as well. You can even use CD player and radio while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my card and is super. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and the price was very good as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq.It makes all 4 work perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is amazing and makes my camera perform better. The only thing that might come in handy is if you use SD Audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That is amazing and you get the option to run your shutter on your camera non-stop until the full 4.5 or 5 fps is achieved. No lag or slow down.The only down side is that there is no SD Audio support, but that is easily remedied by using a digital camera or mp3 player. It also takes up space on your CF card just like a larger SD Audio unit, so you can't copy anything to and from it. If you run your camera's camera noise reduction settings on full blast, you will get some "loudness" problems. If that is the case, you can reduce the volume and get rid of them. Great price and you can get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. You get different capacities to match different cars perfectly. I used this one with my RAV4 perfectly and it was super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing, especially when running my camera at full frame rate. It makes my camera perform better. I used to own but the last 5 or so failed because of this card. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it every day at work and it is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. This card is sooooo fast that you can run your shutter on your camera non stops until the video is full at the frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It saves tons of space on your SD video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it doesn't come in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. That's not a big deal to me as long as it holds up. I use it on my digital camera all the time and it's never had a failure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  You get different mAH sizes to make your car exactly 1/4 the size.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get the full 5.5MP photos with no lag or slow down.  I use it for my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and both work perfectly. It is the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player non stop until it takes up the full 2MB SD video format. This card also works well with SD Audio and also provides a lot of space for my remote.  I can even run my ipaq and ipaq video without lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it on my way to take my camera all around Europe and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super.I use it with my digital camera and mp3 player and it works perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's super. I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipx, ipa, ipak, ipac, and ipaq. It takes the full 256MB out of the card, and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. This is amazing and keeps my camera totally secure while driving.  It also works with my digital camera perfectly.I'm using it in the USA and get 5 pack of these for 6.95 on this very site 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can use SD Audio and radio perfectly and get great sound. I use it in my car now and it's perfect 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  This is perfect for my car perfectly.  I've used better and worse but never with the cost and size of this one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and digital camera all day without lag or slow down. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and came in use just as advertised.  I use it in my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is amazing. It's perfect for my Panasonic I used to capture my 4K video.I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's super and I can run my brake lights, turn down my radio and not worry about it sliding around.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to get my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's the first time I've used a SD Audio/MP3 player/radio combo, so I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound and use your CD player and radio all day long. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.The only thing I dislike about it is that there is no SD audio or SD video out. I use it for my iPod and radio, but those won't work either. If you have the money and space for the Belkin, get it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and it's very easy to use. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipak and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to replace my factory Kingston 256 MB SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. I use it with my digital camera all the time and it keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That is amazing. No lag or slow down. It also takes advantage of SD Audio and the camera perfectly.The only thing that stands out here over other SD Audio products is that it is compatible with SD Audio. That saves tons of space on your SD Audio output. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes up 2 MAH of my card just for it to work. That's way too much space for my digital cameras, mp3 player and ipaq. I use SD Audio, VCD and SD Audio+Video. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD SD Audio. It's not my only choice. It might work better with a larger SD Audio or even SD Audio2.0. But for now I'm satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected.  Great sound.  No lag or slow down of any kind. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mini. I get the feeling that SD audio is not working with this card.I use it to run my digital cameras, ipa's, ipc's and mp3 player all off of it at the same time.  This makes it super fast and doesn't slow down your system.I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  Great sound.  I'm using the Belkin and Belkin 2.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super! I used it for my camera and it worked perfectly. It is so small that I don't even need to use it as a SD Audio player or CD player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. I get the feeling that other than being the first time I've used this card, it may come in handy the next time I use it.  It is super and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD video. It's also super fast and I can use it to run my remote perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and it's the first time I've used it. Great sound and video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my power cords. I've used better and worse products in my time but never SD Audio. The only thing that stands out about this one is the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and had it developed.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked great. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it to replace my Belkin because it's so much smaller and uses less power. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I also used it to replace my stock Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super. It makes my camera perform better.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The only downside is that the card only supports SD Audio and Video, which makes it less suitable for my digital camera.  That said, it's so fast you can run your shutter on your camera non-stop until the frame rate drops to 2.5-3 fps. That's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  Great sound and you can get different volume levels to match any car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That is amazing. I use it in my digital camera all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. Great sound and it is very easy to use.  It is so much smaller and lighter than expected that I can run my CD player and radio at the same time while driving without having to remove them from the CD player or radio.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio.  It's super fast and has the capacity to store all 3 digital camera photos on one card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound and you can even use it in the rain!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. I use it on my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It saves tons of space on my card. I used to own but lost it in the mail. This one is soooooo fast that it can run any SD video on my Panasonic. No lag or slow down.I used toown but lost/damaged it. So I used this one.  It worked much better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast and it's super. The only thing I can complain about is the fact that the SD Audio and CD audio don't work very well.  This is definitely a quality device, especially for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and have used it in the USA and in Germany. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better.  It is so easy to copy anything to and from it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. I use it in my digital camera all the time and it is so much faster that I don't have to use my camera's CF card anymore. That saves tons of space on my card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit using it after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that stands out here is the price.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great sound and you can even use it for your radio while driving to enhance your stereo. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, has a built-in SD Audio, and it's very easy to use. The only thing I dislike about it is that the volume and/or sound quality is a little too loud. It's also very sensitive to power loss. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which require a lot of power.  If you don't use it at least 3 hours a day it's going to be very annoying to use it.  The only other thing I can say about it (which is a big plus) is that it's super quiet while driving and has a really big battery pack to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That's incredible. It's the first time I've used one of these.  It saves tons of space on my SD card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I can complain about is the poor sound. I use my car for my iPod, radio and ipaq. I get the feeling that the volume and quality of these mAH's will degrade over time. It's a little pricey, but the price is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio and it is super.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I use it with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipec, and ipaq. It's also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.I use it for my camera and ipaq and it works perfectly.I used to replace my SD card and it worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound and full speed. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, mp3 player and ipaq.  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is amazing. I use it on my digital camera and mp3 player and both run perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied with this purchase and it makes my camera perform better. It's also very fast and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. It also is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.The only complaint I have about this is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that the SD Audio or MAM libraries are not compatible with this unit. This is not a problem as long as you have the right software. I use Creative Audio and Flock for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player. They work perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super fast and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio.  It takes the SD Audio and Video perfectly.  I use it for my Panasonic and Sony Cameras. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked much better than expected. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's incredible. I use it in my camera all the time and get very good results.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio/Video and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps.That is amazing.  It is soooo much more stable and secure than my previous Kingston 256MB SD card.  I used to own but they just gave me a "Bad SD" error when I tried to run my camera.I used to have but they've been defective ever since I used them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.The only thing that stands out is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I also use it as a SD Audio and Radio player.The price is very good and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and now I can play it in all of my car perfectly. No lag or slow down. The only thing that might come in handy is if your car's audio system isn't totally secure. You have to be careful not to clip it down too much. You can use the clips to hold it down, but be careful to not damage them. It's also super quiet, so there's no lag or noise even when you put your earphones in and play something. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound and it's very slim. I use it for my iPod and MP3 player and radio all day long. Great price, you get sizes for almost every car perfectly (I used to match my Cam perfectly). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the USA and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. This card also comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with this card. It's the fastest I've used on any camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I've had it developed. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac and ipaq.It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.I used to own but they just gave out on me after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  The only thing I dislike about this card is that it is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my MP3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until it's full at SD resolution. I'm very satisfied with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied with it. It worked much better than expected and I can use it to take my camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq anywhere I need to.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipac and ipac.  It saves tons of space on my power cords.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It makes my camera perform better.  This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. No lag or slow down. It's super. Great sound and the price is super.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil, and used it again in Belo Horizonte, FL. No slow down or lag.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different speeds and different sizes. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that you can't use SD Audio with this card. It takes up all the space in your card and makes the sound quality poor. It's also very slow.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's the first time I've used a SD Audio digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera and digital camera constantly. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video and makes my unit look and perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only thing I dislike about it is that it doesn't work with all my other car perfectly.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You can get better results with a different SD or SDHC card, but it's not worth the extra price just for the card itself. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it back in the USA. It worked perfectly and is very light weight and doesn't cost a fortune 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's incredible.  Great sound and the price is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  This is super for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's very fast, takes photos just as advertised, and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipak, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is super. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It is so easy to use and the speeds you get with SD Audio and CD Audio work great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast and it saves tons of space on my last remote quit using it.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was very easy to use. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it all the time, and it's always something that might come in handy the next time I have to replace my CD player and radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and picture. Good price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it for my iPod and radio and can run them totally secure while driving.  Great price and the different sizes are super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's also very fast, especially for digital camera use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps (4 fps on my Kingston 256MB SD card). It also is so slim and lightweight that it doesn't interfere with my camera.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's also super price and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly to your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it again in my last remote quit using it now. It worked perfectly and was the very first time I've used it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until it is full resolution at 3.5MB/s.  It is also so fast I can copy anything to and from it with no lag or slow down.  I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipv, ipq and ipaq.  No lag or slowdown.  This is perfect for all of them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It's fast and I can run my Audios without any lag or slow down. This card also has a built in SD Audio over-the-air (OTA) and RCA Audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked well with my Panasonic I used to store and copy my movies and television programs. It even worked with SD Audio. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to copy anything to and from my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. It's the first time I've used a SD card.  It's super and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing and I get the feeling that it is going to be even faster when the card gets bigger. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. It's perfect for my SD Audio and Video. It saves tons of space on my SD Card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. The only thing that bothers me about this is the fact that it takes up two SMA adapters. Not as easy to use as SD Audio or HDMI. But that's no big deal. It takes up the space of the other two SMP adapters and still provides you with plenty of space to work with your camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full.The only problem I have found with this card is that sometimes it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. This card should work great with them. I used it to copy my photos to and back to it. Worked perfectly.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio files. It is super and keeps them totally secure while driving.  It even has a USB 2.0 port for faster data transfer and audio/video backup/playback.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it on my camera all the time. No lag or slow down. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price.  I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipe, ipv, ip.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super! I used it for my Sony camera and use it all the time now. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super and I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes these two devices perfectly and is super at capturing all the different angles of your car perfectly.  It also has a built in SD Audio and USB Audio.  I use these every day and they work perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera and mp3 player all day long at full speed. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, the only thing that stops you from using it is the tiny size.  This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's super! I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It keeps it totally secure while driving and is super price-pointed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super and saves tons of space on my card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  Great sound.  I use it in my digital camera and ipaq.  It saves tons of space on both of them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked great. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my Panasonic 3MP digital camera.  It worked perfectly.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super. It also makes it super easy to copy anything to and from it. I used it to replace my Belkin. It was the very first time I've used a Belkin and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use these for my iPod and ipaq perfectly. They work perfectly and are so easy to use. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this card is that the SD Audio and CD Audio don't work with it. I'm using this to replace my Belkin. Great price and you get a different sizes as well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly the first time I used it. I used my camera and ipaq all the time and never had to use it. This is perfect for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipc adapter. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That is super.I used it for my digital camera and ipaq and both work great.The only thing I dislike about this is that there is no SD Audio output. I used to get the best sound possible on my CD player and radio. I'm using the Belkin. It makes perfect sound.I'm using it with my Belkin Belkin now and it makes it so much better. I can use it to run my ipaq as usual. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it now. I use Belkin as usual and it works perfectly.I use SD Audio all the time on my Belkis and Belkin but not on this one. This one is soooo much better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. It's super! I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipc, ipx, and ipaq.It's so fast you can run it in the background while using other applications to copy anything to and from them. I used it to copy my CF copy to and back from my Kingston 256MB SD card.It takes up to 3 minutes to copy everything back to and out of it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.That is super. I use it for my Panasonic Rebel XT and Panasonic Rebel XL 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I've used better products from Amazon but these work great and cost less. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly.  No lag or slow down.  Great sound and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different models to match every car perfectly as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing and is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it in the USA, but I can also run it at 4.5 or 5 fps on my car perfectly fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this on my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. The only thing that might come in handy is if you use SD Audio and your card is very full. Otherwise you will get a lot of noise and slow down your playback. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound and is super for my camera and mp3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5MB/s. It takes my camera perfectly and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s. The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It is also very sloooooow at copying anything back to and out of it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast and it saves you space on your power cords. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I get the feeling that it's super durable too. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. I use it in my car and get a lot of "Wow" and "Rear" on CD and radio. No lag or slow down. Using CD player and radio, radio always sounds great. Using this one as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  You get different adapters to match perfectly. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is super. It saves tons of space on my card and makes it look super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only thing that I dislike about it is the fact that it takes up two MMC clips to hold it perfectly securely while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's super price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and was very happy with it. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only thing that stands out is the fact that there's no SD card, which is a big plus to me.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps.  It's perfect for my camera.  This is the first time I've used it and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it is only 2MB in size. That means you get a little lag on video and slow down your camera a little. That is not a big deal to me but it is something to be aware of. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes them all excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it in my digital camera and digital camera constantly. It makes my camera perform better and gives me more storage space for my other camera's SD video. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I use it for my iPod and radio. It saves tons of space on my Belkin.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony MP3 player and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that there is no SD Audio support. It's not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own, but otherwise fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I use it to keep my MP3 player and ipaq totally secure while driving.  This one also takes SD Audio.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it in Brazil and it worked much longer. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. No lag or slow down.  This is perfect for my Sony camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. This one is perfect and you get different capacities to match perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipec, ipc and ipaq all work much better now. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly.  It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well. The only thing I can complain about is that the only time I've used it, it has been on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It cost me about $30 in parts and took about 5 minutes to complete. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, use your camera a lot and it's always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil, and it's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's also very easy to use and fits perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  It was my first time using digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Use CD player, radio, and iPod.No lag or slow down.  The only problem I have found is with SD Audio.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my iPod, mp3 player, and ipaq.It's also very easy to copy and store photos to and/or from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps.  This is perfect for my camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it with my Panasonic I used to record my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and it worked perfectly. It was the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound and it is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, especially for the price point you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  No lag or slow down.  Great sound and you get a number of different sizes for your car just by using the supplied adapters. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s. The unit comes in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super.  This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  It also takes SD and HD video.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq without lag or slow down. It's perfect for my digital cameras and mp3 players. The only thing I can't recommend is using this card with SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get the Kingston 256MB SD Audio for 2.95 on this very site 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and now use it in USA. It's perfect for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq. I used to take many digital photos and videos and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video. The only thing that stands out about this card is the fact that it is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect. I use this card to run my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq at the same time.The only thing I don't like about this is the price. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used the Kingston 256 MB SD card but bought and returned the Kingston 128 MB SD. You can get different prices on different sizes. I got the 5 pack of 4 on Amazon for 9.95 on this very site.  If you get the wrong one, you can't run your shutter on your camera at all.  I used my Kingston 128MB SD card. It worked perfectly and is soooo fast that my camera doesn't lag at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.  Good sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony mp3 player and keeps it totally secure while driving. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different size mAH batteries for 2 bucks on this one. You can get different mAH sizes and match them perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Belkin. I used my Belk until the Belkin quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it all the time now and it keeps it totally secure while driving. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get 4.5MB/s on my card. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and was the first time I've used it. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked great. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly.I use it on my digital camera all the time and it takes it perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is amazing. It makes my camera perform better and it makes it run more stable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing. No lag or slow down.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipa and ipaq.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That's amazing. I use it on all my camera's now.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was very easy to use. I used it in Brasil, and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is super and makes my Kingston 256 MB SD Audio sound amazing. The only thing that I dislike about it is the fact that it takes up two SD Audio output jacks. That's annoying.  I use one output and use the other for my digital camera and mp3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It also makes it super easy to move it while driving to keep it totally safe. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked even better after I got it plugged in and used it. The only problem is that the sound quality isn't very good. Using CD player and radio.I have used better and worse. I don't know if this is the unit or just my CD player. But either way it's definitely not worth the asking price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was very fast. I used it in Brasil and used it at the same time as my Panasonic I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player. No lag or slow down in use at all.The only problem I found was the card was sooooo sloooooow.I use SD Audio, MP3 and Vorbis. This card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only thing that bothers me is the fact that the SD audio is only 2.5 mAH. Not a big deal for the price, but if you need it to hold a full charge longer, you need to get a bigger one. I used this one for my car perfectly and it worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it on my camera all the time and it never lets me down 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player all at the same time. It's very easy to use and keep it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just makes it work better. I used it in Brasil and it worked great. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes up 2 SD Audio outputs instead of just one like a larger Panasonic I used to own but that's OK because there are 4 other outputs available to route to. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. I used to capture all my photos, which were all taken with my camera perfectly.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get full quality images.  The only thing that bothers me about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it at my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It's so fast I can capture video at 4.5/5 on my latest camera. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing!  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time, and it makes it work much better. I use SD Audio and MP3 audio.  It also makes it so that I can run my digital cameras and mp3 player all day long without lag or slow down.  This is perfect for my camera and mp4 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different speeds and different mAH batteries to match them perfectly. It is very fast and has different sizes so you can match your perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until it is full speed. No lag or slow down at all. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great use of SD Audio and CD player.  It's also very easy to use and store. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that stops you from using it is the fact that there is no SD card to replace your SD Audio. You can get these cards separately and use them. I use them and my car is perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps (2.5MB/s). I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. It's very light and small, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great price and you can get different size adapters to match the perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. I've used other brands but this one is the only one I've found that fits perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I used it to replace my Sony mp3 player and keep it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It's super. I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I received my Kingston 256MB SD audio and CD audio perfectly.  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.I use it in conjunction with my OTS CCA. It provides the best audio and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's very small and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I've used better and worse. This one is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That is amazing. The only thing I dislike about it is that the only card size is 5.5MB. I used SD Audio and WAV audio and both were very slow down. I use it for my SD Audio/MP3 player and radio. Not as easy to use as larger SD Audio or MP3 Audio.  Using SD Audio & WAV is much better now. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD video.The only thing that might come in handy is if you want to run your camera/ ipaq at 3.5 fps. That's it. No lag or slow down.  I use this for my iPod and remote. It takes them both perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's incredible! No lag or slow down. Great sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps.  No lag or slow down.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it only takes 2 AAA batteries. I used to own but they work great with this card but one or the other may come in handy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, the only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected. I used to replace my Belkin. Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super. It's the first time I've used a digital camera and it worked perfectly. I use it for my iPod, ipaq, mp3 player, and ipaq.  I get the feeling it will work better with larger batteries. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 5.5MB/s. I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my iPod and used CD player and radio. Worked perfectly.I use it every time I travel and can use it as my camera always has to be plugged in. It is super and is super price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to replace my SD Audio.The only downside is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and was very happy with it. Worked perfectly and I can use it in my next remote remote quitoes work perfectly. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera. It also comes in handy when using SD Audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD Audio files just as advertised.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing and it makes my camera perform better. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super and keeps it totally secure while driving perfectly. You get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  Great sound.  I use it in my car all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works great and makes it super fast. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps.That's amazing. No lag or slow down even with my camera on full frame.The only thing that might come in handy one day is if I put it in my camera's CF card slot and get the camera to record at 4 fps. Not as easy to use as a larger SD card like the Kingston 256 MB or SD Audio 256 MB, but not as big as a SD Audio or CF card combo.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. This one is powered by your car just like a CD player. It's super and it's very quiet while driving. Great price and you get different models to match perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. I've used SD and SD 2.5MB SD. This card holds my camera perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing and can save tons of space on my card. This is perfect for my CF card, CF card and SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super. No lag or slow down. Great sound. No slow down or slow up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing and makes my camera perform better.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, excellent sound, and it's so fast that I can run my CD player and radio at full volume. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can even use it to take photos and video. It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only problem is that some of them don't work with my Belkin perfectly. I use Belkin to control my iPod and radio. Both Belkin work perfectly. Belkin takes up two Belkin's instead of just one like the Belkin. Price is amazing and you get sizes to suit your car better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The only thing that bugged me about it was the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mp3 player. It worked perfectly and the price is very good. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I was very happy with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Good sound.  No lag or slow down when driving.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, fast and easy to use. Great sound and also a lot of options to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. I used a different brand, and mine was defective. I've returned it now, and the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked well with my Panasonic I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and returned it to me in the US in less than 2 days. Worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it with the AmazonBasil Amazon MP3 player. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound, and the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac, ipax, ipec, ips, ipm, ipd and ipaq all at the same time.  The only thing that stands out is the fact that it takes up 2 extra SD Audio/Video ports.  That's not a big deal, but it's something to be aware of.  I used it with my iPod and it worked great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I use it for my iPod and radio.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. No lag or slow down. It also works with SD Audio and even the slowest of DVD burners. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.I use it with my Kingston 256MB SD video. It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and it worked perfectly. I use it in Brasil and get a lot of use out of it. The only thing that might come in handy is if you get a lightning strike, but I've got it set up to prevent that from happening. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. No lag or slow down. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq mini. I get great sound. I also get the feeling that the unit is soothed by the sound. It's very quiet when driving but can still be a little loud at highway speeds.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and was the very first time I've used one of these units.I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super. It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I can now run my camera completely non stop till the card full and get a great image.I use it for my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get excellent results.  This is perfect for my camera.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super and the price is super.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. You can even run your card at full speed in slow motion to get a nice slow down. I used it in Brasil and it worked great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I can run it at 2.5 mAH or 5.5 MAH on my camera, and it doesn't slow down at all. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That is amazing! It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.I use it in Brasil, and it has been perfect ever since 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. No lag or slow down.  It's also very fast and doesn't require any extra power cords to work with your other audio devices.  I use it with my Panasonic 3MP digital camera and iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better.  I used to replace my SD Audio/Video.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and it works great. I use my Sony camera all the time, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipap, ipak and ipaq all work well with it.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my card and is super! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq perfectly. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. You get different sizes to match your camera perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use this card for my Sony camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my digital camera and ipaq.  It worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it all the time. I use SD and SDHC. It's the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this is that the SD Audio and CD player get very laggy at high volume. I use my Denon on my CD player, radio, and iPod. Good sound. However, I find that the volume control and headphone jack get very "wobble" at high volumes. You can get a 6 pack of Belkin's for 9.95 on this very site. They work much better. They don't get so hot that you can't use them in the car at high decibel levels. Great price and you get a variety of sizes to perfectly match your vehicle perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get excellent results.  This is super for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast and doesn't take up a lot of space on my SD card just like my Kingston 256MB SD card. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing and the only time I've used a slower card is when I run my card full at 3.5 FPS. That slows down the performance of my card a lot.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly but this one is SOoooo sloooooow 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can even get different brands and sizes to work with your radio perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that there is no SD Audio support. This is a major bureacrat at this point and should be taken off the market asap. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and it works well. Great sound.  I used it in Brazil, and was very satisfied.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with this card. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Good price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and is very easy to use. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it only takes SD video. That is very turgid and poor audio.  That can be fixed with a larger SD card or by using the included adapters. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. You get the most out of your SD video and still get full performance even in low light.  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.The only thing that stops you from using it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. But other than that, it's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. It is the only card I have used that doesn't require the adapter that came with my Kingston 256MB SD card just as fast.  It also takes photos much better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  This CF card is so fast that I can run my CD player, radio, and ipaq at full volume with the volume all the way up.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. It's the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only problem I've had with it is that sometimes it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, use CD player, radio, and ipaq. No lag or slow down when using these. They work great.I use them for my ipaq and ipc.  They're super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down.The only down side is that it takes up two SD Audio files, but that's no big deal. Just use different mics.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied with it.  It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked perfectly. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked much better than expected and the price is very reasonable. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player. It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, has a lot of different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It saves tons of space on my SD card and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes that match your perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in Brasil. The only thing that stands out about this card is that it's so fast you can run your shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's super. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ip, ipak, and ipaq. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Worked much better even after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that there is no SD Audio, which is so much better than using your car's radio. I use my iPod all the time but it takes up two adapter plugs on this one. It's soooo sloooooow. I get the feeling that if I used the Belkin I would get the same results 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only problem is that the sound quality is very quiet and you can't use CD player, radio or radio via remote.  This is a very good electronic devices and you should be very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and is so easy to use that you can use CD player and radio with it.  It also has a built-in card for digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. This is perfect for my camera, and it makes it run super. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rate of 4.5 fps. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, excellent sound.  I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. It even has an SD card slot for your MP3 and radio.  Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is super! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  It takes my camera perfectly fine.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio/Video. I used it with my Sony CF and got it as advertised. It is super. I use it with a Panasonic and get it as well. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It is so much faster than expected. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That is amazing. This card makes my camera perform better.  It's very easy to use and keeps my card totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it again in New York. I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Using CD player and radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super. I use it for my CF SD video.It also has an SD Audio output and is very easy to use.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it's sooooo sloooooow when it's full.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my first remote quit using my remote now. I use it all the time. Works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. It's super and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to replace my Belkin. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera.I use it in my digital camera all the time and it makes my camera perform better.  It's the only CF card I've used that's rated at 2.5 mAH. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic I used to store and copy photos, and it's super fast. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and now I can use it for all my other electronic devices. The only thing that bothers me is that the SD Audio and Radio aren't working. This is a universal remote and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and had it developed. This is perfect for my Sony camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It is also very easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different mAH batteries to match yours perfectly. It's also super fast. I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It's super and is perfect for my CF card. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. That is super.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received it the very next day. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec, ipak, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. It also gives me the option to use SD or SD Audio. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing and I can get the camera totally secure even when using my camera's card as a SD Audio/Video output.The only thing that might come in handy is if you run out of space on your SD Audio or Video output at any time. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/back to/through it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is very small and easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. It makes my camera perform better. No lag or slow down. I use it in Brasil and it's perfect for my camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until it takes full advantage of SD Audio. No lag or slow down. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.I use it in my car almost every day and it is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound.  You get different mAH batteries to match perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic I used to replace my Belkin because it is so fast and the Belkin is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod and radio and use this card for all of them. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil, and I'm very satisfied.  I'm using it with my Panasonic I used to get my digital camera working with my digital cameras.  It's perfect, and the price is very reasonable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It even has built-in antennas for better reception.  This is perfect especially for my Toyota RAV4 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera, SD Audio and any other digital camera. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, especially at the price point. Good sound. No lag or slow down when driving.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq all at the same time. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 MB/s. This is amazing. It is also super. I used it in Brasil and had it developed.It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and it's very easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. No lag or slow down.  It also keeps it completely secure while using the CD player and radio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. It was very fast and was the very first time I've used a digital camera. I also used it as my primary camera for my digital camera and mp3 player. It worked perfectly and was very secure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The only down side is that it takes up two CF card slots, which can't be plugged into any of my camera's SD Audio.I used it with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound and fast transfer of photos and mp3's.  It's perfect for my Sony camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked much better than expected.I used it to replace my Belkin. It's much more powerful, and has much better sound.  I also used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, ipak, ipa and ipaq. It all worked great. I was very happy with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the SD Audio and Radio are not as easy to use as larger Panasonic I used to own, but that's no big deal. The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card in Brasil and use it all over the world. I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked perfectly. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps (with a constant rate of 5 fps). This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and is so easy to use.  It is so fast that I can run my CD player and radio at the same time and get excellent sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my Sony MP3 player, iPod and ipaq. It worked perfectly and was the first time I've used a digital camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, uses CD player, radio, and ipaq.  Good sound and video.  I use it all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is so fast that I use it in my MP3 player and it takes it perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super. You get better sound from your camera with larger SD Audio files. You also get a smaller footprint, which is very nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is super. It saves tons of space on your SD audio and video.  It takes SD audio/video perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is a must have for any digital camera or mp3 device. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera. It saves tons of space on my SD card. It even comes in different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and the price was very reasonable. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. No lag or slow down when using my camera.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works great.  It's the very first time I've used a SD Audio device.  No lag or slow down.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. Great sound.  You get different volume settings to match the car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it with my iPod and radio perfectly. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.  It was the first time I've used this card and it's super.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card for my SD video camera and ipaq. It works perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. It worked even better in the United States. The only thing that stands out about this card is the price and the fact that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is perfect for my Sony camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq ipaq perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with it and can run it at my full frame rate. I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipc, ipak and ipaq. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  You can use it with your camera all the time.  I use it in my iPod, mp3 player and ipaq.  It makes my car totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5MB/s.  This is perfect for my camera, and it keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my main SD Audio/MP3 player.  I've had it developed and it's perfect.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and it worked perfectly.I used it in Brasil and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It is super. I use the Panasonic I used to store my digital photos.  It's super and takes great photos.I used to replace my SD Audio and S-Video.I get the feeling that they get the most use out of the total package.The only thing that I don't like about this is the fact that you can't get the SD Audio/S-Video out of this one. I'm using a Belkin, but that takes up two of the three Belkin's. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's also super fast.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down at all. That is amazing.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and low power consumption. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly the first time I used it.I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfect and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is very easy to use.  Great sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player, and it's perfect. It saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera all night long without slowing down.  No lag or slow down.The only thing that stands out is the fact that the SD Audio and WAV Audio are not working at all.  I use it for my ipaq, ipaq and ipaq.  It's so fast and takes up so little space on the SD card that I'm using SD Audio/WAV Audio as usual. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc and ipaq. It's perfect for all of them. I've used Kingston 256MB SD card and SD Audio. Both work great with the Kingston 256 MB SD card. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected. I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as it was advertised to work. Worked perfectly and is very easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I can run my digital camera all day long with it.  It's very easy to use and keeps your camera totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked great. I used CD player and radio, but lost them both. It worked fine after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving while driving.  No lag or slow down while driving like many other cards out there.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.  No lag or slow down.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It is super. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It also keeps it completely secure while running your car radio and keeps your radio totally secure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. It also is very easy to use.  I use it in my digital camera and ipaq. It makes my system run much better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It also has an SD Audio adapter for better sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. I used it on my Panasonic I used to record my digital camera. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and is so easy to use that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it as usual. Worked perfectly and is very quiet.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing! It also is very small and light, which makes it super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my Sony digital camera and mp3 player.  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I use this card for my Canon Rebel XT and Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It worked perfectly. Worked even better the second time I used a larger SD card. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super and saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video output.  I use it for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It makes it much more secure and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get excellent results.  It's so fast I can use SD Audio with it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.The only thing I dislike about it is that there is no SD Audio. If you use it for recording, you will need to buy or make your own. That's a little expensive and not something I use often.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. I've used Kingston 256MB SD and SD SD SD. This card provides twice the data rate.The only thing that could be better is the price. I use SD Audio, mp3, and radio. Using CD player and radio at the the same times. It's a little expensive for that. But don't let that deter you from buying and using it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super fast and can work with SD Audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is super. It takes full advantage of SD audio, video, and photo. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq. It is so easy to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD card just works better and is more secure than expected.  No lag or slow down when moving or recording.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  This is perfect for all my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. Great sound.  I'm using my CD player and radio.  It saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.It worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the unit comes in the Mail exactly 2 business days after youordered. That's not as fast as advertised. I've used larger Panasonic I used to store my digital camera and ipaq, but never this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing and it makes my camera perform better. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it with the Panasonic I used to store my digital camera. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. No lag or slow down when driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected and was the very first time I've used one. Good sound.  I use it for my iPod and radio.  It also saves space on my SD Audio and RCA cables 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and is super. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. It was the first time I've used a SD Audio/Video/MP3 Audio/WAV Audio/Radio/Speaker. It's very easy to use and fits perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I was very happy with it. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super. The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever for them to copy to and out of it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only problem I have with it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever just to copy them to andfrom it. This is soooooo much better than the previous models I've used. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq. It worked perfectly and the price was very good. It also worked well for my remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is so much better than expected. I used to run my camera almost 30 fps.The only problem is that the SD Audio and video are soooo sloooooow. I use it to run all my video and audio in mp3 format. I can get a little lag and stutter in these formats. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked much better than expected. It worked even better in the US.The only thing that might come in handy is to change the size to match your car perfectly. I used toaster-sized adapters, but they just didn't work.  I'm using this one now, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.The only thing I dislike about it is that the SD Audio and VGA adapters are both sooooo sloooooow.  If you use these for anything other than watching movies, that's not a good sign.  I used to own, but just bought them online.  Hopefully that will be the last time I use them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is amazing, especially for my camera. It also makes my camera perform better.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  No lag or slow down on any of your video or audio.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It also takes and saves SD video perfectly. I use it for my GoPro, camera and ipaq.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my primary card for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  Great sound and photo quality.  This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and is so quick that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa, ipq, ipec and ipaq.  It is perfect for all of them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That is super. It makes my camera perform better.I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It was the first time I've used this. It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that stops me from saying that this is perfect is the fact that there is no SD Audio or Radio. This is a huge disappointment to me. The price and quality of this CF card just don't match up to my Belkin.  This is my last Belkin and I'm sticking with Belkin 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it with my Sony mp3 player and ipaq and both work perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast and space saving and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great price and you can get different brands to match any car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is so much faster that I have used it in video production and have it developed. No lag or slow down.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I use these and use them for my iPod and mp3 player. They work very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio/MP3 player.The only thing that bothers me is that the SD Audio and MP3 players sometimes have lag issues. I use it with my Panasonic SD Audio but it might come in handy for your other Audio/Video sources. I've used SD Audio for years but never as a primary. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That's amazing. It's perfect for my camera, SD Audio and any other digital camera I use. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my digital camera and mp3 player all the time. It's the very first time I've used a Kingston 256MB SD card, and it worked perfectly. I was very happy with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and is very easy to use.  I used it in Brazil and was very happy with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's so fast and the price is so good that I'm buying it now.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it with my Panasonic Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  This makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked perfectly. I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my digital camera and ipaq and have it developed.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, use SD Audio and Radio and get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  You get different options for different car perfectly and you get different size sizes to Match your car exactly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa, ipac, ipx and ipaq.  It takes full advantage of SD Audio and Digital Camera Audio.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that stops you from getting perfect fit is the fact that the unit comes in different sizes depending on the car perfectly (i.e. you get the feeling that the other parts are too big for your car). The other parts hold perfectly and you can use your car just as it came in the mail.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rates of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s. That is super. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. That is super. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. No lag or slow down at all.  It also makes your card work better with SD Audio.  This is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my SD Audio and MP3 audio players always have it on.The only down side to this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. If you use SD Audio or MP3 it will take forever to move it to and fro. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked well, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's very fast and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. It is so easy to use that you can run your shutter on your camera non-stop until the camera takes perfect photos at a rate of 2 fps.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works and is super fast.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It also makes my car super quiet while driving! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and the price was much less than expected. It also came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it in my digital camera all the time. No lag or slow down.It also is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's incredible! No lag or slow down. It makes my camera perform better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down at all.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can even get different price tags to match perfectly. I used this one for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only thing that stands out is the fact that you can't use SD Audio or Radio. The card comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It is the first time I've used a SD Audio/Radio card, but I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and still get the full 5MB/s.  It saves tons of space on my SD video and still provides great performance. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great.The only problem is that the SD Audio and Vorbis video quality is very good but not as good as CD or Blu-Ray.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. This is perfect for my digital cameras and mp4 player. It also has SD Audio and VBR (Variable Bit Rate) audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It takes pictures perfectly. The only thing that might come in handy if you get your card full is if you use it with a larger SD video camera. You can use the included SD Audio and Video adapters.  I used them and it worked great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super! You get 4MB SD Audio, and 3MB Video. You get different sizes to match your camera perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and it takes photos even in the most difficult lighting situations. It also has built-in SD and CF recording. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get perfect results. I'm very satisfied with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different mAH sizes to matching your car very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used to replace my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, stable, and the price is right. I used it in Brazil and was very happy with it. I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipq, ip, ipv, ip3, ipec, ipfx, ipj, ipk, ippr, and ipaq. It takes up two SD Audio audio mAH adapters and a Belkin. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and I've been very happy with it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That's super. I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It's so fast I can use SD Audio and use the camera's microphone without lag or slow down.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it takes up 2 SD Audio connectors (I used to get 4.95 on this one). That's a little pricey for 2 of those. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but you have to pay extra for the extra connectors. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is sooooo fast that you can run the card at full speed through a CD player without the sound quality degrading.  I use it for my iPod and keeps everything totally secure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  It's so fast and the cost is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. It also has 2M SD Audio and 2M CD Audio. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony MAM and keeps it totally secure while driving. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, compact, and has lots of different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great price and you get different sizes for different car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get full 4.5MB SD Audio. The only thing that slows down playback is the fact that the SD Audio is only available in Dolby Digital. This is very good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It is super and saves tons of space on my card. I used it in Brasil and used it on my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq all at the same time. It's super and saves tons of space on my SD Audio and AC adapters.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player. It's also very easy to copy anything to and from it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I also use it to store my remote and ipaq.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's the first time I've used one of these.  It works perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can get different prices on different parts but these come in at the same price point.  I used them in Brazil and they worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera at full frame rate (2.5 fps), mp3 player and ipaq at full speed. No lag or slow down.The only thing that stands out about this card is the price. I used to purchase this card, but since I can't return it because it's defective, I'm using it as advertised. I can get very close to perfect performance with my other SD audio and digital camera adapters, but this one is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player on and off while driving. No lag or slow down. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super. I used it to replace my Belkin and it worked much better. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it in my car all the time and it's always perfectly secure while driving. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and is very secure.  It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I used CD player and radio and everything worked perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super and I use it for my iPod, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec and ipaq ipaq. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I use it now in Nashville, TN and get the feeling that my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. It worked much better than expected and is much more reliable now. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera at 2.5 fps on my camera and it still takes full advantage of the SD Audio and Video.The unit comes in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and radio on my way to capturing a picture in 3.5 seconds on my camera.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera and digital camera constantly. I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing! It saves tons of space on my SD audio and video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, use the CD player and radio.  This one is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  I use it with my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Good sound. Price is about half the cost of other brands I have bought online.  I use it for my iPod, ipaq, ipc, and ipaq.  It keeps them totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  It's the first time I've used such a card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it in my digital camera all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. The only thing that stands out about this is the fact that the card is only 2.5mm thick. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio. No lag or slow down. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card writes the video and/or audio to and it still keeps the image perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound and you can use CD player and radio without buying extra adapters.  I use these all over the place in my car.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is incredible.  It also is so fast and cheap that I don't need to use SD Audio. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. Great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. It was my very first time using a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. I used my digital camera a lot and it was so fast that I no longer have to use my camera's card.The only thing I dislike about this is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It takes up to a minute or two to copy anything to and from it. I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my SD card and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  It also works well with my car perfectly and takes up no space on the dashboard at all.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing! The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is that the SD Audio and SD Video recording have a slight lag to them.  The card is such a fast SD Audio/Video recorder that I'm not sure what the cause is.  I used to own and returned it.  It was the only one that had this problem. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.The only thing that might come in handy is if you want to use your SD Audio or MP3 Audio for digital camera/MP3/Radio playback. This card does not support these formats. It is also very easy to use with SD Audio and MP3 audio. This is perfect for my digital cameras and mp3 players.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and low cost. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and CD player and radio all working perfectly.I also used it to get a Kingston 256 MB SD Audio. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. It worked well. It was my very first time using a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just makes your camera perform better. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s. It is super. I used it for my digital cameras and mp3 player and both work perfectly.  It saves tons of space on my SD card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.  It's super and is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The first time I used it,I was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps (which is amazing). The only downside is that the card doesn't work with SD video.  I use my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I used to replace my SD Audio and CF card with these and it worked great. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. You can even use it in reverse if you need to. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing! This card makes my camera perform better. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. Great sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and MP3 audio files on my SD Audio. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video. It also provides power to both of my SD Cameras.  It is super and keeps everything totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5MB/s (on my Kingston 256MB SD card) and get it to work perfectly.The only thing that could be better is to use SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. Great sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound. I use it for my iPod, ipaq and ipaq mini. It is super and keeps them totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until it is full speed and still have the card write. It is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the field of medicine. This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. This is perfect for my digital cameras and ipaks.The only thing I dislike about it is that the SD Audio and Vorbis audio don't work.  But that's easy to get used to.  I use this for my ipaq and mp3 and use the Belkin. It's much more expensive. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my primary SD Audio player and radio all the time. No lag or slow down even when driving. Great sound.The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that the SD Audio and radio use different sized SD Audio codecs. This one is a little slow and distorted.If you use it for anything other than driving, you should get different sized RCA/RCA adapters to match your perfectly perfectly. If you use these for anything else, you'll need to get different sizes to match perfectly. I used to replace my stock RCA. They work great, but be aware that you'll get different sound with different sizes. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. It was the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. No lag or slow down in use. Great sound and price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this one as my primary remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq all at the same time.  It also saves tons of space on my power cords and keeps everything totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD Audio and Video work very well. I used it with my Sony CF card and the CF card worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It even has the ability to work with your iPod/MP3 player.  I use it for my iPod and radio perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just makes your computer run better.  No lag or slow down when moving around.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, very fast and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound and use it to record and playback your favorite mp3s and radio shows. You get different options to match the car perfectly, so just pick one that's best for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It is soooo fast that it saves tons of space on my SD card. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio and digital camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.I use it for my iPod and keeps everything totally secure without the need for a bulky adapter.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked much better than expected. It was the very first time I've used it, but I'm very satisfied. I use it every day for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq.It is very easy to use and keep it totally secure while driving. It is perfect for my car perfectly and saves tons of space on the back seat. I've also used it for my ipaq perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Belkin after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full and get better picture quality.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast and it's super. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. This card is so fast that it can run all 4 of these on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Price is excellent. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and returned it the very next day. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I used the CD player and radio.It worked much better than expected. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and the card still takes full photos. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It is so easy to copy anything and everything to and from and it takes up very little space on your card. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD video every time Iordered.It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it in my digital camera all the time, so I can get great results. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. It's also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and the sound quality was excellent. It worked even after I changed the SD Audio format to WAV. It is also very fast. It takes up to 10 minutes to copy anything to and from it. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and worked perfectly.It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound.  I use it for my iPod and radio.  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.  No lag or slow down at all. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it on my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony HD-DVD player and keeps it totally secure while driving.  This also includes the option to connect your iPod and keep it totally secured while driving as well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. No lag or slow down on anything. I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipx, ipq, ipa and ipaq. It is super and is super price. I use my Kingston 256MB SD card as usual and get full access to it just as easy as using SD Audio.The only thing that I dislike about it is the fact that it takes up two SD Audio/MP3 mAH batteries just to keep it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. No slow down or slow up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing! It makes my camera perform better and keep it totally secure while driving. It's also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, very fast performance, and the SD Audio and CD audio work perfectly.  No lag or slow down even with the smallest SD Audio or CD audio.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound and photo quality. I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.It also comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I use it in conjunction with my Sony camera. It is so speedy that I'm using it non stop without lag or laggy frame rate.I've used SD Audio and WAV Audio, both of which use SD Audio as their standard audio codec, but both are soooooo sloooooow that I use this one exclusively. It's super.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  It takes it all my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and take photos at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound and it's so small that it can fit easily in your car perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different adapters to match different car perfectly as well.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great sound and the price is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's super. I use it with my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my card.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing and makes my camera perform better. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I use it in my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa and mp3 player. No lag or slow down 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and CD player and keeps it totally secure while driving while driving.  It is the first time I've used this card and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It takes photos beautifully.I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. The only time I have had slow down is when I used it in the rain. That's it. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and kept it totally secure while driving. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with it. I use it in my digital camera all the time. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is amazing. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player all the time. It saves tons of space on my CF card. I use them for my ipaq and ipaq mini and have it all plugged in. It takes them all of 5 minutes to copy anything to and from them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The only problem I had was that the volume of audio recordings I made with it were all over 8.5 on average. If you have a larger or smaller stereo system, you might consider using it. This will definitely come in handy if you plan to record or create digital audio with it. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get the full 4MB SD video. No lag or slow down.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. I used to replace my SD Audio and SD Video, which both take forever to copy to and from.The only downside is that there's no SD Audio or SD Video included, which are both excellent sound and video quality. You get the feeling that you're paying almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the card itself. This is definitely not worth the asking price on Amazon. I've also used Kingston 256MB SD Audio, SD Audio/Video, and CF card. Each one takes forever to transfer to and out of. It's like having them all in one.The product itself is very good, especially for the price.  I used it in Brasil and used it for my camera and ipaq. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That's amazing and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly after I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  The only thing I dislike about it is that the other three cards don't work with it.  You have to use the two larger ones.  It's definitely not the first time I've used it, but it's the first that worked. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. It worked even better than expected.I use it to replace my Belkin. The Belkin's power cord is too long and you can't use it as a remote. The Kingston 256MB SD card is perfect for my Belka's power cords.The only thing I dislike about this is that the Belkin requires batteries to operate. This one just takes a standard AA batteries. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used mine in Brazil, and now use it in Canada.  Great price, and you save tons of space on your car just using it as an SD Audio/Video player/recorder/cable/satellite.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked much better than expected and is so much more compact than expected. I use it all the time in my digital camera and mp3 player. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it doesn't work with SD video.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps (I get great results). I use this card to run my digital camera non-stop until the camera is full.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my Sony digital camera and ipaq. It worked perfectly and was the very first time I've used a digital camera or ipaq with a card slot. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that the SD Audio and MP3 audio output quality is very weak.I use this card for my iPod and radio, and use my Belkin for everything else. It is soooooo much better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and copy any image to and from it without lag or slow down.  I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 player and ipaq.  This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and MP3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 mp3 radio and ipaq.  It's super and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player all the time without lag or slow down. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. No lag or slow down. I get the feeling that this card is designed to be larger than advertised but it is very easy to use and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps.The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that the SD Audio and LEXAR adapters don't work at all. I used to own but it's defective.I used to buy online but it came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is the only one I've used that is compatible with SD Audio and keeps it totally secure while driving.The only drawback I've found is that the unit takes up to 2 hours to copy anything to and from it. I use it in my car, and it takes forever to copy things back and forth.I use it for my iPod and keeps everything totally secure during driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipec, ipa, mp3 player and ipaq.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The other thing I like about it, is that it is so inexpensive that I don't have to buy extra Kingston 256MB SD Audio, just buy one that's 2 bucks less. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video.  It's also very easy to use with my Belkin and Belkin 2.5mm audio and video adapters.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You can use SD Audio and mow it down to about 2 minutes.  But it still takes forever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound.  I used it in Brasil and used it with my Panasonic I used to record my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. This card is perfect for my Sony digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super and keeps my iPod perfectly secure while driving. It also keeps my car perfectly secure when I use my CD player and radio. I use this one in California and have it in the UK now. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is amazing. I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. No lag or slow down. This card makes my computer run better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my Sony HDTV. The unit is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.The only thing that stops it working well is my remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received it exactly 2 days after Iordered.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied. It was the very first time I've used it, but it worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD Audio and Radio work great. The only thing I dislike about these is the fact that there is no SD Audio output to connect to your stereo.  Hopefully this is resolved in future firmware updates.  Good sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I use mine for my iPod and radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. You can even get 2MB SD video. That is super. It saves tons of space on your card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That's amazing and gives you more space for your SD Audio. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was very easy to use.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it for my Canon Rebel XT and it's perfect.The only thing I dislike about this is that the SD Audio is soooo sloooooow.I used to run my digital camera all the time, but now I can't run it at all.I hope this is going to get better with time. I use it primarily for my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's perfect for my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  It takes full advantage of SD Audio and WAV recording.The only thing that stands out about this card is the fact that it is so small that it can't be formatted to work with SD Audio or WAV.  This is a very expensive card and it's a pain to use for anything other than those 2 formats.  I use SD Audio only because that is the most accurate and it saves space on the card.If you need to work without SD Audio, I recommend that you use SD audio only. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I use it every day.  It's very fast and takes photos very well.  I use mine to run my digital camera and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is incredible. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and I was very satisfied with it.  It worked perfectly. I used to replace my Belkin because it's soooo sloooooow.  I use my Belkins for my remote, ipaq, ipc camera, ipac, ipa, ipq, ipx, ipv, ipex, ipec, and ipaq.  Not as easy to use as the Belkin, but you get the picture. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I've used other CF cards that didn't work well at all, but not this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is very easy to use. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I used CD player and radio and now everything is working perfectly. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit using it now.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving. It also has a 3M adapter for your camera. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's the first time I've used one of these. The sound quality is excellent.  I also use it in my car to store my remote, ipaq and ipaq player all at the same time.  It makes my car perfectly secure while using them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.The only thing that might come in handy is if you need to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my SD Audio to and out of it. It worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked much better than expected. Worked perfectly, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, fast download and run times.  It also has an SD card slot, making it perfect for all your digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq and ipaq.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected. I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps.  It is so quick that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  I get the feeling that the SD audio is not working at all, but I can use it anyway. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  It is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I also use it for my iPod and keeps everything totally secure even when driving.I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brazil and it's the very first time I've used it.  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  Great sound.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is much more compact. Great sound and price.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is super, especially for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I use it with my camera all the time and it makes it perform better.  I use SD Audio and the card makes it work better.If you use CF and use it in conjunction with SD Audio, you can get some really nice sound quality.If your card is just a little too slow for your card, you may need to upgrade your SD Audio software.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and came in 2 days 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my camera, mp3 player and ipaq all run at full speed. The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  If you have a lot of photos, mp4's or other large digital photos that you want to copy, you'll need to use a larger SD card.  Otherwise, it's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and it still provides the same fast and full performance.  The only thing that I dislike about it is the fact that there's no SD Audio or AC adapters.  You get the feeling that this is intended for larger audio devices, but is not.  If you connect it to a larger power amplifier or powered speaker, you will get the volume and sound of a larger device.  I use mine for my iPod and remote, and it is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac and ipaq.  The only thing that bothers me about this is that it takes up two SD Audio (A/V) audio cables.  I use the larger, 3.5mm ones, but that takes up three of them.  That's just too much.  It's also super fast, but it takes forever to copy anything to/from it.  You can get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but I'm using the Panasonic.  Great price and you get different size adapters to match better.  If you get the feeling that something is going to come in the mail in the next month and you need it now, you can get it on Amazon for 5 bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can also use it to control your mp3 player and ipaq perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing. No lag or slow down. The unit also takes SD and SD+ video at 2.5/5.0 fps. No slow down or slowdown. This card makes my camera perform better.  It's also very quiet. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, uses SD Audio and the Audio and Video outputs work well. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I've used better and worse. This one is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I used it with my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It's perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.I use it for my ipaq, ipa, ipx and mp3 players.I also used it for SD audio and video.I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.It was the very first time I've used a SD card, so I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipc, ipq, ipx, ip, ip and ipaq. Works great and the sound is very nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and picture.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I also get the feeling that there is a better price and better sound on this and other brands, but you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipac and ipaq.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It was the very first time I've used it, but I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is super. The only thing I dislike about this is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. The card takes forever just to copy them to and out of it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different adapters to match perfectly as well. You can get the feeling you can use it forever if you put it back on the right way.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it at home for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. It's super and keeps everything totally secure while driving. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast and it's so easy to use that I used it in Brasil, and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed.  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It worked perfectly.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4 fps. No lag or slow down. It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That's amazing. It makes my camera perform better. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  This is also very fast at writing or copy any digital camera or digital camera data to and from it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's so fast and takes up little space on my SD card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It makes my camera perform better. I use it with my Panasonic Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked very well and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and camera on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. The only down side to this is that it takes up 2MB of SD Audio. But I'm using a Panasonic SD Audio sound recording device. So there's that.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq.  Great sound.  I use it with my digital cameras, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipq and ipa. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to replace my SD Audio/MP3 player and DVD player. It is super and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. I use it in my digital camera all the time and can run it non stop. No lag or slow down. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super. I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked well and cost about 3 bucks just for the case. The only thing that bothers me is that there's a very small chance that something might come in the mail that's defective. But don't give up on buying/using it just yet 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video.  It's super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. This card is so fast and it doesn't take up extra space on my card like other SD Audio/MP3/Video formats. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is super and is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. It takes up to 3 minutes to copy anything to and from it. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipv and ipaq. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy and copy anything back to it.  It's not that big a deal, but it's something to keep in mind. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and use it at the same time. I get super results with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player and ipaq.It's very fast, but also very small.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The only thing I dislike about this is that there's no SD Audio, but that's not as big of a deal as other unit's that come in the post the same day.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I've used it with my Prius and Miatas and both of them work perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in Brasil and get my results back in less than 2 minutes. The only thing I dislike about this card is that the SD Audio and CD Audio audio don't work. This is a very inexpensive SD Audio/MP3 Audio/Video combo and it's not worth the asking price just for the sound quality.  This is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.The only thing that might come in handy is if your SD Audio or CD Audio gets slow or you lose the signal altogether. If you use it for anything other than digital camera use it as usual for your mp3 and radio. It's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit using it after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and is so fast that I can run my CD player, radio, and ipaq at the same time. The only thing that might come in handy is with time and use, you might find that the volume control on your ipaq and radio get in the way. It's easy to move them around to get the sound you want. I use my CD, radio and ipak all the time now and it doesn't get in their way any longer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. No lag or slow down.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it at home.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and worked perfectly. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's super. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, very fast performance, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it to replace my Belkin as advertised. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in Brasil and get my Kingston 256MB SD audio files to play just as well as they did on my Kingston 128MB SD Audio.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player at full speed.  I've used other SD Audio and SD Video adapters, but none of them were as fast as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and is very quiet while driving. I used my CD player, radio, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq all while driving without it. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it to replace my Belkin and it was much more powerful and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.The only problem is that there is no SD Audio output. I use my CD player and radio and use the included adapters. I get the feeling that these are designed for larger vehicles, but that's my only opinion. I have used and returned three of these units now and each one has had the same problem. I'm using these now for my iPod and radio. I can't get them to work.I used Amazon's very good electronic devices but it was my last remote that gave me problems. I used Amazon products elsewhere and got different ones.I also used a Belkin but it didn't work either. It's brand new and I haven't used it. I don't know about the Belkin's but mine's are much larger. The Belkin is about 1/3 the size of these. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.The only thing that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.  The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that the power adapters for my digital camera and mp3 player can't be plugged in at the same time. That's because the Belkin only supports one power outlet at a time. But that's easy to fix, just use the Belk's included power adapter to connect it to your other Belkin power outlets. It saves tons of space on your power strip.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I used it in Brasil and got it just as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic I used to replace my previous Kingston 256MB SD video.  It's very fast and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It is soooo much faster than expected, which is very nice. The only downside is that there is no SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different sized SD Audio and Radio sound. You can use these with your car just fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in Brasil and can run my camera without lag. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video Cams. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This is perfect even for my iPod.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes up two SD Audio/Video Cams at the same time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipac and ipaq. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio files. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that you can't run your SD Audio software on and off the card at the same time. The other good thing about this card is that it is so fast that I can run my DVD player and radio at the full volume. This is super.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  No lag or slow down.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing. The only thing I can complain about is that the only SD Audio/MP3/M4A that I get is very sloooooow. You can get better results by using an SD Audio or SD Audio and AC adapters, but I'm using this one just for the audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is super. I use it on my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa and ipaq all at the same time.It's also very easy to use and transfer your digital camera's and ipak's pictures to and from.The only thing that stands out is the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Belkin in less than 2 days. I've used and returned 5 of these now and each has come in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera and keep it totally secure while driving without lag or slow down. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super fast and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down at all. I use it for my GoPro and digital camera. No slow down or slow-down lag when running video. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipq, ipx and ipaq all at the same time. No lag or slow down. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It worked much better than expected.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I've been very satisfied with it.The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Use CD player and radio. The only thing that stands out is the fact that it takes SD Audio/MP3 and WAV. Not the most portable but you get the feeling that you can get it to work with just about anything you throw at it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that the SD Audio/MP3/MP4 video quality is a little bit sloooooow.  I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card, but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It's also super quiet and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's super. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes them all very fast.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. That may come in handy one day, but for now I'm using SD Audio. That takes forever. I've burned it to work with SD Audio, but that takes forever as well. The other thing I'm very unhappy about is the price. It's more than twice as much as other brand's I've used. That said, I've bought from Amazon and they're super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's also very fast and takes advantage of all the great features of the car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly.  It's even run my SD Audio without any lag or stutter.  This is perfect for my SD Video and Photo recording and keeps them completely secure while driving.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and had it developed. It worked great.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It was the very first time I've used it.It worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. I use it for my digital cameras and mp3 player. It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio/Video, SD video and remote.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It makes my camera perform better.  It also works with SD Audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It was so fast that I was able to copy anything from and to it in real time. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That's amazing! This is perfect for my camera. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera, digital camera and ipaq all the time. It's so fast and the only thing that can slow it down is the SD Audio. It also takes SD Audio very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.  It's the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  That is amazing.  It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5MB/s.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipa, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player non stop. It takes forever.If I used SD Audio, it would be much better. I use it for my ipaq and ipaq radio. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and was very happy with it. I used SD Audio and CD player, and both work very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.  It worked even better when I used CD player and radio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That is amazing. It's the fastest I've used on any card. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil, and it's the first time I've used it. It's so fast and easy to use that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and it doesn't slow down the camera at all. Great sound and is so inexpensive that I use mine exclusively for my digital camera and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down at all.Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that you get two different sizes of the same card to match different car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  No lag or slow down.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound.  Great speed and you can run your CD player and radio without any lag or slow down.  This card is so fast that it can run my DVD player and Radio at full speed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is amazing and I use it on all my camera and digital camera and run my camera at all times. This CF Card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and SD video. No slow down or lag. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. It's perfect for my Panasonic I used to run my camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected.The sound is great.The only thing that bothers me about this is that there is no SD Audio. I'm using my Zoom H621's. You can get adapters to fit these perfectly, but you get the feeling that they're just going to fall off over time. That being said, these work great and have a much better price/performance ratio than expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the Bahamas, and it worked perfectly. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. Great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  That is amazing and means you get 4.5 mAH batteries at least. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and it is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. It saves tons of space on my camera, and takes up less space on SD. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. You get a better price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It makes my camera perform better and work better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It saves tons of space on your car's interior.  I used it in Brasil and used it back in the USA. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked great and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked great.I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is amazing. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and keep it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq all at the same time.  It takes the same SD Audio and video out of it that my Kingston 256MB SD card does.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq monitor.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it only takes up one slot, making it impossible to use with larger SD Audio or MP3 player systems.  This is the first time I've used a SD Audio/MP3 player/AMAZ system, so I'm using it for that. It's very fast and doesn't slow down your system.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq monitor.  I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I use it in Chicago and have it developed.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  You get different mounting options to match the perfectly.I used to own, but I was very happy with my purchase and the price was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It was my very first time using a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works perfectly. Great sound and photo quality. No lag or slow down when using digital camera and mp3 player.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This makes my camera perform better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing.  It makes my camera perform better and keep it totally secure while driving. I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally safe while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super and it saves tons of space on my SD Audio and TV audio.  It also works very well with my Sony Bravilite Blu-ray player and DVD player.  I've used better and worse products.  This one is much better.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and I was very happy with it. I used SD Audio, Spotify, and other digital camera/MP3 players and use it every day. No lag or slow down on anything. It worked perfectly.I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it.  It worked much better than expected and was the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. No lag or slow down.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Good sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This one is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to/from it.  It's not my computer, so I can't say that it's the case with all brand new systems, but it's definitely a drawback. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use it with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was the very first time I've used one. Worked much better, although the audio quality isn't perfect, but for the price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and camera constantly without lag or slow down.  I used it with my Sony Rebel XT and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing and makes my camera perform better.  The only thing I dislike about this is that it takes up two SD Audio files to run my CF card. That's a little slow and you can get away with using one of the smaller SD Audio codecs available. But I would not recommend using it with anything other than SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing.  It takes up to 3 minutes to copy anything to and from it.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it takes up 2 spaces on my SD Audio/Video cable. That is a pain in the ass to use and results in less sound quality.  I'm using a larger Panasonic I used to own but otherwise fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  It's perfect for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I use it for my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great price and you get different sized SD Audio and Radio mAH batteries. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  No lag or slow down.  It's also super price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time, without lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.I used it to replace my Belkin and it was super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that might come in handy is if you lose your card or lose your copy of the software. Otherwise, it's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my primary SD Audio/MP3 player and radio all at the same time.  This is super! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly.  I use it in my camera all the time now and can't tell you how much faster it is now.  It is perfect for my SD and HD video and stills perfectly.I use it with my Olympus XT and get the same performance as my larger Panasonic I use with my XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It is also super fast and you can use it with my ipaq perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it to run my digital camera and digital camera remote at night, and the card is always fast enough to keep it totally secure while driving.  This is perfect for my car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super.  It is the first time I've used a SD card that can hold my camera completely secure while driving. That makes my camera perform better.I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it is soooo fast that my shutter can run on my car non stop without slowing down. It is so easy to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD Audio and DVD playback are very good. It's the only time I've used it. It takes it everywhere with me. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked much better than expected.The only down side is that the SD audio is sooooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use my Zoom HD on my iPod and have it replaced with the Belkin. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It also has built in SD Audio and radio.  I use this in my car all thetime and get great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It's super, especially if you use SD and SDHC.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.The only thing I dislike about it is that it is sooooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with it. The only thing that is saving you from wasting your money on this card is the fact that it can be formatted for SD and HD video recording.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipac, ipek, ipq, iprac, ipj and ipaq. No lag or slow down on these. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price.  I use it for my iPod, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq.  No lag or slow down.  It takes it perfectly and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that the card is so slow. I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It is soooooo fast that you can run your shutter on your camera nonstop until the full 3.3 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player and keeps them totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was the first time I've used this card.The only problem is that the Kingston 256MB SD Audio files are so big and heavy that it takes forever to copy them to and from the card. I used WAV and MP3 and that worked much much better.  I'm very satisfied with this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and is perfect for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and low power consumption. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it in Brasil and have it developed.  It's perfect and I can use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing!  It's also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is also very fast, especially in HD.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is very easy to use. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It also keeps your camera totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super.I used it to run my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked great. It worked with my Panasonic and Sony and worked even better with my MAM.The only thing that might come in handy one day is if I lose my SD Audio. The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. No problems at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.The only thing that stops me from using my camera all the time is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.That's the price you pay for having a larger capacity.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipx, ipak, ipq, ipc and ipaq.All work perfectly.  It's the first time I've used a CF card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and camera constantly without lag or slow down. It is also so small that I'm able to fit it in my pocket for quick use. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing.  It's also very easy to use and work with.  Great sound and picture. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  It's super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4 fps.  It also makes my camera perform better in low light conditions.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipq and ipaq all at the same time.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast, very secure and takes pictures perfectly. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I also get the feeling that you get more use out of it if you put some larger batteries in it. I use them with my Toyota RAV4 and they work great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It was very fast and worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's super and I use it all the time. I also use it in Brazil and it's perfect there. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it every day. It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the middle of a hurricane and it worked perfectly.  It is so fast that you can run your shutter on your camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  This is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super price and you get different sizes to match your perfectly perfectly perfectly to your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It makes my camera perform better. I use it in Brasil, and it's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in Brasil and can run my camera non stop without lag or slow down.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great price and you get different size adapters to match perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Worked much better in practice and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving while driving without the need to take it off. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and saves tons of space on my card.The only thing that bothers me about this is the fact that the unit takes forever to copy anything to/from it. That being said, it's still super. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera at the same time as my digital cameras. No lag or slow down. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's not the size of a larger Panasonic I used to own, but it's still heavy and takes forever just to copy something to and back from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and use it regularly.I get the feeling that it will last much longer.The price is very competitive and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it in my last remote quit using my digital camera and camera constantly. No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast and small that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.The only down side to this is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  That said, I can use SD Audio and get better sound out of it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different speeds to match the car perfectly as well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and cost. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can even use CD player and radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super, especially in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. You get different capacities to match different camera perfectly and keep it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. I used to run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. I used my digital camera, ipaq and mp3 player all the time and they all work perfectly.  This one is so much more powerful and can be plugged into my car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. It is also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked great and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony mp3 player and keeps it totally secure while driving.The only thing that might come in handy is if your car ever gets a little too heavy for this card. I use mine for my iPod and keep it totally safe while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works great.  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic I used to take my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq all photos.  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipq, ipec, ipex, ipx, ipj and ipaq. It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my primary SD Audio and digital camera and ipaq.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That is amazing! I use it in my camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better and last longer.The only thing I would recommend is to use SD Audio. Otherwise you will get clipping/punching issues. If you use the Audacity software, make sure to use the highest quality setting. It's definitely not a sound card by any means, but it's still better than what I've used before.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also very compact, so there is no extra space on your car perfectly.  It's perfect for all of my iPod and radio masts.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and is very easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rates of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound and it's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound and you get a ton of different sizes for the same price as a lot of the other electronic devices I use at work. The only thing that stands out here above all the other products is the fact that this one is powered by your car.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it on my 2007 Honda Rebel XT.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, small size, and fast performance.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq all day long without lag or slow down. I used to replace my Belkin and get the full 5 pack of Belkin's for 2 bucks on this very site 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera all night and still get my photos to come out perfect the next morning.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It's fast, small and takes full advantage of SD Audio and WAV. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It is also super fast to copy anything to and from it. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera all day long (with no lag or slow down). You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until it is full frame at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great price and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing! This card also works with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it to replace my Belkin. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It's also very small and has a full 1.5MB SD video output.  It's the only one I've used that has this feature. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in Brasil, and it is so easy to copy and move it around the world. It is so quiet that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full, and the card still won't slow down.  I use this card for my camera and ipaq, mp3 player, ipaq and ipc, and keep it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing! It also takes my camera very well. You get different sizes to match your camera perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different sized SD Audio and Radio adapters as well. This one is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in Brasil and get my work done faster than usual.  It's also very easy to copy and transfer files between and between these and my other Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It also makes my SD Audio work better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing.  It saves tons of space on my card, and it makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  It saves tons of space on my power cords.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and use it every day.  It's very fast and can run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq very smoothly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera at full frame rate until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super.I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and received it 2 days after Iordered. It worked much better than expected, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  It is also very small and lightweight.  This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It's super. It takes my digital cameras and ipaks perfectly.  It's the very first time I've used a SD Audio player and radio. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq. It's the fastest I've used. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Great price and you can get different size ear muffs to match even better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked better than expected and was very inexpensive. It also worked much better than I expected.The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The other things work much better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and camera on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 MB/s. This card can hold a 1.5" SD camera perfectly fine.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. It is super.I use it in my camera all the time now.  It saves tons of space on my SD card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That's amazing. It makes my camera perform better. I use it with my Panasonic Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, uses SD Audio and is powered by a AC adapter.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. That's amazing.  I use it in my digital camera and ipaq and it takes it perfectly. It also makes my SD video work better.  It's so fast, I can record full HD movies at 60 fps on my ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it as my primary card for all my digital camera and mp3 player.  It is so easy to copy anything to and from it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it all the time. It's so fast and has such a wide variety of different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different sizes for different car perfectly, and there's even the option of using different sizes in different colors. The only thing that stands out about this is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. That's not a big deal to you, but for other people that use their digital camera all the freaking time, that's a real pain in the ass. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. The only thing that slows it down is using SD Audio. I use Belkin because Belkin is soooo sloooooow. This one is soooooo fast that you can run your shutter on your camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It's super and it saves tons of space on my card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq simultaneously and get excellent results 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That is amazing.I used it in the Bahamas and it worked perfectly. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps.  No lag or slow down.  I use it in Brasil, and can run it non stop at 4 fps without lag or slowdown.  It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It makes my camera perform better. It's very small and takes up very little space on my CF card. It also keeps it totally secure while driving. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes pictures very fast and is very reliable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It's so fast I can use my camera and ipak at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. I used to capture all of my digital camera and mp3 player audio. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.  It worked much better than expected.I use it in the US, and it's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's perfect for my car perfectly and keeps everything totally secure.  It's also super fast and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. It's super. I've had it developed and now it's ready for my car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, lots of space for SD and HD digital camera and other camera accessories. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  Great sound.  It makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my card.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that the card only supports SD Audio. I use LEXAR's brand and can't get it to work. This card has a larger capacity so you can get better sound. I've used much larger SD Audio adapters but these work great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. It saves tons of space on my SD audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq all day on my last remote quit complaining about slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Price is also very good and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good price and you can get different lengths to match the perfectly.  This one is the first time I've used it and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked much better than expected.  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. That's amazing.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac, ipc and ipaq.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is incredible! It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video, and it's super-fast even on my slower SD Audio. I use it for my camera and ipaq and it keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it doesn't work with SD Audio and LTC. That's a pain in the butt to use. You can get adapters for this, but be careful not to get the sleeve of the card ripped off. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera at full frame rate on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5MB/s. It also takes SD video and audio with no lag or slow down. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get excellent results.The only down side is that the unit takes up 2 spaces on my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. The unit also takes up one space on my Seagate 256MB card, which is unacceptable.I use it in my digital camera all the time and get amazing results.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it in my digital camera all the time.  It's super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's super.  I use it for my camera and ipaq.  It takes up two SD Audio and HDMI inputs just as easily as a Belkin. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my digital camera and ipaq and use it for my digital cameras and ipaks. It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and it worked perfectly.  It worked much better than expected.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast and it saves space on your camera.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down.  It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever for it to copy them to and out of it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get excellent performance.  It takes my camera perfectly and saves tons of space on my card.  This is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipv and ipaq. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different capacities to match different car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's incredible. It's also so easy to use and transfer anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only problem I have with this is that the SD card takes up space in the back of the unit. If you use a larger SD card, it may be necessary to buy extra space. If not, it's perfect for my digital camera and ipaq perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. I have it in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed and came in the mail exactly 5 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It's perfect.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I used it for both of these products and each one came in 3 days afterIordered. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD video and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I used to replace my Panasonic I used in the USA and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.  I use it at work every day, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. I use it in my digital camera all the time. I get the feeling that it's using SD Audio or some other high quality audio. This is super and keeps my camera totally secure while driving.The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the SD Audio doesn't work at all with the camera plugged in. I used to own but had to return it as advertised. You can use CD player and radio but not for audio. I have used better and worse products in the past and this one is definitely the best I've used to date 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio/Video.  This is the first time I've used this card and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is very reliable. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full.No lag or slow down and the sound is fantastic.  I use it for my camera and ipaq.  It is so much faster that I use SD Audio instead of LEXAR.  This is sooooo fast that it saves tons of space on my SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.I used it with my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.I use it with Amazon, and am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that there is no SD Audio on this card. However, this is easily remedied by using a 3 pack of these. Great sound, but be careful not to overuse them. You can get 4 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries for 9.95 on this very site 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it to replace my Belkin and it worked much more secure.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It even has the extra clip that comes with the Belkin. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in Brasil and it still performs well. The only thing I dislike about it is that the SD Audio and video quality is not as good as it is with the Kingston 256MB SD card. This is because the SD audio and video have different bitrates. You can use it with Audacity, and get the same results as with the Belkin.  I also get the feeling that the Belkins are not so stable as the Kingston 128MB SD. I use mine as my camera and ipaq. The Belkin gives me perfect sound and video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 MB/s. No lag or slow down. It is perfect for my camera.  It even has a built-in SD Audio player.I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipak, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and it worked perfectly. I use it on my camera all the time, and never had to use a card or SD Audio.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just makes it work better.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's also super fast and takes SD and HD video perfectly. Great price and you can get different sized SD and SDHC adapters to match perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing and it makes my camera perform better.  It's super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing. I use it for my CF card and SD Audio. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit using my last one because of the poor sound. This one is so much better. You get the feeling you're using CD player and radio. It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It also has a different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and it's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it only holds 2 SD Audio files. That is such a bureacrat decision to make 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. Great sound and great price. I use it on my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq.It's perfect for my digital cameras and mp3 players. It's also the only 256MB card I've used so far that is working with SD Audio.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is amazing. The only thing that stands out about this card is the fact that it takes up 2 SD Audio (one of my least favorite things about these cards) and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. That being said, I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq charger. I'm using SD Audio and LEXAR digital camera adapters. The LEXARS work great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, mp3 player, ipac, ipec, ipx, and ipaq. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just works great and is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super.I used to run my camera all over my house and never had it slow down. It worked perfectly and is now my new go to SD card.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's very fast and makes use of the latest HDMI and VGA.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I use it on my 2012 Nissan Altima and it is perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. It's super fast, and it takes photos great.  I use it for my CF card, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq monitor. It takes them all perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well, the only thing I can complain about is the fact that the SD Audio/MP3/MP4 files don't work at all. I use them for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq ipaq.2
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing. No lag or slow down.I use it on my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. I use it with my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I used to own butotherwise fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Sony digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's small and light, yet sturdy enough to keep your car perfectly secure while in use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this in my digital camera and mp3 player. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get the best performance I've ever had with any card. I've used SD, SDHC and SDHD. The only problem I have with these is that they don't hold a charge very long, especially at full speed. That's not a big deal as most of my other cards hold a good charge for a long time. But be aware that there is no SD audio or video at this time. It's still the fastest SD Audio and Video I've had. That said, I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I also use it for my MP3 player, radio and ipaq perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different size mAH batteries to match perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq all at the same time. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It takes advantage of SD Audio and makes it work perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I also use it for my iPod and keeps them totally secure even while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing and keeps my camera perfectly secure while driving. It's also very slim, which makes it very easy to mount my camera to this while driving safely.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I can complain about is that the SD Audio and Radio sound like they're coming from another brand. I used to own, but I returned it. It's still great for my iPod, mp3 player, and radio, but it's not the same as a larger Panasonic I used on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It is the fastest I've used to date. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. It also makes it so that I can use it with my Belkin.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It is super. I get the feeling that my other cards are just as fast, but at the expense of more space on my card.  So you get the best of both worlds 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. No lag or slow down. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that you have to use a special card just for it to work. That being said, I use it on my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq. It is perfect and saves tons of space on my SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well, especially for my iPod, mp3 player, and ipaq perfectly.  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps.  It's super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's also super and is soooo quiet that I'm not able to hear any lag or slow down when running my camera.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. It worked so much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That is super. I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipec, ipa, ipc, ipv, and ipaq. It takes up to 4 hours to copy anything to and from it. This is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipak, ipac, ipaa, and it takes up no space on your card like other CF cards. It's also much more affordable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It makes my camera perform better. Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I use mine in my camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound and also includes remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing! I use it for my camera and mp3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. You can use CD player, radio, ipaq, and ipaq all at the same time. You get different sized covers to match better to your car better. Great price and you get sizes that match your perfectly perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and was the first time I've used it. The only thing that stands out is the fact that it takes up two SD Audio and WAV audio recordings at the same time. No lag or slow down. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. You get the feeling that the mAH batteries are very much in use. Good price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That's amazing and is super.I use it for my camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipec, ipq, ipx, ipv, ips and ipaq.I can run it at full speed and get the full 4.5 mAH.No lag or slow down.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly, and was the first time I've used it.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked much better than expected, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's also very easy to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and digital camera constantly while driving and keep them totally secure while driving. No lag or slow down.  It also saves tons of space on my SD Audio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I use it in Australia and can't recommend 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and still get great results. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  This is also perfect for all of my iPod and keeps them totally secure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq.  It is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Video.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. I used to replace my Belkin and get the price point. This is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full and it won't slow down. It's super and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's perfect.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  No lag or slow down while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I've used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with it and recommend it to anyone who has a camera or digital camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. I used to run my camera constantly. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it with my Panasonic I used to store my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq mp3 player. Great price, and it worked perfectly.I also used it for my ipaq and ipa mp3.  It was very fast and easy to copy any files to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq on my way to my remote every time I get a full SD Audio or WAV file.  No lag or slow down. I use it for my iPod, ipa and ipc. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It takes up to 3.7/5 with CF. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. The only thing that could be better is the price.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's super fast and takes up to 5 minutes to copy anything to and from it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is super fast.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. That's amazing. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super. I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving while driving.  No lag or slow down while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Good price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound and it's wireless as advertised. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD Audio is so fast that I can run my car without it having to be plugged in.The only thing that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my CF card, SD Audio, and other media.  It takes up to 2 minutes to copy anything to and from it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing! I used to run my camera and get great results.  It's super fast and the price is very reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5MB/s. That is super. I use it with my Panasonic I used to take all my shots with my camera.  It is so much better than expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different sized SD audio and video files just fine.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That's super! I use it with my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I use it to run my car radio and radio while driving perfect.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is amazing. It's also very space saving and doesn't take up extra space on your SD video. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD video just as advertised. Worked perfectly and is perfect for my digital camera. It takes photos at the same quality as my camera and makes the camera perform better.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked much better than expected.  It's very fast and I can use it in my car perfectly.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I use it all over the world and recommend it to anyone who is driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It is also super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super. Great sound and is super size.  I use it for my Panasonic camera and mp3 player and it takes both of them very comfortably.  It even works with my Belkin. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, fast and easy to use. It comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing and makes my camera perform better.  It's also very fast SD Audio and DVD recording. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I use it for my iPod and keeps everything totally secure even while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I use this card for my digital camera and mp3 player. It's perfect for them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brazil and use it to replace my previous Sony. This one is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and still get great results. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly. No lag or slow down. It's the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly, and was very fast. It worked well, and the price is very reasonable. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It also takes SD video, and can play it back at any frame rate you choose. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio and DVD.  The only thing that stands out here over all the other Kingston 256 MB SD Audio and DVD adapters is the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's also very easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq ipaq while driving without any lag or slow down in performance 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing and saves tons of space on my card. Great sound and is very easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's super. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it's so small that it takes up two SD Audio (3.5 mAH each) and one AC adapter (3 mAH) at the same time. That sucks. But that's not a big deal as long as you keep your camera totally secure while using it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and the card still works. It is sooooo fast that it is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It's so fast you can run your shutter on your camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. It also has SD Audio and VGA output.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that you can't copy any video/photo files to/from it. That said, I use and recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It's perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's super. It saves tons of space on my SD video and audio. It also makes my camera perform better in low light conditions. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, lots of capacity, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio/Video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down.  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  No lag or slow down on audio or video playback.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. I use it with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is super. It makes my camera perform better.  It's the first time I've used a SD card and it was the very first time using a Kingston 256MB SD card. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  It was the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and is the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes up 2 SD Audio inputs.The other 3 work great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player and it has worked well so far.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I have used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and the price is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It has the ability to work with all of my other car audio and CD player systems. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  This is perfect.  It's very fast and takes photos and videos perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I used to own but found it soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The only down side is that it takes up two SD Audio and one Power, leaving one full space on my card.  That's a little too much for my camera to handle 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's so fast and it saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video. The only thing that bothers me about it is that it's so sloooooow. I used to run my camera at 3.2 fps but now I can't run it at all. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I'm using it to copy any video or photos to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It worked perfectly and was the first time I've used a Kingston 256 MB SD card.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it as my primary SD Audio device. It's fast, cheap and takes up no space on my SD Audio.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera all the time. Great sound.  No lag or slow down.  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. This is perfect for my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's fast and reliable.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. No lag or slow down.  It's super.  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing that stands out here over other products is the fact that you can get different size mAH batteries for 3 bucks on this very site. I used these and they work great. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It saves tons of space on my card and it makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different size SD Audio and radio and get different volume levels. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD video every time Iordered. Worked perfectly and is the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing.  You get better sound with less noise at the same frame rate.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You get different mAH batteries as well, which work great.  You get sizes to suit your car just perfectly. Great sound, and it's very slim. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Very fast, and it saves tons of space on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera all night on my camera without it slowing down. This is perfect for my SD video camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  It's super fast and has a lot of space to spare.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, excellent sound and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It also makes it so much easier to take your camera and mp3 player with you on the road.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipac, ipec, ipp, ipq and ipaq. It is super. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it in my digital camera all the time. It's perfect and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The first time I used a SD card, I was very happy with it, but after a year of owning/using it, I've come to realize it's so fast that I can't use it with my digital camera.  This is a very common problem with SD Audio, especially MP3 Audio, so I'm very satisfied with the purchase and I'm ordering from Kingston myself now. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and the unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and fast performance.  I use it for my iPod and ipaq.  The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and was very happy with it. It worked well and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. It worked much better than expected.  It's the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing.  I use it for my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera and use it for my digital cameras. I get the feeling that this card is the future standard.I use it on my digital Cameras and MP3 players. It is perfect. It makes my digital Camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq and both worked perfectly.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card just for that purpose. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps (2.5MB/s) and get excellent results.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brazil and it is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing and I use it for my camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is amazing and is so easy to use. It is super!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it as my SD Audio and digital camera. It makes my devices perform better and last longer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.  It saves tons of space on my card and is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx and ipaq. It's the first time I've used one of these. It makes everything work better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. It's super. It saves tons of space on my SD card and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. This is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound and you get separate mAH and LP batteries for each one. No extra power cords or adapters needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in my remote remote location and use it almost every day.  It is super.  I get the feeling it will last forever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipc and ipaq.  No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The only problem I had was with it not working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is super. I use it with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and is perfect for my digital camera and mp3 player. I also use it for my iPod and ipaq. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. The only thing I dislike about this card is that the SD Audio is only working with Pioneer CD player and radio. I used to purchase and they work great with this card. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That is amazing.I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It is soooooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. No lag or slow down. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. It's so fast you can run the shutter on your camera non-stop until the SD Audio or Video is full. This card is perfect. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used this in Brasil, and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's incredible. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. The only thing that stands out is that there's no card or SD audio. That's a big plus to me. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is amazing and is so much faster than my SD Audio/Video.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps.The only down side is that the SD Audio is soooo sloooooow.  I've used better and worse.  The worst is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Price is very good and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. You can even connect your CD player, radio and ipaq to this.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and it's the first time I've used this. I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card and this one came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It worked better with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and was much more reliable.  I also use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa, ipac and ipaq. I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Price is very competitive with the other big name brands. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super and makes my camera perform better. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound. Good price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq.  No lag or slow down.  I've used many different SD Audio and SD Audio & AC adapters.  This one is soooo much faster and makes it work much better.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera and digital camera always have it.  It saves tons of space on my SD Audio/MP3/MP4 files and keeps them totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and very fast. The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that there is no SD audio. I used CD player and radio.I used this on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SD card is super. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps.That's amazing. I'm using my SD Audio and MP3 audio, and can run them both perfectly. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is super. I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player.It takes up to 3 minutes to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera at full frame rate and capture full 4K videos. No lag or slow down. Great sound. Great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also super fast and is able to transfer any of my MP3 audio or video files to and from it perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied with this card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD card.The only down side is that there is no SD audio output. That's my only complaint about this card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.It's super and takes them all perfectly.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is so fast that I can run my blinker and check my speed without having to get out of the car.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipec and ipaq.  This one is also so fast and it saves tons of space on my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  Great price, and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD audio and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is also the only one I've used so far that doesn't require a power cord (as others have found out the hard way).  It's also super fast. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5MB/s. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just made my Kingston 256 MB SD video work better. This is perfect for my digital camera and mp3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It saves tons of space on my Belkin. Great sound and video. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super. Great sound. It makes my camera perform better.  It also makes it possible to use SD Audio and record with it.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and low power consumption. It's super on my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving perfectly. I use it for my car stereo, radio, ipaq, ipak mp3 player and ipaq ipaq.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it's soooo sloooooow on SD video.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.The only thing that might come in handy is if your SD Audio and AC adapters don't fit. This is a little tight, so it might come off some time.  If that's the case, just buy the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio just as advertised and it should work just fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. This card can also be formatted for SD Audio and 3. 5MP digital camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  Great sound.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It's so fast and doesn't slow down your camera at all. I use it in Brasil and use it regularly with my camera. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound and is so easy to use. I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It was perfect and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. I used it in the Bahamas, and it worked perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.The only thing that bothers me about using SD video is that the sound quality is so-so. That said, you get the idea.  The price is unbeatable, the performance is excellent, and the size makes it perfect for my digital camera and ipaq perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The only thing I dislike about these cards is the fact that the unit takes forever to copy anything to and from them. This can be worked around by using SD Audio or OTA video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just worked better than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It takes a few minutes to get the firmware and software updated, but once that's done you get all the usual functionality like a larger SD Audio volume, and better sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound and space saving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and mp3 player without lag. I used to own but gave it away to save on cost.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Great sound.The only thing that stands out is the cost. It's a little over-priced for what it's supposed to do. But it's much better quality than expected and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to replace my CD player/radio.I use it for my iPod and ipaq.  It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's super. I use it in my camera all the time.It's the first time I've used a Kingston 256MB SD card, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full and get a maximum of 4.5 fps. This is super. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video, and makes my system perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq all at the same time.  Great sound and picture. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. Great sound.  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That's amazing. I'm very satisfied with this card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mp3 player.I use it on all four of my cars now. Great price, you get a little different sizes for your car very easily. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. No lag or slow down. It also has a built in SD Audio output.  This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Good sound.  I use it in my car all the time and can say it's perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. This is perfect for my Panasonic and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD audio and video. I use it with my Panasonic AV and DVD. I've been very happy with it so far.  It saves loads of space in my SD Audio and Video.  I can also run my camera at a steady frame rate until the video is full and use it as my camera.  This is perfect for my remote quit taking up all the space in your card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. This card also has SD Audio, which is soooooo much better than expected. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked well and I've been very happy with it. I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the middle of a remote hurricane. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked much better than expected. It worked much more quickly than expected, and was much more reliable.The only thing that bothered me was that there were no adapters to use for my SD video and audio. I used the Mini HDMI, and that was the only one that worked. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It saves tons of space on my card. The only thing that bothers me about this card is the fact that it takes up two SD audio audio outputs. That's a pain in the neck to use.  This is perfect for my digital cameras and ipa, but you need to use the other output to get the full sound.  It's super! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and it's very fast and reliable. The only thing that stands out here is the price. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The one I use in Brasilia is a little too big and can't be used with the other adapters. I use a different brand and it fits perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing. It makes my camera perform better. It's also very easy to copy and backup your photos to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  This card is so fast that I can run my CD player, radio and ipaq at full volume. It is also super. I use it in my car and have it developed.I use it with my iPod and radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. It saves tons of space on my SD card, especially when running my camera at 3 fps.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. No lag or slow down when driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it makes them both totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it every day and have it developed. The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it.  I use it every day now and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. It worked perfectly.  I was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and is very quiet. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It is super. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is amazing.  This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It is also very easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. The only thing I dislike about this is that there is no SD Audio out. That is a big disappointment to me, especially with my iPod and radio. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5MB/s. That's amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and Video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Great sound and is so easy to use that I use it on my iPod and it still makes it work perfectly.  It's the only time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio/MP3/WMA/Video files.  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. It's so fast and space saving that I use it all the time. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever even to copy music to and out of it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is amazing! I used to run my digital camera non-stop until it was full at 3.5 frames rate. That's amazing! Using SD Audio and QuickTime.  I can now run my camera without lag or slow down. I'm using it with my Panasonic XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it works well. The only thing I can complain about is the fact that it takes up 2 full 128MB SD video format SD Audio. I use it for my iPod and radio. It's a little bit of a pain to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to copy everything to and off of it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. No lag or slow down. That makes my camera perform better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my Sony camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. It's also very fast and takes advantage of all the great features like bluetooth and MP3 playback while driving (which are very slow on other car's radios).  I use mine all the time and have it built right into my rear view mirror. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is super. I used it in Brasil and used it back in the US. It worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Great sound.  You get different adapters for different car perfectly (even better than expected). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and had it developed. It worked perfectly and is the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's super. It's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. That's amazing. It saves tons of space on my SD card, and is super.I used to run my digital camera non-stop until the last frame rate was 3.5fps. It worked perfectly, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  It is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is much more secure.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipv, ipe and ipaq.  It takes great photos and sound is clear.  This is perfect for my iPod, mp, ipa and ipc. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. The only thing I dislike about it is that there is no SD Audio output.  You can get that on my last remote, which is my last Remote quit using it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps.The only thing that bothers me about this card is that it takes up two 3.5MB SD Audio files to work with it. I used to record my mp3s, but found that the quality of the audio degraded with the size of the file. I can't use it for that purpose. So I'm using it for my mp2 and mp3 player. It works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly. Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It also comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It's the first time I've used it and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked perfectly.  It is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is super.  I use it in my digital camera all the time.  No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast and reliable that I use it to run my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq constantly. No lag or slow down even with the most expensive and slowest of all time. I use them in Brasil and they work perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's amazing.  Great sound.  I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player.  No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. Worked much better in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my digital camera and digital camera (as usual) without lag or slow down. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it in my digital camera and use it for my digital cameras and mp3 player.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.It is so much faster that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.I used to run my camera at 3.3 fps.The only thing that might come in handy is if your SD Audio and/or Video clips don't fit into it perfectly.The other thing that I like about this card is that it comes in CF format, so you can use it to replace your CF card in your camera perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.The only thing that stops it from being perfect is the fact that the SD card is very tight on this unit. I use it for all my digital camera's and mp3 player's. It's very easy to get it to work with them, but you have to get very careful when removing and putting it back on. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I can run my camera and mp3 player continuously on my mp3 for 2 minutes without it slowing down. I used it in Brazil and it worked perfectly.  It's very quiet and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I use it in Germany and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.  I can't recommend buying this unless you get different sizes to match your camera perfectly.  You get different capacities to match just about any camera perfectly, but you get what you pay for 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Good price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.It is so much faster than a Kingston 256MB SD card. It saves tons of space on my SD card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  I used it to replace my Belkin and it's much more compact. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked perfectly. I use it for my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc and ipaq. No lag or slow down.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected and is much cheaper than expected. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised and worked perfectly. Worked much better than expected. I used it to replace my Belkin and it was much easier to use.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Work well and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my Panasonic digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. It saves tons of space on my SD Audio and video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so fast that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. No lag or slow down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the remote Pacific Northwest and used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card. This one is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at frame rates of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my digital camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. I use it on my motorcycle, car and plane all of the time. It's super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It's also the first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and can run it at 2.5 mAH. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. Great sound and the unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.  It is so easy to use that I use it for my iPod and camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipapaq, and ipaq all at the same time on this card.I use it for my ipaq and mp3player. It's perfect and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD video and it worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. It's very lightweight and the volume and sound quality are excellent. The only thing that keeps coming up is "Bad Disc" errors, which I've corrected with the DVD software. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in the UK and it worked perfectly.  It was my very first time using SD Audio. I was very happy with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.The unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever for me to copy any large photo or mp3 file to andfrom it. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The Belkin's just make it look like your car is a total slooooo-poster 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 2.5 fps. No lag or slow down.I use it with my Sony Rebel XT 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It's the fastest I've used.  It's also very small, so you can run your camera without using the card at all.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  It's small enough to put on the back of my car perfectly and keep it totally secured while driving (even in the rain). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It also works great with my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It's super fast and has SD Audio and Radio support. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  No lag or slow down on any of your digital camera's or mp3 player's mp3.  It's super and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it takes up to 3.5 hours to copy anything to and from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5MB/s. That's amazing.  It makes my camera perform better.  This is perfect for my CF card, and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving perfectly. The only thing I dislike about it is that there's no volume or radio controls, so you have to use the volume or Radio buttons. It's very small, but not too small to use your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. That is super. I use it in my digital camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this one for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq ipaq.  I get the feeling that the other parts will come in handy over time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. It takes up to 15 minutes for it to copy anything to and from it.  This is perfect for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is super and is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever for it to copy all of the files back and forth. I also use it in my digital cameras, mp4 player, and ipak. It took forever for the copy to work. I'm using SD Audio and the original file was encoded at 24 mbps.The Kingston 256MB SD card just barely holds. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to transfer anything to/from it.  I'm also using it in the US now and it's taking forever to format it.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I can run my camera at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That's amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This CF card is so fast that I use it as my SD camera and digital camera all run perfectly.The only thing I dislike about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio and WMP3.WTH is that?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and received it the next day.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked much better than expected. I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.I used it with my Panasonic I used to capture the video in Brasilia and it was super. No lag or slow down 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked perfectly and was the very first time I've used one. It worked much better than expected and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. I use it in my digital camera all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. Great sound. I use it on my Sony Rebel XT. It's perfect for my camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac, ipa and ipaq. This card is super. It's fast and the price is very reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my digital camera non stop until the card is full at 4MB/s. That is super 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It's the first time I've used SD Audio.The only thing I dislike about this card is the fact that it takes up 2 SD Audio connections to run it. That said, it's so fast you can run it through your TV and still get the best sound.The price is very good and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. The only thing you need to watch out for is running out of space after a year's use. It takes up a lot of space.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. Great sound.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. This is perfect for my CF card and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full. No lag or slow down. That's amazing. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq mp3 player.It's super and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 4.5 fps. This is perfect for my camera and keeps it totally secure while driving. 
