Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is an excellent guide to a great book.  It is easy to understand and provides plenty of practical information to get you started with the essentials of running a marathon.  The only negative review I have is that there are not as many detailed recipes as there are in the book. I would have liked to see recipes for every dish or drink that would have been useful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was amazing.  I would recommend this book for anyone who is looking to learn a little bit about the history of the American Indian and his/her culture.  The author, John T. G. Anderson, takes the reader on an excellent journey through his research and presents information on both the history and the cultural aspects of this ancient culture. In addition, he presents a few interesting observations that will make the reader think.  If you are an American Indian, or even just interested in Indian history, this book is a must 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I'm a senior in high school and I've been working through it for a while now.  It's great!  The only reason I'm writing negative reviews is that I would like to see a sequel 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent introduction to the works of the early 19th Century. It was the first book to be published by the new British Museum and the first to be used in the museum's educational program. It has been reprinted many times since and is still available for viewing in the Museum's gallery. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book and I wish that I had read it earlier.  I enjoyed the story and I think that the main character would have been quite a challenge for me as a young girl, but I was very pleased with how the story was presented to me.  It was written in a very simple but interesting manner.  In the beginning of the book the characters have to choose a friend and go to visit her.  The friend chooses a boy and then they go to see a movie and then to dinner.  Later on they find a book on the subject of what a girl wants in a boy.  They read that chapter and go over the choices in it.  If they make a bad choice the boy will lose his friend and they go on to visit another boy.The story is told from the point of view of the girl.  She is introduced to the boy who makes the decisions, and she goes over the reasons for her choices.  Each chapter is a different story and it is told in a manner that keeps the girl's identity hidden until the end.  This makes the story very interesting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a child and still find it useful.  It's very informative and the stories are interesting.  I would like to see it expanded upon, especially with the information in the appendix.  The stories are so different from one another that I would be happy to see a whole series of them.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will keep you up to date on the latest research in the evolution of the Homo genus.  I think the author is well worth your time to take a look at this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great!  It is the story of the life of a homeless man who lost his wife and daughter in a terrible accident.  It will give you some insight into the life and death of a man who has lost his own family and who has found his way to a life of homelessness.  If you are homeless, you will understand the pain of losing someone and you will know what it is like to be homeless.  This is an important book.  I wish it was written by someone else.  The author does not talk about politics.  However, he does talk about homelessness in great detail 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I would recommend this book for anyone who is new to BJJ.  It will help you to understand the basics, fundamentals and techniques.  I highly recommend it for anyone with any level of BJJ, beginners or intermediate.  If you are a novice or intermediate please take this book as a reference 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just great.  I love all the stories.  Each one is a little bit different, but it's all so funny and sweet.  This is a great book for parents, teachers, and children.  The book is so full of beautiful pictures and funny stories. It's so nice to read, but the illustrations are a bit much for little kids.  Still, the story are so good, I don't care 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an incredible gift.  I have always wanted to read a biography of a good electronic device, and this book has helped me in that task.  The book has a lot of information about the Apple II and IIGS, and it is not too much to know what Apple was doing in the 1980's.  But it is much more useful than just the history.  It is a great book for the average consumer.  There is a lot in it for the enthusiast as well.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has a lot of interesting insights into the art of the book.  It also presents a great deal of the art that goes into making a good electronic device.  This is a great book to use for those who want to learn how to produce books on a budget.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many good books on international affairs.  I thought it would be a fun book to give to my students for their upcoming college or university studies.  However, I was amazed at how this book truly answered all of their questions and was a great source for information.  This book is filled with many information that is not included in other books on this topic.  It also has some great stories and illustrations that really helped me with my first international assignment in college.  You can't beat this book for it's information and pictures.  Don't be afraid to read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a graduate student studying international relations at the University of Chicago. I am very interested in the development of U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East.  I have found many interesting books on this subject, but this one stood out for its clarity and insight.  The book is a combination of history and analysis.  It discusses the history of the region and the challenges facing the United States.  However, it is clear and easy to understand, and the book contains a good overview of the key points of the debate surrounding the Middle Eastern conflict.  Most importantly, the book presents an argument that is persuasive, concise and clearly explained.  If you are looking for an in-depth, in-the-slightest-way overview on Middle Eastern politics, this book is for you.  There is plenty of information, but it is concise and accessible.  As a general book, I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn more about Middle Eastern affairs.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many good books on the history of science.  But this one stands out.  It gives an accurate history of the sciences from ancient times to present and also has a very interesting discussion about the evolution of science by modern scientists.  A must read for anyone interested in this history.  I am very happy to see it in print 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book! This book is a true delight for those who want to learn how to cook, or just want to know the basic techniques needed to make their own fresh homemade pizza, or any kind of food! I especially like the recipe on page 50 where they make a homemade pizza crust from scratch with just a few simple ingredients, and the recipe is so easy that you can make it on your own, just like they do at Pizza Hut 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have a lot of stories to tell.  I don't always have the time to go back to them for revision, so I try to keep my story collection organized.  This book is a treasure.  It gives you a little background, some ideas on writing and characters, and it has some excellent character profiles.  In addition, it gives you tips on how to create an entertaining book.  All the stories are great, but the best stories are the ones that are told from a third person perspective 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book I've read on the subject of American politics.  I will never be able to put my finger on why, but the ideas presented in this book are so relevant to the United States today that I wish I had read this book before I ran for the Senate.  If you are interested in politics, I would highly recommend this book.  The ideas presented are practical and not abstract.  What makes this book unique and interesting is the fact that the author is a practicing American politician who is trying to persuade the reader that there is a different way to achieve the same goals.  These ideas are not just theoretical.  They are practical.  And they are presented in a way that is understandable and accessible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very helpful book for anyone who would like to learn how to read more easily and quickly.  It covers all the basics from the basic alphabet to the basic vocabulary in an easy to understand manner.  A great resource for people who are new to the world of reading.  If you are struggling with words or you just need help with vocabulary or grammar, this is a great book to have in your collection 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of wonderful pictures and recipes that will not disappoint you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for the beginner, it's not so much about how to play poker as it is about getting started.  It gives a general overview of poker strategy, and also goes into depth about different styles of play.  If you are new to poker, this book is a must.  A good book for anyone interested in the game 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's hard to believe that so few people have read this book.  If you are new to gardening, read this.  The information is practical and useful.  A nice addition to a gardeners bookshelf.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a compilation of interviews with some of the most well known authors of children's books.  The interviews are conducted by the author.  Each interview is a short but useful read.  I would recommend this book as a book to anyone who wants to learn about some of our most beloved children's authors.  For a full list of the authors, check out this website. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a little shocked that this book is so popular.  It is very well written and has the right balance between the drama of war and the more typical, more simple and direct account of the history of a battlefield.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read a few of the many reviews on this book. It was one of the few I read on the topic of The Seven Deadly Sins in my Christian upbringing.  I had not read this book until I received a copy for a family reunion, and it was exactly what I was looking for.  It's an excellent book, very informative, and contains many examples of how to live out our sins in a positive manner.  However, I did not realize that it was the only book that dealt with this topic.  There are others, and the author of this book is great, but this one is my go-to book when I want to know more about The Seven deadly sins 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like historical fiction, this is a great book.  It does a great job of giving a history of the various groups of people in New York and the United States 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been a long time fan of J.K. Rowling. I love her work.  She's my favorite writer.  The idea of doing a Harry Potter fan fiction is quite enticing.  I've been looking for a good Harry Potter book for some time.  This is a very fun read.  Not too serious or dark.  It is very well done and entertaining.  If you want a good story and lots of action then this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read and loved all of the "Mortified" series by Anne McCaffrey, and I was eager to see where Ms. McCaffery takes her characters, and this book does just that.  The characters are as funny as they are intriguing, and the story itself is truly a work of art.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys humor and intrigue, and especially to those who enjoy fantasy literature.  There is a lot of "what ifs" and "could have beens" that have left the reader asking questions, and that is exactly what makes this book so engaging.  In the first part of this book, the main character, Anne, is forced to deal with a young girl's death, and then the plot develops into a larger one that will lead her to a secret world, to an alien race, and ultimately to the fate of humanity.  This is a thrilling tale of adventure and mystery, and it's one that I would read again and again.  It's so well done that I want to see how it ends 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a must for anyone interested in the history of Christianity.  The author's research is impressive.  I think it is one of the best books I've read on the subject.  It gives an idea of the spread of Christianity over the centuries.  There are many wonderful things in the book that I would like to know more about.  This is the best book I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, and I couldn't help but be inspired by the stories. The stories are unique and very memorable, and the author has really done a great job in making them interesting and relatable to children.  The book is also well-illustrated with some pictures of wonderful creatures and interesting places to visit, and it also includes many practical tips for making the most out of your visit.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading children's books, and especially children who are learning to read.  It is very well written, and very easy to read and understand.  All in all a wonderful children's book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very good book. I wish I had written it.  I was a bit lost at first, but the ideas were very clear.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been a life saver for me.  It has allowed me to think in a different way.  This is a wonderful book and I would highly recommend it to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, with a very thorough description of the history of Christianity, and its place in the world.  I especially like the "A History of Christian Origins", and the "The Origins of Christianity" chapter.  These are the "real" Christian origins, and they are written by the most credible Christian scholars.  In other words, these are the sources from which you will receive the traditional Christian beliefs of the church.  They are, however, not "traditional" by the standard of Christianity  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read and loved many of the books I've mentioned in the reviews so far.  In this book, Paul Elam does what he does best and uses his writing to teach us how to be safe and how to protect our family.  It's a simple but excellent book that will not only protect you from abuse but also show you how to make positive changes to your life so that you will not be abused.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first half of the book is a wonderful introduction to medieval history. The second half focuses on medieval and early modern life in the region.  The author's style is elegant and well researched.  He gives us a vivid picture of life in medieval England and Wales in a very short period of time.  If you want to learn a little about life in that time period, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book.  A great insight into the nature of the book. I think the author is one of the best story tellers in the world.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful collection of short stories that will make you feel as if you are there at the funeral with the grieving family and friends of a loved one who passed away.  It's a wonderful story that I hope to share with all who may be grieving.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book, filled with wonderful stories from the lives of children and adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.  This book is not only very informative, but also contains great illustrations that are fun to look at 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of great ideas and examples.  It also offers useful examples and answers to many questions.  If you have a small group and want to teach a course in design thinking, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first book I ever read was this one. It was an instant favorite. It has some great pictures, and it is an easy read. I will be reading all the other books in this series as well. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book!  The information and ideas in it will be very helpful for anyone who wants to learn how to manage their finances!  This book is full of practical tips that will help you achieve financial success in no time.  If you are a student or new investor and would like some tips, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many books on a subject and have yet to read a book that I have found that truly helped me in my quest to find the best book on the subject. This is one of those books that I will always use in my studies and will always recommend to other people who are just beginning to study the subject of money. I was looking for something that I could use as a study guide and that would make sense for me to read at least once a week.  The title was "How Much is Enough" and I immediately thought of the title of my study guide 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book to teach kids about the world. It covers a wide range of cultures, religions and even some aspects of the human soul.  The main theme is to be aware of where we come from and where we go.  I really recommend this book for children who are just getting into the world and need to know a little bit about it.  It is also great for adults to read to young children as a refresher for what they are learning about the religion.  If you are a believer in the LDS faith, then I highly recommend this as a wonderful gift for your child to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most detailed history of early Irish music ever written. I will have to read this book many times before I am finished 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am not an American, but I had the book when I went to Europe. It helped me so much.  I now have a good vocabulary and I love it.  It really helped me when I was an undergraduate.  The pictures are beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read The King and the Queen, I'm sure this book will give you everything you need to know about the history of royalty in England.  The history of the family of King Edward III (or I) has been much covered in the media and in the history books.  But in this book, Richard Plantagenet and Katherine de Plantagenets have taken a new direction, exploring the roots of their family and the role of their families in shaping England's history.  There are some interesting historical facts here.  And the pictures are wonderful.  I would recommend this book for anyone who has an interest in this history and who wants to see what it looks like in the modern day.  You will learn much from it and I hope the King and Queen will return the favor 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been a great help in my decision making and understanding of many important topics.  The material is clear and the answers provide some guidance.  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a quick overview of the subject or anyone wanting to be able to answer a specific question.  It could be useful for students and professionals alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title alone has got me interested in this book.  The book is full of information and ideas that are very helpful to anyone wanting to take their first steps in learning a language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as an undergrad and it was great. It was very practical, easy to read and to relate to the content.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's the only book I ever read and it's still a good read. It's a wonderful book.  It really shows the differences between humans and animals.  The author writes about the similarities and differences between us and other animals. There are a few times in the book that are a little over the top (like the "you can't tell if they're alive or dead") but overall it's a good, interesting book. The book gives some interesting insights into animal behavior.  If you are new to this area of study, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book with beautiful pictures and stories from the Pacific Northwest.  I have read so many books about Oregon that I just wanted to read about Oregon myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have been a student of Jungian Psychology or Psychology in general for a while and are looking for a general overview of Jung's theories, then this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating and informative book that is well written and thought provoking 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book provides a good overview of the concept of the book and how to get started in bookkeeping.  There are also examples of some of the more basic bookkeeping principles that will be useful for beginners 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an awesome book.  I read it in its entirety on the plane and loved it.  The characters were great and the story was a wonderful one.  A very funny book, it will make you smile.  If you haven't read it yet, do so 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a book lover like I am, you will find this book to be an invaluable resource. It is full of pictures and examples of some of the most important tools you need to help you write. If you have never written before, this book will help you get started. If your writing is a little rusty, this guide will help your writing go from bad to good. If it's been a while since you wrote a positive positive review on a good electronic device: I have had this book for over a year and it is still a lifesaver.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am in love with this book.  I wish I could have read it as a child.  The author gives examples of how to use all kinds of plant foods for the healthful diet, and gives recipes to make delicious homemade food with such foods.  These recipes and directions make for easy and enjoyable meals that do not require any cooking skills.  For those who are new to making food with healthy ingredients, this book is an excellent starting point for those new to using vegetables as an alternative to fast food.  My kids loved this book and enjoyed making meals with it!  This book is a great book to use for school and home cooking lessons, and I would encourage all parents of school age children to give this book to their children as they begin to learn the basics of healthy eating 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first in a series of books about the early history of American literature, and I am thrilled with the quality and insight this book offers.  I have read all the previous titles, and the series is really beginning to take off in the minds of the readers.  The authors' interest is in the origins and development of American literary art, and they use the term "genre" in the broadest sense to encompass all types of literary texts.  It is a remarkable achievement to see the influence of such a diverse group of writers from different periods in the past.  Many of the writers are of the older generation (and younger) than I am, and many are quite well known, but the reader will find a wealth of information here.  In fact, the series would be incomplete without a section devoted to the writings of William Blake.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for kids and adults alike!  It's a quick, funny, yet informative introduction to a whole lot of different languages.  I love this book.  It teaches you to understand a lot of vocabulary, vocabulary that may not be very well known yet, but will be required in your future careers as a teacher or as a native speaker of your language.  If you can't read, do yourself a favor and buy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is the book that I most wished I had read before I started college.  This is a wonderful resource for any student who is in need of a quick, simple introduction to the book.  The book is simple and easy to read and understand.  I hope that my students will be able to use this book in their college classes.  If you haven't read this book before, please do!  I would love for your class to be able enjoy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful.  I am so glad I bought it.  It has given me some insight into how to talk about our family history.   I will probably read this book on the 30th anniversary of my marriage 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorites.  A good book on a very interesting subject, very well presented.  I would love to see more books on this subject, in general 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for an introduction to Buddhism, this book is for you. If you like the idea of Buddhism, you will like this book.  If this book isn't for you, don't worry, there are other introductions to Buddhism out there.  It is a wonderful book for both beginner and intermediate students of Buddhism 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoy this book, as it contains a number of wonderful recipes that are quick and easy to make.  This book is not overly complicated and is great for beginners or those that want to make a nice smoothie for the family.  It is a great book for anyone looking to learn how to make some really good healthy smoothies 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an essential guide for new parents and parents of newborns.  This is a great book and I am so glad I read it!   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I read it in the early 80's.  It is a great introduction to the history of music.  There are a lot of great information in it.  But, as a teacher, I would recommend that you read it again after you have made some music history related discoveries.  As I said, this book is great for beginners.  For the more advanced student, I have an excellent book, The History of Music, which I have been using to supplement my course.  The information is much better in the former, but, for the teacher, the latter provides much more comprehensive, deeper and richer information. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone who is trying to decide what they want to do or who are just starting out with their new book.  I read it with great interest and I learned so much more about the business of running a small book store.  The author makes the decision very understandable and easy to follow.  It is a very good book to give to a child, as it is a wonderful book to read with your children.  My son has started a bookshop and I am very proud of him and how well he has done.  He is learning a lot and the book really helps him to see what it is that he wants to do with his business 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very funny book with some great recipes and some really useful hints.  It is definitely worth picking up and reading as you're starting out on your own cooking.  Don't forget to buy the DVD, it's a great introduction to the subject and some of the recipes are very creative and very tasty 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for beginners and experienced students alike.  This book contains the vocabulary of the English language, with an understanding of the grammatical structure of the language.  It's very helpful for those who want to learn the English grammar in detail and in an understandable way.  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn grammar. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of practical and useful information. It gives examples of different ways to get an item out of a trashcan, or to clean a house, or even to sell a book at a flea market. I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have read on the life of Jesus.  It is a book of faith, love, and hope 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a lot of history books, but this one stands out for its simplicity.  I also thought it was an interesting concept for a book to be dedicated to an American Revolutionary War hero, and not just the history of the conflict itself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title alone is a positive reference to this book.  It is one that could be used in a variety of settings, from high school to college, and it provides some basic information on the fundamentals of a very useful tool.  In this, the book does a great job of covering a very basic concept with a very practical approach.  The book does not offer much in the way of theory or examples to explain the concept, however, there are plenty of examples to demonstrate the concepts.  There are several chapters on topics such as starting a book, writing a positive book review about another good book, etc.  A great book for anyone wanting to learn the basics and start a successful book business 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. It is the best way to learn about the Bible from a layman's perspective.  There is a wealth of information here, including a few helpful quotes.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who has questions about the bible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The authors do a fine job of providing an overview of this highly complex and controversial topic, as well as an in depth look at some of the most controversial and controversial events. The book is a wonderful read, as are the discussions, the information, and the discussions of the historical aspects of the events.  The book also contains a great deal of useful information regarding what the real and potential consequences of the actions of this and that group of individuals might have been.  I strongly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very quick, readable overview of the book and its concepts.  Great idea!  A bit long, but worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent introduction to the philosophy of science. The book is accessible, clear and concise.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a basic overview of the philosophy.  It provides a useful framework for thinking about some of the major debates of the twentieth century.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been my favourite for years and is an excellent resource for the history of Irish music.  The book covers a wide variety of topics such as songs and dances, and the history behind them.  This is definitely a book to be considered for any beginner who wants to learn more about this beautiful music.The book has great pictures and information.  It is great to learn all the details behind the various dances 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It has many examples that can be applied to your own life.  I wish more people would write a negative review about this book, but it's a wonderful book and I'm sure it will help you.  The book is written in a way that you can pick it up and read without having to reread anything or make any assumptions.  For example, I find that a lot of the examples I see in the book may not be useful for me, but the examples are there if you want to read them.  Don't worry about all the assumptions in the example or the whole "if you do  " that you might have, that's not a bad thing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love reading this book! The stories are funny and have great insight. It is a joy to read about how to get a good job.  It is easy to see what you need to do and how to do it.  If you do not like reading for pleasure, try this book as a gift!  It will make you feel like a million bucks 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with much of what the author says.  The book was very interesting and very insightful.  There was not much of a plot, but I enjoyed the story and the characters.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book, it's a great read for anyone who has just started to do any research for a job or are just looking for some guidance. It's a really great resource for those who are starting out on their own search and also for those with some experience, but are unsure what to do.  The book provides lots of great tips on how to research the job, including many of the tips I got from my job search.  I would recommend it highly to anyone looking for a new job or new direction 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great read for both adults and children. The story of Noah's Ark has a happy ending!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has made a big impression on me and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is new to the concept of personal development. It is a must read for anyone that is looking to be more effective in the workplace and life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had been a huge fan of both "The Art of War" and "The Pragmatic Century" prior to reading "A History of the World In Your Mind", and I thought I had a pretty good grasp on both books.  The "A" book was a bit more dense in terms of facts and information, and the "P" book, which I am currently re-reading, is a much more in-depth look at all the information, details, and trends that I wish I had known before starting this project.  I will certainly be picking up "A+" for the first time in October to re-read this book and get more information on the World Wars.  Overall I think it is a very good book.  There are some points I would like to see expanded upon, but I would not say it is the best book ever written.  But for the price, I can't say I am disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone looking to improve their English skills. The author has put together some great tips for using the English language to its fullest and the lessons will be a good resource for all your English language learning needs.  A great book, check it out 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read the book for an exam in my graduate college literature course. I wanted to read more about the people and events in World War II.  The book was an excellent guide to understanding the historical events that took place during the war, and it also gave me some history to look back on and analyze the choices made by the leaders of the world in the early part of the 20th century.  It was great to read the history of the German and Japanese leaders, the American forces, and the Russian forces.  There were some details that I found myself remembering as I looked back at the current events of the war.  I would have liked to have read this book again, and I am sure it will be a book that I would read for many years to come 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fantastic book, this is the best book I have ever read. It is funny, very enlightening and has great illustrations to go along with the story. I would recommend it highly to anyone who likes to learn about this great religion. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing.  The writing is very descriptive, the stories are entertaining and the book has an overall theme that the reader can relate to.  If you have read any of the other books in the series, you will feel right at home 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A beautiful, funny, and insightful look at the life of an American who moved to London, and who is now a successful writer and filmmaker. This is one of the most important books I've read, and it's filled with many insightful insights about the English language. It's a wonderful book and is filled with fascinating insights into the culture of a different country. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for anyone who is interested in the world's religions. I would give this book to my children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful and inspirational for my life and career.  I highly recommend this book to everyone who wants to become a great leader 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very funny book, with lots of jokes and a few heartwarming moments.  It will keep you laughing and touching your heart 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will take you right through all the rules for using an electronic device, and some of the considerations to consider when making a purchase. It is not overly technical, and it covers the essentials. It would be helpful to have some examples from other electronics to follow as you go through the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful and inspiring.  It is a wonderful and practical guide to creating a successful book, to selling your book online, and for creating other books.  The book covers all the essentials for book promotion and marketing, including the proper way to write a positive positive review on a good electronic device: the bookmarks!  The cover has been very well done and the layout is a little confusing, but the book is a joy to look at and read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very surprised when I read the reviews that this book was a bestseller. I'm sure the author had great intentions with the book. However, it was actually very interesting. The book is very helpful and I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title of this book is a little misleading, since there is much more to this book than what meets the eye.  I was very excited when I found it, and now I have read it all, and am even more excited that I have found so much more in it than I had anticipated.  It's not just a chronicle of a particular life, it's a personal diary 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book that my husband and I have been waiting for for over 20 years.  This was the first book we bought for our son.  He read this with me and we both felt so proud and happy when we found it.  The book contains many pictures and recipes that will make our families very happy.  It also contains a short summary about the book and it also has pictures of the beautiful house we bought and built.  We look forward to reading this book for many years to come.  Thank you for writing this book and thank you for your children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a very happy woman who read this book and I was so glad that I did.  The book covers the subject of marriage in a very positive way.  I really enjoyed the writing.  It is very simple and understandable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is an excellent read, very easy to follow, and gives some very useful information.  The author did a lot of research, which is very much appreciated 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book. I think that what makes this book so great is the depth of the research that it offers.  This book is very detailed, and gives a lot of information that is very helpful to people who want to learn more about this wonderful book.  I recommend this book for people who are starting out with their first book. It will also be useful to anyone who is wanting to improve their understanding of this amazing book.This book can be easily read as a quick reference to help those who are new to the book and want to get a sense of where the book is heading.  However, it also can be taken as a longer read, and can provide some additional insight into the book's overall content 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very easy to read and the content is very interesting.  I like it that much, I am so happy that I found a book with some good tips to learn some new things 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I had an awful childhood and I feel like I now know the kind of life I was born into.  I learned a lot from this book.  It gave me the knowledge I needed to help me through the process of figuring out who I was and what I was doing.  And it gave me something to do with my free time, which I sorely needed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have a special fondness for this book.  It is not a typical biography, it is a history of an era.  I found myself nodding through the pages while reading it.  A fascinating journey through the world of the early 1900's.  Many wonderful pictures and details that I could not have found elsewhere.  This book is an excellent read.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone who likes to learn about how to teach others how to do so. It will give you some ideas to go out and do some of the tasks that can be done from your own home 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm always interested in learning about my ancestors and their lifestyle and customs.  I love historical fiction as well.  So this is a great book.  It's a fun, short story that makes me feel like I'm actually learning something.  Great information and pictures too!  Great book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many books on the history of the United States and I've always found them confusing.  In this book, you'll learn the real history behind the myth.  I find it fascinating and interesting that our Constitution was drafted by a group of people who believed in freedom and equality.  The Founders were not only revolutionary but also very egalitarian.  Their principles of democracy, equality and free speech were very different from those that were accepted by the British.  You'll learn a lot more about the founders and their ideas and ideals than you would in any book written by a history professor 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  I read it in a French class in college and immediately made it my primary reading.  A great introduction to French history, the culture and languages of France.  The story of France is a complex one and will be a favorite of many students.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book that tells the reader what to do if he or she ever has to make a decision about a bad book: DON'T MAKE A BAD BOOK 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic. It is the best book I have ever read. I found myself quoting the book from memory during my classes. I thought the book was amazing, and I am sure you will agree 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been wanting to write a book about the first book by John Kennedy.  I knew that John had written many books, but I had never read them.  Kennedy wrote a short story, "The Old Man in the Mountain", in 1953.  It was first published in 1954 and then a few years later he began "The Man Who Saved a Little Girl".  I love this book because it is very short and very touching.  The story is told in the first person, and the book ends with a chapter entitled "The End".  The end is very bittersweet, but it is also very brave and brave in that it is the end of a very dark and dangerous story.  But the end also brings to a conclusion that is quite sad.  This book is a real must-read for all those who want to read the John Kennedy story....
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful collection of ideas that will keep you in the game of life.  The authors have done a wonderful job of explaining the concepts of life insurance in a clear and concise manner.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone looking to invest or take a risk.  It is a must-read for anyone wanting to learn the basics of life and the meaning of life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was such a gift!  I had to get it.  I was very nervous that it was going to be just a little dry, but it was great.  It was the only book I read before I started my junior year of high school 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book. I really liked the way the stories flowed and the way they were presented.  The characters were very interesting.  I would suggest this as an appropriate book for a high school English class or as a first book for an elementary class 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book that brings to life some of the life stories of the Irish people.  I was in college at the time of the first Irish Rebellion in 1798 and this book is a great help in remembering what it was like and where the rebellion started.  The pictures and stories are great.  This book is not just for Irish history enthusiasts but for everyone who is interested in Irish heritage 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best book I've read about what it means to be a man. I had trouble putting the book down, and it has a very positive message about the differences between men and women 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the great book of the Bible and it is very helpful in the preparation of the Christian life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great reference for anyone who has just found their way into electronic device design.  This is the first book that I have found that has an entire chapter on interfacing a printer with the operating system.  The book is organized in a way that provides the basic concepts needed to understand interfacing with the OS in a straightforward manner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the most brilliant works on the subject of mental illness ever written.  It was an insight into the life of an individual who had the diagnosis of schizophrenia.  For the most part it was a positive, informative, and interesting book.  The book is written in a style that is easy to understand and understandable.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who is seeking an understanding of the symptoms of schizophrenia and other mental illness.  If you feel like you have a mental illness, but are not sure what to do or what you want to do about it, then this book will help you understand.  In the book you will find out that you are not alone, that there are many people with the same problems as you and that there is a cure for schizophrenia and for many other mental illnesses 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read on the subject of eating for weight loss.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book because I want to learn about a little known topic: The origins of the American South.  This is an important subject that is being explored by many historians.  If you want to understand the origins of a region, then this book is for you.  It is an accessible, concise and engaging look at a long, dark and fascinating period of history.  There are some interesting and informative observations and references, but the main focus is on the role that religion played in shaping the American experience.  I especially like that this book doesn't spend much time on the actual history of the South. The focus is more on the people and their history.I recommend this book for anyone interested in American history and the South, but especially if you want an easy read on this important topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, with a lot of information to help the student in his/her transition from high school to college.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea for this book came from a conversation with a woman who was living in a tiny house.  She wanted a book that was as good as her old one.  This book is a great addition to her collection of stories and is great to have in your library.  I especially like the fact that it is all written by a woman.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a quick guide for those who wish to learn a little more about what they are about to buy.  If you are new to the hobby you will not find any new information here.  This book is very well done and easy to read.  The pictures are beautiful and easy on the eye 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is an excellent introduction to the history of the American colonies and the United States.  The author, an interesting mix of history and political science, goes into great detail about the formation of the United State and the history and development of the colonies.  He also goes into detail about what the colonies were like in the 1700's.  For instance, the author explains the differences in the way the colonies treated the Indians.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A truly enjoyable read, this is a wonderful story that really pulls the reader in.  The characters are real and feel real, and the plot is fantastic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very entertaining read and the stories were great!  The writing was very entertaining as well and I loved the use of words like "love" and "hope".  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the perfect companion to the film of the same name.  The book focuses on the characters of Michael Corleone and his brother, John, and the challenges they faced during the film's production.  It also provides a historical perspective on the film, as well as a brief history of the production and a history of film.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has ever wanted to know more about The Godfather! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful introduction to the world of the book.  I found myself completely entranced by this book.I found myself learning something new and interesting everyday as I read it.  This is a great book for anyone who wants to learn about the book world.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so excited to have this book in my bookshelf! I have struggled with the concept of learning how to be a good cook for myself.  I am very new to cooking, and I am so proud to have discovered how to cook.  The author makes it easy and exciting to cook and is an excellent book.  What a wonderful book!  I wish I could make every single recipe!  If you are new to the idea of learning to cook, or even if you are already a cook, this book will inspire you to start a new culinary journey.  You will learn a lot of new tips and tricks!  It is a great book for a new cook! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read this book yet, then I'm sure you'll like it.  This book will be useful for your study of the American Revolution.  The book contains an extensive history of the French Revolution and its causes.  It also provides a brief history of our nation's founding.  I would encourage you to read the book first, then take a look at the links below.  You'll get a quick feel for what the American revolution was all about.  If there are any questions regarding the causes of the revolution, I would recommend reading the book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title of this book says it all. It is a wonderful book. It tells the story of the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith, who is widely regarded by both Mormons and non-Mormons alike as the founder of the Mormon Church. It also chronicles the history of the Church from its inception in the late 1800's through the present.  The book is a must for any Mormon, especially those interested in the history and beliefs of the Latter Day Saints, or any believer.  It is also a great resource for Mormons who are new to the church.  This book contains some great information, and it is certainly an excellent reference for those who wish to learn more about the Church of Jesus Christ.  For a new reader this is a great book to read.  If you are an adult who has just discovered the church, you should definitely read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the few I have read that I actually enjoyed.  I have been struggling to find a good novel to read, and the title is exactly what I wanted 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best booklets I have read so far.  It really opened my eyes and helped me to understand some of the most complicated questions surrounding religion and faith.  I recommend this book to everyone who is trying to make a decision about their religion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have never read a book, or even considered it, I am sure this one will do wonders for you.  I do agree with a previous review in that it does a great job of bringing the reader into the experience of a very complex and interesting story.  The book is the result of a collaboration between author Robert B. Anderson and artist/journalist John Zorn, who created the illustrations.  Zorn was a great help in providing the text for the book, which Anderson himself has done, and I am pleased that both have agreed to a long-term collaboration.  What I find most interesting about the book is that it explores some of the themes of his previous work, such as his interest in art and his role in the creation of his work.  Anderson, like Zorn has a fascination with what he calls "the strange".  These themes are the basis for many of the drawings, which are beautifully done, as are many of Anderson's illustrations. I think his interest with the "Strange" is the main reason the book works.  It is truly wonderful to see the drawings from his earlier work and see some of his later work.It is very difficult to write a positive book review about one that you have not read.  One thing I would say is that this is a good introduction to Anderson's work. It would be a shame to miss out on this.  If only more authors would think about what it is they want to write.  This one is a wonderful read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I really hope you'll like it too! I feel it is a very good book that I would recommend to anyone.  I really enjoyed the stories and it was a joy to read.  It is a must read for those who want to know a little more about the lives of the early Irish people.  If you have never read a book like this before I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very well organized and the pictures are very beautiful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It is a wonderful story and really captures the life of a child with autism. The story is told in the words of the child himself. It was a beautiful book and I will read it again and again. The book really touches the heart. I wish I could have written this book myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very interesting book.  There are many things to learn from the teachings and examples in this book. In many ways, it's similar to "The Road", "Living with the Dalai Lama" and "The Seven Benefits of Meditation".  If you are looking for some easy to read and easy to understand advice to take the first steps towards enlightenment, this is the book for you.  It's not a hard book, it is very practical and easy on the eyes 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful resource for anyone who is interested in learning more about the history of the United States. The book is organized in an easy-to-read manner and provides information on the major events that have affected our nation. It also provides some basic facts regarding American history that are difficult to learn in one's own country.  I recommend this book highly to anyone who cares about America.  The book was a wonderful book to begin learning about the origins and early history of America. The authors are great and informative! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  I read the book, and it was so helpful in learning some information on the history of America.  The book has been a great help for my classes.  We used this book as a textbook in one of our history courses.  It really helped to help our students understand what America is and why it is important for them to have an understanding of the history.  Overall, I would highly recommend this book.  As a student, I can see this book being used by many others in class and to improve their own understanding on the United States history.
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book and it has opened my eyes to some new ways of understanding the human mind.  I have read it twice and I have found it to be both enlightening and inspirational.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very nice book with lots of information.  I especially like the "how-to" section.  If you are thinking about joining the army, this book will help you get started.  The book also has a list of army etiquette and regulations to help you navigate the army.  Also, I love the section on the history of the army in the United States.  It's a great book to take to your high school, college or university class.  For example, the book provides a list that will help explain the origin of the word "army" and the first battle of New York.  This book is great for a military history class as well as for a high school or college history class 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have not read all the books in this series, but I have read most of them, and I would agree with the opinions expressed in the title.  The stories are compelling and entertaining.  I highly recommend this series to those who enjoy science fiction, fantasy or history.  It is certainly worth the price of admission 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book.  It was really insightful.  I think the author could have written a better book but she did a great job and I think this book could help you as a beginner with understanding and understanding of some of the most common questions and some of your goals. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is packed with lots of history, stories and observations. I enjoyed it, and I hope everyone enjoys it. I found the story of a very cool book to be a great read. The book also has the pictures that you could find anywhere to add a visual element to the stories. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. It will keep you thinking about a very interesting book for the time being. It is written in an easy to understand manner, so anyone can understand and enjoy it.  The characters are very relatable, and it is very funny, and is also well done.  I really enjoyed this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea of a book that covers the history of the Bible comes to mind immediately. I am very grateful that this was written by Mr. Roberts. He has covered the main areas and has added much more in other areas. I would have loved to have seen this book before I had to begin Bible studies. I had already been studying for several months and was ready to go to school. I can't thank Mr.Roberts enough for this book and the time he has spent with me 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very informative and inspirational. I used to work for a major electronic device manufacturer and the book was an inspiration for me.  This book is the best book I have read to help me understand how to be successful with my business.  I also read the book after my wife's funeral and it was very helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic, well researched and filled with wonderful insights into a difficult, yet all too common, problem.  The author was so positive about this book, I felt compelled to do some self research into my own personal problems.  I have struggled with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) for over 30 years, and this book gave me a wealth of insight.  It is not a diagnosis, but a description of the problem. In addition to the text itself, the book also provided helpful links to a number of articles and information sites.  For example, the link to OCD.org had a link to a book by a man who wrote about his own recovery from OCD.  He wrote that he had gone through the entire text of the book before he began to see results.  If you are struggling with a difficult problem, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read, and it is a good way to introduce yourself to some of the great people of the past and present.  It is a very different story from many of the other biographies out there.  For example, most biographies try to cover everything  in the first two or three years of a person's life.  This is more focused and much more practical 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an incredible resource for anyone who wants to learn more about what you eat and how it relates to health.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first edition of this book was just over a year ago and it is now one of the most important books I have ever read.  This book is for anyone who loves the world of art, and has the ability to be influenced by the world.  If you are not a lover of art then you need this book, if you are a lover then you will be inspired to make art.  For me, this book is like a bible.  I have been a fan of art since I was a child and have always been influenced by art, but I never knew the depth of the subject, or the art form, or how it affects us.  The book is full of many wonderful images that are inspiring, inspirational, and will move you, if only slightly.  It will give you the knowledge to be able to create art from your own mind, but it will also help you in your creative journey.  With that said, if I could give a negative review about this book I would say it is a bit boring, but with so many images, it will make you want to keep reading.  However, if your are looking for a deeper understanding of the art, this is the book for you.  Keep on reading, the pictures are wonderful!  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys art and is interested in discovering how to be inspired.  Also, this was my first book and I have found this book as an invaluable tool to help me learn about the art 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are new to this subject you are in for a treat. This is the best book I have read on this topic.  The book is concise and understandable.  A great read for anyone wanting to understand the concept of an  infant sexuality.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read the book in college and have it on my desk at home as a reference for my classes.  It's not a long read, but it covers all the basics of electronic device technology and is definitely a must-have for anyone who works or lives in a computer science-oriented industry.  I think it's an excellent reference book, especially if you are just starting out with a new computer system or are looking to improve an existing one.  A must-read if you want to stay up to date on technology and stay on top of the industry 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful read. It has been a huge help to my husband and I as we have discussed our relationship. The book has given us the ability to talk about this experience in a safe and supportive environment.  The book is organized so that it is easy to find the information we need in a few chapters.  It also includes a list of helpful tools to help us move forward from this experience 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful, enlightening, funny, insightful and witty story that has the reader guessing on what happened to the other two brothers, or at least who.  What a great story!  I would definetely recommend this book to anyone who is curious about where they come from or who they might be 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am so grateful that I stumbled upon this wonderful book.  I was very skeptical that I could find a way to read it.   But I was not disappointed.  It is a wonderful look at all of the wonderful art and craft that is the history of music.  You will be surprised at how many people have been involved in the development of music from the beginning of recorded music to the present.  This book is full of information and references.  The first part, "The Evolution of Music" goes through the evolution of music as a form of art.  After this, you will be able to delve into the development and evolution of the orchestra.  So, get a copy for yourself and have fun! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a treasure trove of great information and ideas for creating and developing a book that is both informative and entertaining for beginners and experienced book owners alike.  The book is presented as a series of steps that will guide you through the process of designing and marketing your first book, creating the book layout, and finalizing the book design with your artist, publisher, and publisher's associate.  It will be a great tool for your next book promotion and marketing campaign, and I will be sure to post a positive book review about it here at the Prouder Book Review 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to read for anyone who loves this wonderful country. It will help you to understand where you are in the world today.  It also has an insight into the history of this country and its citizens.  The book is written in a very easy to understand manner.  For example, the book discusses a lot of different facts and figures that you may not be aware of.  I think this book would be a great addition to anyone's book collection 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for all dog owners!  We have had many of the book suggestions for our dogs.  The first was written by our lovely dogs and it has helped us tremendously 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have to admit I am a bit biased.   But this book is a treasure trove of information and it's well worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for anyone who has not read any other book by Robert B. Parker.  This is a beautiful, full, and informative book.  It is not only an excellent book, but also an informative one.  The information given is very concise and makes it very easy to understand.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book, and it's an excellent introduction to both of these topics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was thrilled when I heard that this was an original collection of stories by Judy Blume. I was in college and it was hard to find books by her that I could read. This was one of the few books I would take to college.  I loved it!  The stories are wonderfully written and illustrated by Judy.  Her characters are charming, funny, and just the right size.  It's a true joy to see Judy and her characters come alive as they move through their lives.  This collection is filled with wonderful stories and I would like to see a sequel.  My favorite was "The Cuddler", because it deals with her life with her parents.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very informative book with great recipes. The recipes are easy to follow and are perfect for all ages. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an absolute classic of "the story" in a beautiful, concise and entertaining manner. I have read this book at least four times and I am constantly reminded of it and how it is so beautifully told 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It gives a very detailed account of the history of the American Indians.  There are many interesting tidbits and facts that may interest anyone who is interested in American Indian history.  I particularly like the fact that the Book of Mormon was found in a cave in Mexico.  This is just great!  The book is a great help to all those who want to learn more about American Indians and to anyone who wants to understand why the Indians of the Americas chose to become the way they were.  The information given in this book will keep you busy for many hours and it will be a great resource for your family as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very well written, and the pictures were wonderful.  It also included some interesting information on how to make a living as a professional dancer.  The tips are very helpful and easy to understand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book.  It is a wonderful book for people who are just starting out.  I am a new graduate, and this book helped me learn more about the church and the church culture in general 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I had never read anything by Joyce before, but I found this book very helpful.  I would like to see more of Joyce's work, but in this book, it was just wonderful.  This was not just a personal opinion, but it was very well researched.  It was very inspiring to me to learn about Joyce's life, and I want to see his work more and more 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read every book in this series and have to say that I like this one the best.  I really enjoyed the characters and the dialogue, and it made me think and wonder at different ideas and perspectives.  The book is short and sweet, but the characters have a lot to say and it will help you think through some difficult and difficult situations 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love reading the stories of the children who were left behind when their parents died.  I think that they are the reason they are alive.  They are the strongest, most resilient, and most beautiful people I have ever seen.  We all wish that there were children who could be like them, but the ones who were given up to us were never given the chance.  If you want to find out who your children are, look no further.  Look at them.  There is no doubt in my mind that they would be so much more alive if they were not left behind.  What a beautiful book!  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful way to learn how to do magic.  It is a quick look into what is possible.  The author is not only an experienced magician, but also a performer in many different magical acts.  His presentation is very simple and not too daunting for an average person.  For someone with little to no knowledge of magic, this book can really help.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is new to magic and who is interested in learning how to perform magick.  If you are a performer who is looking to enhance your magic, then I would definitely recommend this to you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a true joy for me.  It has been so helpful for me and so much fun.  I found it very helpful when I had to teach a beginner's class on what to do with money.  The book really helped me set out some basic ideas and strategies 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a must-read for anyone who is looking to learn more about this ancient religion. It has great stories, historical accounts and ideas that can be helpful for those of us who are struggling to find the truth. The book is well organized and includes helpful exercises to help you explore the topic. I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really awesome!  The book is full of useful information that will help you as a beginner in making money online.  The pictures are a great addition to the book, and it gives you ideas on how to market your website.  It is a great book for the first time entrepreneur, as it gives great insight on what you need to do to succeed.  However, this book is not a step-by-step guide to selling online. You should go through a website-building guide before starting to sell your own website, as there are many different options available to you to choose from.  Don't be afraid to try something out, just don't go with the most popular options, they won't work for you.  This is a book that will provide you with great insight, and is very well written, and if you're new to selling, or just want to learn a little more about what you can do with your website to make money online, I highly recommend this book.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of wonderful examples of good examples, of how to use a variety of software packages and web sites to analyze and visualize data, and the basic strategies to get data into Excel and to make it more useful.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It was great fun to read.  We had a great time in it.  If you are a child and you are looking for a book that will give you the answers to all your questions and challenges, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many books on the topic of marriage, and I've always loved the idea of having a guide for those who are looking for the answers to some of the most difficult questions, like where to get married or where to live.  This book was a wonderful gift to me.  It answered many questions, and it answered them so much better than I thought they would.  I was completely satisfied with the answers I got, and the book is well worth its price 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It's an entertaining read that provides some new perspective on the current state of the country.  I really enjoyed the first few chapters.  The more you learn about the issues, the more you will be able to come to your own conclusion.  In the end, I believe it is the most honest book I've read.  A good book, but it does take time to get to the meat and potatoes of the arguments.  Not a book for the faint of heart 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the book of Revelation and an excellent book to teach children. It covers the history of the Book of Revelation, the book itself, the different parts of the book and the stories within the book. The stories are wonderfully illustrated and well told. The book is great for children, but also has many interesting ideas for adults that can be applied to our lives 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best book I read last year.  It was such a great story that I thought I could do something similar.  I knew that there was a great book, but I had no idea it was so rich in details.  The book takes the reader through some very personal, dark moments that you can't see the big picture until you finish it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book in the 1970's. It was a big hit and I'm still trying to find the original text in a book with so many stories to tell.  I loved the style of writing and the stories.  One thing I do not understand is why there are so many "sudden deaths".  One story, for example, is "The Strange Death of a Woman".  I've never seen that story before.  Why don't they just put all the deaths on a list.  It's a shame that the book is so few in number.  This is an amazing book.  A must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me in my spiritual journey.  The concept of rebirth is very important to me.  This concept of reincarnation is a major reason why I'm an atheist.  I have now gone through all the steps of life and I have realized that I am a child of God.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is excellent, and not just for the obvious reason. It's the story of a family of witches, and I love it.  The magic is done so well, that it could very well have been written by an actual witch! The plot is well thought out and has all the ingredients to make a great book.  But, for my money, the best part is the characters.  They're so relatable and believable.  I'm a little afraid they might be a little too friendly with each other, but, overall, the plot is great.  It's a little dark at times, but it's not really dark at all!  I've read a few good books before, and the one that I enjoyed the most was "Auntie Mabel" by John Steinbeck.  A good book, but this one was better.  If you like witch books, I recommend you get this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had read this book for years. It was the first one I read and I got to know it very well. It had been mentioned to me many times and I had wanted to do some reading about it. It is a beautiful book. The photographs are beautiful. The stories are so touching and interesting. There are many wonderful pictures and stories and I wish I had time to do more reading and writing on this book.  I would suggest this book to all children's and adult readers. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very helpful book for all dog lovers, both pet and dog lovers. It teaches all the basic dog behavior and manners to be more of a positive companion to a dog.  It also has a lot of wonderful pictures to illustrate the basics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read.  The author is brilliant.  He has provided a wealth of information and information on a very important topic.  It is a must read for all concerned with protecting children from sex abuse.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I wanted to read when I had read The History of the Church by Elder B. H. Roberts.  I really enjoyed Elder Roberts' book and it really helped me understand why the Church is so important to so many people today.  As you will read, it is true.  However, there are many other books that will answer some of the questions I had regarding this one.  It is important to know that Church history is very much a part of what we do as a church today. I have always loved the stories of the past and how they affected me.  If I could find out why God gave the Church to the members in the first place, I would be more than happy.  The answers to some questions will come from the writings of our prophets.  This book will be an excellent resource to use in finding those answers.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book for anyone who loves and understands the life of the American Indians. It has a great blend of history and personal accounts of the lives of the Native Americans of North America.  The author gives the reader a real feel for the culture, customs, traditions and the lifestyle of the Indians. He presents the history, geography and culture of the Indian, in order to understand the modern Indians. This book will help you get a better understanding of Indian culture, in which you will find that the Indians are a wonderful blend of culture and humanity.  This book is an excellent book for those who want to learn more about the American Indian, the Indians in America, and the culture of America. It also will help the reader understand the American culture better. It is not just a history book; it is an adventure in the American tribe of North Americans, in the history of the country and in the culture.  I strongly recommend this book for the reader who wishes to learn the history and culture, the culture and the life, the life and the customs, the customs and the traditions, and what is the lifestyle, the lifestyle and the lifestyles, of the people who live on the land today in America. This is a wonderful book for any person who wishes for knowledge and understanding on the lives and cultures of the native people. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had a hard time deciding whether or not to read this book.  I was very excited to read it.  It has a lot of great information about different types of food.  Not only did I learn a lot about different foods but also the history of each food.It was very helpful in trying to plan my meals.  You can really see how much thought goes into what you are eating.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book on photography I have ever read.   I will never forget the pictures in this book.  I have seen a lot of photos in my life and I have a very strong photographic memory.  This book was very educational.  It taught me the ins and outs of the process.  The pictures were inspiring.  In many ways, this book reminded me of photography classes I took in school.  But the book did not make me want to become a photographer.  After all, photography was not something I was truly interested in at that time.  However, this was the best of the books I read and it gave me a lot more insight on photography. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book! The stories are really funny and the book is really well-written. I would recommend this book to anyone that is new to art or looking for a good read. The illustrations are beautiful and I really like the stories and the illustrations. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been in many classes, and this is by far the best book I've read. It's not as easy as some people think. I wish I had read it before I started my Ph.D. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  The information given in this book is not only practical, but also inspiring!  It is a must read for anyone looking to become a better person, and to not only get a positive book recommendation from a good friend, but a better cook!  If you are a food lover or a gardener and you have any interest in learning to garden in a healthy way, this book will help you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are new to the book, or a beginner in Japanese, this book will not only give you a lot of information, but will also help you understand the nuances of Japanese culture and language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book, well written and illustrated.  I would recommend this book for anyone that is a parent looking for ideas to help keep their child's development positive.  If you are an adult that is looking for ways to improve your children's development then this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was great.  The book was an enjoyable read.  There was no doubt that there are so many great book ideas out there, but I found this one especially helpful.  It gave me ideas for a number of my own books and also helped me to realize that I have been looking at my own ideas in a wrong way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. I have read it before, but this book is much better than previous versions. It is full of beautiful illustrations and great information.  I love the fact that the book is geared towards the younger reader.  The book is short, yet still very informative.  It is a great book to share with kids 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A beautiful book! The author's experience with the Jewish community was as vivid as it is possible to imagine. His descriptions of the Orthodox Jewish community are as compelling as his love for them. In fact, he is the only person who has actually written about Orthodox Judaism that I have ever heard. I cannot imagine any other author doing this 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The authors do a wonderful job of giving a history of the origins of the American Indian.  The book is also very well written and I learned a lot about Indian culture 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read. It is very easy to follow and it is well-organized.  I have a lot of friends that are struggling with anorexia. This book is very helpful and very inspiring 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read the book when I was a student.  The stories were a great help in figuring out what I wanted to do in college.  Now that I am an adult, I have read the books several times to help with career development.  I have found them to be an excellent guide to the basic skills needed to pursue a career in any field 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a little hard to find something on the positive side about a bad book, but I think this one is a little better than some others out there. It has a good, funny feel to it.  The book is about the life of the Beatles, but the stories are told in a way that really helps you understand and remember the Beatles.  It makes you feel like you're in the same room as them as you would if you were the Beatles!  I like the illustrations as well.  I think they are very well done and are the best they've ever been.  Don't think it's the best book by them, though.  But it's not bad, and I think it would be a good one to have for your personal reading. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read.  It has so much information about dogs and cat care.  I am so grateful to have been taught this by my friend 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for those who want to know more about the life of the Apostle Paul.  This book will be an excellent reference for anyone interested in Paul and his ministry 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a book to inspire you to take your gardening seriously, this is a must have.  It will teach you what to do and how to do it.  I know I will be taking up this challenge and using it as much as I can.  This is a great book, I have only one negative review to make, however.  The book covers very basic garden ideas, but not enough.  If I was a beginner I would have needed much more.  There are some really great ideas that I would like to expand on.  These ideas could be used to expand your garden and garden books, but it would have taken me far longer to get here than it would to just buy the book.  Maybe that is a good thing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a joy to read, and one that I will treasure for years to come 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a joy to read. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn a little more about this wonderful world we call Africa.  It is very interesting to read how Africans are able to live with such a high level of poverty and still keep their cultures intact.  I would also recommend this book for anyone who is thinking of migrating to Africa or even who is planning a trip to Africa 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for anyone interested in learning about the history of the United States. The author has a wealth of knowledge and research on this topic. His book is the first in a series, and is based on research by the Smithsonian Institution.  I am a retired Navy officer and a history buff, and I have enjoyed this book.  If you have not had the pleasure of reading this book, please consider purchasing a copy from your local bookstore 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It is funny and insightful. It has a great story line and lots of pictures.  It would be great to have this book at my library! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was absolutely amazing! I got a lot of the info I needed for my own book and some new ideas that I had to try. I hope you have a great holiday season and enjoy it with your family. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just finished reading this book. I have been reading for years and I was so impressed with the depth and insight of this book that I have decided to try my hand at writing a positive book review.  I really enjoyed this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like the works of the early American poet, J.R.R., you'll like this. If you are new to American poetry, this book will get you started!  It covers many of the basic topics, from the nature of poetry to the relationship of the poem to the reader.  The author explains all of this in a clear, easy to understand manner.  It's also a great book to read when you have a spare moment, or for a friend who wants to learn more about the art of poetry 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful way to learn about and get to know a more modern version of the Holy Land.  It gives an amazing insight into the culture and history of the Jews.  The chapters give a very personal insight into what it was like to be a Jew in medieval times.  This is very important because most of the people that make up the religious communities today are descended from people who lived in the Middle Ages.  For example, the Jews who live in North America today are descendants of the European Jews who lived there hundreds of years ago.  So it is very easy for us to be ignorant about the past.  Hopefully, this book will help people who are unaware of the history of their faith to understand their history a little more and to gain a better understanding of their religious community 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for all dog lovers, as I am. It provides a great overview on the whole process, and a great source of information for owners of dogs who are unsure about their canine companion. The book is a compilation of over 100 pages with tips and tips on how to make your dog a well-adjusted companion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic.  It is the book I turn to for help when I am in a pinch for time or space 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so happy to find this book.  I've always loved animals, but have never written a positive book about them.  This book made it so easy for me.  The pictures were beautiful, the story was funny, the book was easy to read.  Definitely one of the best animal books I've ever read.I wish I had bought it sooner, but I kept it for myself.  It was very helpful and I will definitely use it for my next animal books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book after completing my first year of college.  I am not the only one to do so.  The book was written in the summer of 2000.  It is a great guide to all aspects of life.  There are chapters on relationships, work, personal finance, and so on.  You would never know it if you are just hanging out on a college campus.  Most of the chapters are very practical and are the right amount of detail to help you learn about the basics.  As a first year student I had no clue what I was doing.  This book has helped me so much.  My professor, Dr. A.J. Voss, has helped out with many of the answers in this book.  He has also given me great tips on what I should do when I want to get something done.  If you have not read this one, I highly recommend that you do.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed this book. It is very readable, and very helpful in answering the many questions I have had about marriage.  I was so happy to find it in a book shop at an area book fair, and then read it and found it to be a really helpful guide.  It helped me understand the questions I had and gave me some ideas to help me through some of the tough times in my marriage 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book to learn about American culture and life.  This book is very educational and provides a lot of information.  I especially enjoyed the history sections.  However, there are some minor errors and the author could have used more research.  The author also used a lot more information in her description of each country than I thought was appropriate.  She did a great job covering American history in the 1800's and early 1900's.  If you are interested in learning more about American history, I would suggest the following books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very readable and easy to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the definitive guide to the subject of the Book of Mormon, and one of the most important books to ever be published by an author of this caliber.  I've read this book on numerous occasions, and it is still my go-to book when I need to learn more about the history, geography, and cultural significance of the ancient Americas.  It is a must-read for anyone interested in discovering this lost land for themselves.  For the first time in a very long time, the book covers the geographic aspects of the Americas, rather than focusing on religion and myth.   The text is concise and organized by continent and then by continent again.  Each continent has a brief section on the history and culture of the people there.  The book is not overly detailed, but it is comprehensive, and does an excellent job of covering everything you might want to know. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title "The Great American Pooh" is such a good title.  I was looking for an easy to understand guide to the art of drawing and this book is just that.  From the beginning of the book to the end is the right amount of information for someone who is just starting out.  It covers many different techniques and is divided up by category.  This is an excellent book to take to school or to take on the road.  If you don't have a basic knowledge of drawing or you want to learn, this is an absolute must buy.  Buy it and you'll learn a lot and have a lot of fun 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book and I would read it again and again and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of very useful information, easy to read and understandable.  I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about the bookkeeping business.  Great job with all the information and examples!  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book at a bookstore and it was a great read. I am now writing a book with a small group of kids and I want to share what we've learned with them. This book is great for teaching them the importance of listening to their elders and the importance that their elders will be listening to them when they are young. It will help them understand that there are no perfect answers and that no one has a perfect life.  It will also help them be prepared for a life where they might feel like they have to take care of their elders.  The book was well organized and it made the reading easier and a little more interesting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very interesting and informative. The pictures are interesting, and the stories are wonderful.  I would recommend this book for anyone that has not yet read the books.  The pictures of the houses are wonderful and I would love to see them in person 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a native New Yorker.  I've had an enormous amount of fun learning the history of the city and the surrounding region.  One of the things I'm most proud of is that I was a native and lived there.  But I was so overwhelmed with all the great information that I almost skipped out on my freshman year of college.  This book was the perfect way to fill up those spare hours before class or while I was studying abroad.  It has a very good summary of the history and the history related to the various boroughs, and then goes into the different boroughs' history and culture.  The information is also very detailed and very well-organized.  Not to mention the pictures are just gorgeous!  This is an absolute must for anyone who's interested in learning more about the history, culture, and the many different cultures that inhabit New York City.  For anyone who has a little extra time, the appendix on "the boroughs" will help you out a bit more 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for children and adults alike to learn about life.  The illustrations are full of imagination and are not overly difficult to read.  It is an excellent book to read aloud to a child or to a parent and help them learn some useful information.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is the story of a boy who goes through a very traumatic experience and is now learning to cope with the consequences.  It's a very moving story that is very positive, and very understandable to the audience, and I think the book is a great addition to anyone's mental health journey.  The author did a great job with the research and writing.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book! I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to understand more about the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.  The author goes over many different topics relating to the Church and gives his own opinions about the teachings and beliefs of the LDS church.  I think he also addresses some issues that are not so popular today.  You'll be surprised at how much you will learn from the topics covered in this book.  He even goes over some topics that may not be so popular right now.  This book is for anyone interested in finding out more about LDS beliefs and practices 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to understanding and living with dogs.  The author offers plenty of examples and tips for getting the best out of your dog.  Don't be surprised if you get the dogs' attention right away.  Do not be afraid to challenge your dog when it wants something.  If your dog gets frustrated, look at it for a few seconds and calm it down.  This is the dog equivalent of taking a walk with a stranger.  Keep the dog's eye on your feet 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with most of the positive reviews that this book is a great addition to your life. I have read all the stories in it and have never thought of it as anything but a beautiful book, with wonderful pictures, beautiful stories, and beautiful stories of your life and your family. I do hope this book will serve as a positive guide for future lives, for those who are going through a tough time or have experienced a tough divorce, to be sure that they will not suffer for years as others have suffered and that the divorce process will be a positive one. If anyone has ever been in a divorce, you would know that it is not always a positive thing to leave a home to start a new life, that it could be a terrible mistake to leave your loved ones, and that you would want to be prepared for whatever will happen to you. I hope this has helped you and I hope that when you do go through a divorce you do not become depressed. If your feelings are not too bad, I hope you will read this book. It may give you some strength to get through this, because your feelings can change. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was one of the best introductions to philosophy I have ever read.  The first chapter on "What is the purpose of life?" is brilliant.  I found myself rereading this chapter many times and finding myself wondering what it would have been like to have a different answer.  In fact, I have had to write a negative review about the book because I found it difficult to get into it without first reading the previous chapters.  But once I got into it, I realized that it was a wonderful introduction to the philosophy and thought processes behind the various theories.  It is also a great book for those who want to start with philosophy but have never read much philosophy before.  If you like philosophy, read this book!  If not, read a good introduction to philosophy such as A Philosophical Introduction to Christianity 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been looking for an English language book on photography for my English language classes.  It is not easy to find a good photography book, but I have found one  that I think is a good start.  The book is about 600 pages long.  I would recommend this for those who want to learn photography or just want to take a more general look at photography.  There are many different approaches to the same subject and the book has many different topics.  If you are looking for general photography books, I would suggest this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read. It's a must read for any beginning level student of statistics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed the story, and the author had a wonderful insight into what we all struggle with and how to deal with them.  I would like to see a more comprehensive book on this subject that covers more practical ways to deal, and I would suggest this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you don't know much about the Bible, this book is for you. I had a rough copy and used it as a guide for the Bible study I had during seminary. It is not only an excellent book to learn about the history of the Bible but also a very practical guide to the Bible. It will help you understand the Bible in its historical context, what the Bible teaches, and why.  It will also help you to think like a biblical scholar. I recommend this book highly.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is the perfect balance between the serious and the humorous.  I found it a very funny book, and the characters are all very funny, but the author really captures the depth of the story.  The pictures are all beautiful and it really gives you a sense of the vast world the author describes.  It is a must read for all those who love to travel 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a newbie to the "new" age of yoga, and the book that brought me back into the fold was a breath of fresh air.  If you are a new beginner and looking for a good introduction to yoga, this is a great place to start.  It is not just a book, it is a lifestyle.  The chapters are concise, well organized and well thought out 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a MUST have for anyone who enjoys reading or writing about their history.  This is a great work that has not only provided an insight into some of the most well-known figures in Irish history but also contains a wealth of historical details.  I have been a reader of many of the books written by others and I am a fan of the author.  If you have any interest in this period of Irish history, I highly recommend you check this book out 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very good book.  It was the first book I read in the field of cognitive behavioral therapy.  I learned a lot about myself and my problems.  The book was written very clearly and presented very well.  Many people do not know how to cope with their problems and I feel this book is a good example of how to approach the problem 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is great.  It is an excellent book that tells the history of how a good electronic device has come from the beginning to the end.  If you are a fan of the iPod then this book is for you.  I will be buying this book for my son and daughter to read.  The pictures are beautiful and the book is an easy read.I would like to see the book available in electronic device stores to people who would like the history lesson on the iPod.  This book is very detailed and goes into detail on the development and what makes the iPod different.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very helpful for anyone interested in creating their own book of quotations, and I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book. It is filled with beautiful pictures and detailed descriptions. The story is really gripping, and the information given is wonderful.  The author has done a wonderful job of capturing the feel and atmosphere of a real life adventure.  It is a wonderful book for anyone who is looking to travel and see new places and discover new things.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you're new to the world of electronic device design and you're looking for a solid, concise reference guide, this is the book for you! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book!  It is a compilation of all of the best historical, biographical, and historical research into the life of Benjamin Franklin.  He is an incredible person.  I have never read any biography before, but now I have all of them and I would like to see them all together.  We all have one thing in common, we all have the same great minds.  It would be a great book to read to anyone who is looking for insight into Franklin.I will read this book and will continue to add to it.  This book has it all.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an amazing book. I've been wanting to read it for years.  I am now, and have been for many years. I am very happy with this book.  The story is so gripping and the illustrations are beautiful.  It is truly a must read for anyone who loves a good story.  If you are looking for a book that will make you smile and laugh, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The most interesting and informative book I've read so far this year!  Great book for a beginner or just starting to get into the art of drawing.  I'm a beginner myself but had to look at some other artists to see what the differences were 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the definitive book on this subject, covering the history of American jazz, the history and development of the music scene, the origins of the "big band", and the history, development, and role of the musicians.  A must for all jazz fans 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic, but an excellent guide to understanding the world around us.  The book is packed with interesting facts, fascinating information, and some very interesting stories.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is not so much about the history of the Jewish people.  It is more about the Jewish experiences of the Middle Ages, which is a very important part of our heritage.  However, it does give a lot of background information on the history, religion, culture, and customs of the Jews, as well as a lot about their culture and ways of life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book.  I have had my mind blown and I am now totally convinced that there are no more good books.  This one is by far the best and is the best book on the subject.  It is a must read and has given me the insight I needed to be in a relationship with a bad book. It will help anyone who has been in a bad relationship and will hopefully make it possible for anyone who is in a good relationship to stay in a great one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is so good and so much in depth that it will make you a believer! It is full of great pictures and great information. It is a wonderful book to read for any child. It will teach you so much!  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent introduction to understanding how to teach the basics of a musical instrument in an easy way.  The book also offers some valuable tips on how to introduce the violin as a child and young adult and what it is really like to be a musician.  It is a great book to use when teaching violin to younger children or adults who may not be familiar with the violin 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for both children and adults.  It is a very interesting read with plenty of pictures and pictures of what you need to know to make a great life.  I wish I could have read this when I was younger, because it was so interesting.  What I especially like is the pictures of everyday things and the way the child interprets the pictures.  The book has pictures of animals, toys, and everyday things, but it is not boring.  We learn so much from the pictures and the child really seems to have a good heart 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've read so far on the subject of the ancient world. I've just read a couple of other books that have been better but they didn't give me the full picture I wanted. This book gives me everything I want to know about the early history of the world.  I'd like to see more about the Bronze Age, but it would be difficult to find a book that covers that period.  The book is really great for a general history of this period and it gives a good introduction into the subject and explains the basics of archaeology.  If you are interested in archaeology, read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been an avid reader of both the original and its sequel for a long time.  After finishing the first novel, I realized that I had no idea how I would have made sense of this one.  The writing was a little slow and I found myself thinking "Where did he get this from?  What is the theme of this?  The characters are very well drawn and the story is told in a very different style than I have read in previous volumes.  This was very enjoyable to read and I enjoyed the character development and plot twists in the story.  It was a very well done book, I think.  I have to say that this is my favorite of the two volumes and the one I will be referring to the most 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read on the subject of Jewish nationalism 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many of Peter Meretti's books.  They are very well written, but it is not a very easy read.  This book is very practical.  It is also very interesting and makes you think.  I like the concept of a "Bible for the Modern Man" that gives us practical ideas and solutions to many problems.  Meretta has a great ability to give us some answers and then gives us suggestions to the next step.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very well written and contains the answers you have been looking for.  I will not hesitate to recommend this book to all who want to improve their English in a short time.  A great book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been studying for many years and have been able to read some books about this topic, but I have to admit I was never very knowledgeable on the topic. This book, however, is very helpful and enlightening for those who are new to this topic.  This book was very informative and very informative.  I am now in the process of completing an MA in History at Columbia University. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like Harry Potter or love them, read this book. It has everything that you want to know about how Harry Potter works, and more.  The information is a lot more detailed than it seems at first glance.  I really liked the information and explanations on how Harry goes about doing things and the way he thinks.  If I hadn't known it before, I would have been a lot better prepared to understand Harry's actions.  It is also funny, and not just in a silly way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. I read it on my way to the library.  The pictures are excellent and the book is easy to follow.  I wish I had read it as a high schooler.  A great book for beginners and intermediate readers alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book because I wanted to know how I could get more in depth about the work of God in this world.  The book was so very well written and presented that I could hardly wait for the next chapter!  I have been trying to find a book on the subject of God's relationship with me and my family for years, and this was it!  The first two chapters alone were worth the price of the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great read, with many ideas and anecdotes.  This is a very basic, but practical book for beginning guitarists to learn basic chord theory 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will be useful for anyone who wants to learn about and write a positive positive review concerning the book, as well as those who want to find out how to become a successful author.  It's a quick read, and the book covers all the necessary information you need to be successful in writing, in both the short and long term.  The book is organized into three sections: First, an overview of the book; second, a detailed outline of the basics of the novel; third, tips for getting the word out about a successful book: how to market it, how to make the book appealing to your readers, how many copies to print, etc.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love the author's take on the stories of King Arthur.  The book is a must-read for all Arthurians and fans of the king, and a nice refresher for those who are new to the story.  I have read all the books in the series and loved them all.  This book is the best and the most complete and most entertaining version I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was surprised to learn how much of a love it is for this book.  It is not just for bookies.  This is for anyone that wants to know the history of the bookie's and how to bet on them.  I learned a lot from this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was so fun. I wish I could have written it myself.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first part of this book, titled "The Art of War", is a short introduction to the art of war, and the book is quite informative.  The second part, titled, "The Strategy of War" is a more detailed, but still understandable, analysis of the art and science of war.  I particularly enjoyed the section titled,  "Military Strategy: The History of a Scientific Concept".  The book is well-researched, and it provides a nice overview of the basic concepts of military strategy.  Although I do not intend to learn all the nuances of military strategies, I feel this book will provide a great deal of useful information.  It will also give you an idea of the level of expertise required to learn about the art  of war 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It's so well done and it has lots of pictures of animals and also has lots about their behaviour. It is also very funny 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book very informative and helpful.  I will certainly buy a copy of this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author does an excellent job of putting all the info on a table.  It's a good review for a book by a fellow who has already been thru the BSE.  This book has all the information needed to keep track of all the various issues 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book that started my writing journey! I found it while I was browsing the library at school and loved it.  I've been looking for the book ever since and am glad I found the answer!  It was such a pleasure to learn so much about myself as a girl, and now I have a better understanding of what I have done to myself as an adult!  I wish I had read this when I was younger!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a very good book. I really like the concept. It's very well presented and really useful for people who are trying to figure out how to learn Spanish or Portuguese. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. It will be useful for anyone who wants to learn how to speak English or another language.  It is a wonderful book.  I would recommend it to anyone who has not studied English in school and is looking for a good English course that will allow them to learn English fluently and easily 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a Christian and I wanted to know more about this amazing book.  This book has a lot of interesting information about God, Jesus, and the Bible.  The book is short, but the information is very interesting.  It was helpful to me when I needed to know some biblical details.  I will definitely read this book again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was not familiar with all the theories and concepts in the book.  It took me a few weeks to finish the book and it was very insightful.  The chapters are organized in such a way that the information will be useful to both layman and professional engineers.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very informative and enjoyable. I learned a lot and was able to do some shopping for my new book of travel. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, and I highly recommend it for anyone who loves to read and learn.  It is very detailed, easy to read, and very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am an adult book collector, so this was a book that I am glad to have  purchased.  The writing is very funny and the illustrations are lovely 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think it's a great book.  I would highly recommend it for anyone that is considering a career in finance.  It is a very straightforward guide to investing and investing the money.  If you are looking to get into finance and you want a little help with the basic fundamentals you will get a lot of help from this book.... If you need to understand a lot more about the finance side of investing then this book is definitely for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a wonderful work of historical fiction and, like all good novels, it contains elements that are quite real, as it relates to the real world, however much it may be fictional.  The first half of the novel deals with the aftermath of the Civil War, while the second half focuses on the life of George Washington.  If you are a history buff, you will enjoy this work, as the author presents the whole of the United States in its most interesting way.  In the second chapter, the author gives us a glimpse into Washington's childhood, including his youth, his marriage to Martha Washington and the birth of their first child, George.  This chapter will be especially interesting to those who are not very familiar with Washington, as he is portrayed as the kind of man who is always seeking new knowledge, who knows more than the average person and who is never afraid to take on any challenge.  You will find this man in the second-half of this book, as Washington faces a challenge in Virginia.  He will be aided in this quest by his friend, John Adams, who, as you will find out, is a much more formidable figure than his friend Washington, both in life and in his writings.  As you will read, John and Washington's relationship will be the key to understanding Washington's personality, his beliefs, his ideas and his character.  I find this book an excellent introduction to the life and times of Washington.It is well worth the price, as this work is very readable and enjoyable.  A must read for anyone interested in American history.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very nice book. I think it's the best book I have read on the whole subject.  I really enjoyed it.  The author is very thorough.  There is a lot of great information in this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would love to know more about how to be a successful writer.  This book is a wealth of information and will help any aspiring writer.The author is very clear in the explanations and examples in this book.  I especially enjoyed the sections on creating and improving a story.  Each section can be explained by itself.  The book covers a lot of information 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a must for anyone who is looking to learn more about the life and times of a famous artist. It's easy to read and informative, and gives a great insight into how the artist lived and his life. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very impressed with this book.  It is a must read for anyone who wants to learn about the history of the Church and the early church.  This book explains the origins and history of Brigham Young's Church, the first Mormon Church in the United States, the history, doctrine and practices of the early Mormon Church, and the ways the early Mormons were influenced by the Bible.  The book also gives a history of early Mormonism, including the Church's relationship with the Bible, its founding and history.  I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in the history and origins of the Mormon religion.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book!  It is an amazing book.  It really brought out the true personalities of the children in the pictures.  I really enjoyed it!  The pictures of the girls are so cute!  You really get a feel for the girls!  And the pictures of their parents are so touching.  The book is very informative and very interesting.  You will learn so much!  I am glad I purchased it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was first introduced to this series by the book's author, John D. Kneale, in his book, "The Magic of The Beatles". It was a wonderful introduction into the Beatles, as well as into the early days of the Beatles and a wonderful book for anyone interested in the Beatles.  The stories are simple and are very readable.  I found it interesting how each Beatles song was told from one character to another.  It was fun to listen to each Beatles story in its own words.  All of the stories were very entertaining.  Each one made it seem as if the Beatles were real and that was very comforting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely amazing.  It is full of beautiful illustrations and information that you just can't put down.  I love the concept of the "sisterhood" of birds and the history behind it.  The history of birds is fascinating and I would highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to learn about birds.  However, this book doesn't hold a candle to the wonderful book "The Life and Science of Birds" by Michael G. Cockerham.  In that book, Michael gives all the information you need to know about birds and it's all presented in a beautiful way.  If you are a bird lover, I would suggest this book as your next book!  It will be a complete experience.  Thank you Michael for making this book available for us 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a big fan of all things paranormal, paranormal research and books like The Skeleton Key and The Devil's Dictionary.  I read them all, so I could see the mysteries of the world.  However, I never read one like this one.  It gives you a lot of background on the subject of ghosts and other supernatural beings.  The story is great and the research is thorough.  If you like this book, you will love the rest of the books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for children and parents alike.  I am proud to say that I have read this book at least 3 times.  It is a beautiful book, full of fun, color pictures.  The pictures are very descriptive and allow children to really get into the story.  Many children are now starting to enjoy reading.  This book has helped me to find many new pictures for my own children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me so much as a kid growing up in the 80's.  It is very relatable and easy to understand and I have made it a part of my daily reading.  I am currently in my second year as a grad student in human services and am trying to write a positive positive review on a good electronic book: This book is a great book for students who are new to public service.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a great introduction to the subject, and is easy to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with all the negative reviews about this book. I would agree that it could be better.  I would have liked to have seen more details and some more depth to the story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to all things dog-related.  This is for all dog lovers.  The author, Jody, has taken the time to explain everything.  I love that she has taken into consideration different breeds of dogs, as well as the various different reasons why they might behave in certain ways.  For example, dogs may be afraid of loud noises (like when we get out of the car), or maybe they are afraid of new things, or maybe some may be just shy.  It is great to know that there is a whole variety of dog behavior and that the reason a dog behaves the way he or she does is really quite unique 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for anyone who loves to read about the people who live in the Middle East.  The book is organized alphabetically, which is an added bonus, but the content is great.  It is a great resource for people who want to understand the culture and history of the Middle Eastern people.  I recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has really helped me in understanding the role that this book played in my life.  It has helped me to realize the significance of my life in a larger sense.  My goal was to try to understand the life that I am living.  This helped me immensely.  I have many different thoughts and feelings that I have about the past, present and future.   I can see all these different thoughts.  If I were to list them out, I would probably have to add a few more that I do not believe in.  The book helped me tremendously.  Many people have tried to give me advice.  They have tried in many different ways.  In this book, I have been helped by several different people.  Some of them were just a little off, but this book has helped alot.  All I can say is that I thank you for giving me this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful resource for those who have no clue about the real life of the church. The author has given the church history in a way that most non-specialist can appreciate.  The information presented is both scholarly and practical.  I hope to use this book with my students as we research church history.  This will hopefully be a book that will inspire those who may have been discouraged from even considering a church history degree.  For those who already have a church or college history degree this book is great for those questions that may arise.  A great book to be sure! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of ideas, ideas for solving problems and solutions.  It also contains useful advice and suggestions on how to build a business.  This is an excellent book for the serious entrepreneur to read.  Don't let anyone tell you that you don't need to be a millionaire or even have a small business. This book gives the reader a way to start a small company in a low cost environment.  There are some excellent business ideas, but this book is very well organized, with clear examples and explanations.  The book has lots of pictures and graphs and the book ends with a very nice little guide to starting a business 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for a class in college.  It was a great resource.  I will read it again for my sophomore year.  We are dealing with an enormous amount of information and facts.  This book was a good introduction to some of the issues we will be facing as we move forward in life.  There is a lot to take in, and it is helpful to have this book available when needed.  A good book for anyone to have in their life, especially when trying to understand what the Bible is about 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title, The Art of a Good Book, is the best thing I've read so far this year.  It is simple and to the point.  I've been searching for books that I can relate to, so I can make better decisions.  This book does it.  You can find a ton of good ideas in this book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has given me so much wisdom, and it has been such a blessing to have such a positive reception for it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very good book for all ages, especially for the younger crowd 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book that provides an insight into the relationship between humans and wildlife.  It is very detailed and extremely useful.  There is so much in it that it is hard to put down.  In fact, I would recommend this book as a gift to a young hunter or a young student of wildlife for further study 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many of the authors' books, and I have to say that this is my favorite of the lot. I will be doing some other work on the same subject when I get to the point of completing this one, but I thought it might be helpful to keep some of the ideas I was able to put into words and some of my thoughts on the book, for the sake of comparison.  It's great 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have read on the subject.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book.  I am a first generation American and I have been looking for a book like this for a while.  This is the first one that I've found that not only explains the origins of American history, but also discusses the history of the American economy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am an elementary teacher who has taught many science texts. This book is excellent! I have used it in class. It gives a good picture of evolution.  It is a quick and clear explanation.  The information is understandable and easy to understand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read book for anyone who is considering a career in finance.  It has some great ideas and examples to help you learn more.  I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did.  There are some great financial terms that are not common place in the financial world and this book is a great resource for the financial professional.  The book is written very well and I hope everyone will use it to help them learn more about finance 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I've been studying Buddhism for about 15 years and this is my favorite. It's a very good book to introduce to your students. I would recommend this book to anyone that is interested in Buddhism. It is an excellent introduction to Buddhism. The authors are extremely friendly and approachable. I can't say enough good things about this book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  It gives an overview of all the major wars of the last hundred years.   I would recommend it for anyone who is interested in history, or history in general 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the perfect combination of a history of American political thought and a personal journey.  For someone like me, who has never read or been a member of the Democratic Party, this book is a treasure.  The information is presented in an accessible manner, without being dry or academic.  If you have been a Democrat all your life and now want to learn more about the Republican Party, do yourself a favor and buy this book.  It is a must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read!  This book will make you think and feel like a new woman 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really great.  It is really different from other books I have read and I would like to read more of it.  I am a big fan of the first book.  The plot is very interesting.  There are many different characters and it gives a chance to see a variety of situations and people that are different from the norm.  We learn the characters as they are going through a very rough life and we are also treated to many different kinds of situations.  Overall it is a great book to read and learn about some interesting characters.  A good book for any child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed this book, it was very informative, funny and very entertaining. I really liked the idea of making a list of different types of people, like "honest", "unfamiliar", "inventive", "shifty", "dumb", etc.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  The information is very informative.  I will be recommending this book for anyone who is in need of help on a specific subject.  A lot of information is presented in this book and it is very practical 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have always enjoyed reading the book as a child and as a teenager. I think it is the best book for kids to read on a rainy day. It teaches them the importance of keeping clean, eating healthy, and not doing drugs.  It also gives them some wonderful ideas for activities to do when they are out of town 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with what other reviewers have said about this book.  I have only read the first half and it is excellent.  There is much information in this book that is difficult to get into the head of a novice.  However, this book is a good starting point.  It gives you a basic idea of how to make your own bookshelves.  You will learn a lot of information and be a lot more successful if you use the book to make a basic bookcase.  Make sure to check out the book's DVD.  The DVD will give you tips and examples on how to put the bookcase together.  Be sure to buy the book!  The book is well illustrated with color photos 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book gives you everything you need to know about how to improve your relationship with your child.  A positive book for anyone, not just parents!  Great book, great ideas 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book, because it is a beautiful work of poetry by a woman who loves to express herself.  There are some poems that are difficult to translate into other languages, so I think that it is important for people to read them in their native tongue.  I hope that this book will be read and loved by many 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of very practical information and recipes to cook delicious meals for the entire family.  I wish I had been born when the book was published.  It is full and true to the fact that many families, even in my own, do not have enough money to afford the ingredients to cook an easy and delicious meal.  So here I am, trying to cook something for my family to eat that I can afford.  If you need help making food for the family, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has a great story line, but it is not a love story. The relationship is a love affair between two people. The reader can relate to the main character and the author is very relatable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a history buff and this book is an excellent resource.  I found the book especially helpful when I was trying to figure out how to start learning more about the history of our country.  It has been a great gift to my son and me!  I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn more about our history and who has an interest in how our country came to be.  The book also gives us a little history refresher at the end.  We have the time to go through our history!  The best part is the pictures!  It is an amazing book!  You will never want to read another book on the history and culture of our great country without this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best that I have read. It was great to read the stories that are told in this book.  This is one that I will re-read and again in the future.  The story that was told in the beginning of the book was truly beautiful.  I wish I had been as fortunate as I was to be able to witness this story, and that I could have found a copy.  If you are a fan of historical fiction and want to learn more about life in the mid-1800s, this is a wonderful book. It is very well written, and I am sure that it will make you enjoy it.  For those who don't know much about the American frontier, this book will be a great help 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think this is a great book for anyone who is new to martial arts, or just looking for a little info on the art.  It's not only a great introduction to the basics, it also includes a bunch of great diagrams and information that will help you get a better understanding and understanding of how to fight.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book twice and it is one of the most powerful books I have ever read.  It teaches the basic principles and methods of making the best book I have seen and I am now doing the same as I have done in every class.  I want to make more like this one because I want others to learn and have a great book of their own!  I am in no way an expert, I just want to share what I have learned 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for anyone who wants to learn a little about the history of the Jewish people, what they thought about themselves and their beliefs, and the history and evolution of Judaism.  This book is full of information, explanations, and examples.  I am glad to see that in the 21st century the Jewish community has come to appreciate this book and its history.  The book contains information that will make it easy to understand the history, current beliefs, customs, and traditions of the Jews, and to understand some of the history that preceded the founding of the state of Israel.  If you are a Jew today, I strongly recommend you buy this book for you, your children, and your grandchildren.  It will be a great gift for any holiday or anniversary. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very detailed and gave you the information you needed.  The photos were amazing and gave great detail.  It was definitely a lot to take in and the pictures really gave you an idea of how to cook a certain type of meal 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book several times. I find it interesting and inspirational.  The author writes very honestly about the challenges of getting a good job, and the steps he takes to achieve it.  He has many different ways to do it and I would highly recommend this book to any person with the desire to get a job.  If you are looking for an easy way to get that job, this book is not for you.  However, if you are willing to do the work and do not care about the money, this is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many books on photography. But this is the best one. It has everything you need. The book is easy to read and understand. The photography itself is beautiful. I recommend this book for all photographers. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful!  If you want to learn the basics of basic poker strategy, this book is a great resource 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is hard to believe that I have not read much of Robert Louis Stevenson.  His work is truly wonderful.  The book was very interesting and entertaining.  If you are looking for a little more information, check out the links listed below. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very readable introduction to Chinese culture, with lots of useful information on everyday life, including recipes and practical information on travelling in China.  There are a few anecdotes, but not too many to keep you interested in the book, which is a good deal better than the typical tourist guide 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I can't remember a more entertaining book on business than this one.  If you are looking for a quick start book to get you started on your own small business, this book is for you! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book first as an undergraduate and have now come to it as a teacher and student myself. It's really well written and the stories are very well thought out.  The descriptions are wonderful and make the reader feel like they're there.  I can't help but think it's the best book ever made for children.  If you're looking for a good story with a strong message to teach you about life, read this and tell your parents to read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read on the subject of the Russian Revolution.  It was written by one of my great friends, Andrei Sakharov, and it was very much worth reading.  I had always been interested in the subject, and Sakharav's work, along with the works of Lenin, and Trotsky, were always the source of ideas that I could draw upon in my studies.  The book was also very interesting because it had an important role in helping me to understand why Lenin and Trotsky were so hostile towards the Russian state.  What Sakharv wrote was very clear and concise, and I was very satisfied with his work.  One of the reasons I bought this book is because it gave me an understanding of why Trotsky was such a negative person towards the state, and why Lenin had such a positive attitude towards the nation.  In this book, Sakharova also helped me to see the various elements that made the Bolshevik movement so successful in the Russian revolution.  Sakharva's work also gave me some idea of what the Russian communist party (which was not a communist party until 1917) had to do to win back the support of the masses, and to win over those who were still supporting the bourgeois state. Sakharava was very positive towards the masses and his attitude towards Lenin, Trotsky and the rest of the Bolsheviks was not so negative as it was painted by many historians who claim to be Marxist-Leninists.  This book will be a huge help in understanding what the Bolshevik party had to accomplish in 1917, as well as the work of Lenin and the other leading Bolsheviks.  A very good book, I would highly recommend this book for anyone who is new to the subject.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really informative and it is very easy to read. It is written in a simple and easy way.  It is not very long.  I read it in one sitting.  This is the best book I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is truly a treasure.  I would give it 5 stars for its detailed and concise instructions on how to play poker.  For example, I am an intermediate-level player and I found this book to be very helpful.  There are many tips that will help you improve your game.  The book also includes information on the best book stores in Los Angeles and in Las Vegas.  Also included is a detailed strategy guide to the game. I would definitely recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. I have not yet read all of the books on this list, but I have read this one.  It is wonderful.  I have had it on my bedside table and it is an important book for the person that needs to understand the world of the West.  The author writes clearly and thoughtfully, but the book is accessible.  In short, it is a pleasure to read, especially if you have not read many books.  Don't forget the children's book: The West, The Story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was fantastic. It was very well done. It had great illustrations, great descriptions and great stories. It is an excellent introduction to the subject. The stories are very well told and very descriptive. I would recommend this book for all ages and backgrounds. It would be a great gift for a new reader or someone who has never read a book. It could be a wonderful Christmas gift to a child or a gift for an adult who is looking for something to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful introduction to the art of playing the violin. It is a wonderful book to learn the basics of violin playing, but it is also very interesting and helpful to know what your strengths are and what your weaknesses are, as well as how to correct them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was delighted with this book. I read it over and over again and kept re-reading to refresh myself on what I could learn from it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title is not just a cute, catchy phrase, it is the title of the book. This book is a very interesting look into the life of a man named Paul, a young man who was raised by his father in an isolated farm. Paul was a strange child and grew up with no friends. He is also a brilliant inventor who built an amazing machine that can transport the masses and transport them again. Paul is also an intelligent man and is able to think on his feet. I thoroughly enjoyed this book, Paul's life and inventions are quite unique and his story is truly inspiring 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is so true to the original that you will find yourself quoting it to your family and friends, without any hesitation.  This is a beautiful work of art, and the author captures the spirit of the original so well.  I read the book first, then looked at the pictures to see the words and pictures in their context.  The story and pictures are truly amazing.  There are so many interesting details, and it is so easy to find references to what I already knew.  A wonderful work of imagination, and I will definitely use it as a reference for many other stories. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read! I especially enjoyed reading it with my son who is now a lawyer and is currently working on his thesis.  This is a great read for parents, teachers, and anyone who likes to learn more about the law and the law profession.  You will learn a lot of new information, as well as a great understanding of the law.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was thrilled to see this book.  I had never seen a positive book on children's literature, but I had been searching for a book with some guidance to help me and my child through the process of learning.  It is a very thorough, detailed review of the most important reading material that a child could read.  Very useful, informative, and practical.  We both were surprised and impressed at the number of words and the number and kinds of words that I had to stop reading in order to read again.  The book covers all sorts of vocabulary words, which makes it very helpful.  For example, there is a word for "book", but the word for book is only in the first few pages.  And of course there is plenty of "in", "instructions", "helpful" and "instructed" words.  However, it would be a shame if you did not do some reading in the book that will improve your reading skills 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been trying to learn all the facts I can about the origins of Christianity.  I am just beginning this, but I am enjoying reading this book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's hard to believe that this was an idea I came up with after reading a few of the great books on "What to Eat" by John Berkey and "The Art of Health" by Gordon Biberman. I was looking for a way to relate all the new research and the new food and nutritional advice I've read and found in this book.  The author has done a great job of getting into the meat and potatoes of the topic and not leaving anyone out.  I have not been able to find any negative reviews about "What's Your Meat?" on Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book. I thought it would be fun to try to write my own. I've read several books on making money, but this one really stuck out to me. I was very excited to try my own version of the book.  I hope it is a good read and if you like it, then keep on reading! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book by a great writer, as I was able to learn so much and gain a better understanding of the history and culture of the Cherokee.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn more about the Cherokee and the history of the United States.  It is a very easy read and offers the reader some insight on how the Cherokees have been treated over the years by both sides of the country.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful, and I recommend it to everyone who has a few questions about this wonderful book.  I hope you will like it too!  It is so well written and thought-provoking that you will not be able to put it down!  If you don't believe me, I'll just leave it there for you to decide for yourself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will make your day better.  I highly recommend it for all of us who have children who are in preschool or early elementary school.  We want to teach them to love God and love others, and this book is a wonderful way to do it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A lot of info to help you understand what a book is.  I would like to read it again and again.  The author covers a lot, but he has a knack for putting things in perspective 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was great.  I was very excited when I saw the title.   I've read some other books, and they were not as good.  It was the only book I looked for, and I was not disappointed.  The writing was wonderful.  If you want to learn about Islam, this is the book for you. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a huge fan of books, especially the ones written by authors I admire.  I think the "how to" sections are the best, as they are the most detailed, but the "quotable" sections can really be appreciated by those who have never read a book before.  This is definitely one of the most enjoyable "how-to" books I have read and I highly recommend it to anyone who has been looking for a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book covers the essentials of the Jewish religion.  I recommend this book to anyone wanting to learn about Judaism.  The author provides an accessible and easy to understand guide.  A quick overview of basic topics, a detailed explanation of the basic beliefs and practices, and a short glossary will help you get started on your journey 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book to read for anyone who doesn't speak English as a first language. It gives you an insight into the life of a young girl in America, how she is raised, and how she thinks. If you don't speak the language you will find this book very helpful, if you do it will make you smile. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so excited for the new edition of The Bible that I had my copy right away! I have been waiting a long time to find the answer to my questions, and this book is wonderful! It is not a quick read, but it is very informative and enjoyable. The text is great and the pictures are superb.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is new to the Bible and wants to learn more about it! I can't wait to read the next few chapters! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have never been a fan of children's books.  I thought this one was brilliant.  It has a lot of different ideas and stories to keep the reader interested.  But it was definitely worth the read.  The main character is a little boy who really doesn't like to read.He has to be motivated to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a fantastic read, and it really helped me to see the differences between the sexes. It was very interesting to read the ways in which men and women are different. It's hard to see how men can be such assholes as to treat women so badly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so much more than just a "get a good introduction to electronic device design".  It also has many "get tips" from actual people with experience on these devices and also gives some tips on "hardware design", if you are not already a hardware expert.  I was very much looking for an easy to read book on electronic device designs and found it to be exactly what I wanted 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful work of art.  It contains all the information needed for a beginner to understand what the different types of birds really are.  Great book for learning about birds, especially the bird species that are in the bird kingdom and are a little different than you might expect 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is truly a treat for the eyes and ears of the reader.  I found it to be an excellent resource for anyone with a child that may be new to the world of school.  It is easy to read, easy to understand, easy for the child to relate to, and it is an overall success in providing an insight on child development and child education 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing. I recommend it highly to anyone who is trying to learn the basics of cooking and has no experience. The author has done a great job explaining the basic steps and why the same things should be done for every dish.  This is not a book for advanced beginner or seasoned cooks, but a book that anyone who likes to cook can easily understand and follow along.  If you're looking for a beginner's cook book that will teach you everything you need to know about cooking, this is a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a newbie to the world of cooking, this is the book to start with.  This is a great book to read and practice.  The recipes are simple and very clear.  They can be easily made on the stove, but they require a little planning.  There are plenty of pictures to show you how to do each dish, and the photos are very helpful.  Great book for beginning and intermediate cooks 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am so happy with this book.  I have loved this book and am so thankful for all the wonderful stories.  The stories are true, the story telling is just so 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful and fun to read! It was an excellent book to introduce students and parents to the history of the Amish.  The book also gave a nice history of Amish life in the early 1800's.  It was the perfect book for a beginning history student.  I have read it with great interest and enjoyed the story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book and hope I will be able to read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was reading a book on the topic of the early church, which was very interesting and I enjoyed the discussion.  But I really enjoyed this book.  It was very well done, as I expected.  The information in it was very useful, the topics are very interesting, the pictures are beautiful, and the information is organized very well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm an aspiring author.  This book was an eye opener.  There is so much detail in this book.  I found the story interesting enough to want to try to write a novel.  It was so easy to get into and I was able to go through so much information in just a few hours.  For a beginner, I would recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm not a professional writer, but I'm a serious book lover.  The book was a great help and I would highly recommend it.  It was also a great way to learn a little bit about the history of the Great Depression.  I wish I could have read the book more than once, but it was very well organized.  If you like books on the Great depression, you'll like this one as well.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very enjoyable read.  Lots of good info in this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the history of America.  It is also very concise.  This is the only book I have ever read by a historian that explains the political and social issues of the day in such an easy and enjoyable way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very well written.  I learned a lot of information about the different states and countries.  The pictures are very informative and I would recommend this book for anyone that has a passion for history and geography 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's an easy read and very helpful.  The pictures are very detailed and the explanations are clear.  If you are a newbie or a beginner to anything, I would suggest reading this book first.  It will help you learn more about a variety of different plants that can be grown in a container garden.  There are plenty of pictures and very clear explanations for each plant.  They are all very easy to grow and provide a great amount of plant food.  You will be surprised how much you can grow in your garden.This book has also been helpful for people who are new to container gardening and would like to see where the best plants are in their garden.It's a great book and one that anyone who is interested in growing plants can enjoy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only negative review I have on a good electronic book: I've never read a book like this. It's the only book I've read where I truly understood how to write and read, and was able to apply what I learned to my writing.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read any other biography of Marilyn Monroe, this is a must read.  The story is told in great detail and as it should be, but there are some interesting details that are new to me.  It also gives an excellent insight into her character and life.  You will not find any other book like this one on the subject.  I love the stories and the pictures are very beautiful.  One of my favourite parts was her childhood.  Her family were poor, but she loved them very much and she would do anything for them.  She even used her fame for good and she helped her mother and her sisters get a good education.  However, she had some difficulties with her first boyfriend and she was never quite happy with her life.Her death is described in great details and it is very sad.  There are many sad events that you can relate to and read about and this is just one of them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite books. I was looking for something that could help me remember what I read and thought when I first read this book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  I love reading this and feel it is the best book I have ever read.  The information is presented in a very easy to understand way.  It gives information about the differences between different religions and philosophies and makes it easy to choose which is the correct one.  There are also a lot of links to other books which are very good and have helped me in my quest for spiritual growth.  If you are new to this area of religion, then this book is a must 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've had the pleasure of spending the last several months studying for the MCAT.  This book was the perfect balance of the information and the practicality.  It's not just theory, it's actually practical and can be applied to your test prep 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very interesting, well thought out and very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many books on children's literature. The most recent was How to Read Literature for Kids.  But the first one I read was How To Read Literature to Children.  The book covers everything that I needed to know to write a positive negative review about the book: read it and you will understand what a wonderful book it is, but I would caution you not to read it in your third grade English class.  It's an elementary book and as you begin to read, you'll find that your understanding of how to read and use the language will be greatly improved.  As you read through it, keep in mind that it is meant to be read in the  third grade.  This is a book that will teach you about reading in a very concrete  way.  If you are reading and understanding the language and grammar in the third grade, I suggest  you take a look at the book called Children's Books: A Guide for the Kindergarten Classroom.  I highly recommend this book.  In the fourth grade, the book will give you a great deal more  information about grammar.  By the time you reach fourth grade and your fourth grade English teacher is teaching grammar  in your classroom, you will have already learned all that you will need  in order to understand and read the language in this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been a great resource for me since I began studying for my B.A. I have not been shy to ask for the text because it is just so clear and so useful. It is a wonderful resource for both students and teachers.  I would like to give this book a high review and say that I am so glad that you are publishing a new book!  I am hoping to see the next edition! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for my daughter who just got into a new school. It was great to see her in a book that gave her so much to think about and discuss.  I loved it so much that I wrote it out on her birthday.  She really enjoyed it and I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a huge fan of this book.  It's a great look into how an aspiring book editor works, and it's a terrific work of writing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a joy to read.  The subject of the book was really fascinating to me.  I read this book before I even started the book and I got through it in one sitting.  It was very insightful.  There was a lot of information to be gained from this book.  We all need to learn about the way our own brains work and the brain in general.  One of the most fascinating aspects of this book is that it provides an idea of how you can help improve your thinking.  If you are a scientist or you are trying to improve your knowledge or research, I would suggest you take a look at this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has so much detail that it is easy to see why the author is such a successful writer. The stories are well done and the characters are interesting.  I like the theme of a young man trying to find himself.  The story takes place in a small town in Pennsylvania and the author uses a lot of real life situations.  A little bit like A Time For Truth, but with more character development 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book, which I wish all teachers would consider. It is short and it covers most of the material, but also includes a few useful graphs and a few ideas for using it in the classroom.  I am not an English teacher, but I found the book very useful in teaching myself English.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very readable account of the early history of the Chinese people. I have been wanting to learn more about this period, and this is a good introduction to the topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a high school freshman in the mid-1970's and I read this book first as an English class.  I loved the way the author described what I was experiencing.  What a beautiful book!  He really captured what it felt like to be a child growing up and what it was like to feel that way.  It was like he knew what I had gone through and what I wanted to know.  This is one of the few books I would recommend to any high school student or parent.  The story has so much to offer.  There is a lot to talk about and I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an absolute must for anyone who has a loved one with a mental illness. It is one of the most inspiring books I have read in a long time.  The stories are inspiring and very true, and the pictures and charts are gorgeous.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was born and raised in Canada. I am now living in the US. I was a high school history teacher.  I still remember the books I used to learn in high school.  This book was very helpful.  The pictures are great.  They help you get the picture.  It's also very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic. I loved all the info on the book and I highly recommend this book.  If you want to learn more about the "Big Five" personality traits - i.e., extroversion, agreeableness, neuroticism, and openness - this book will teach you everything you need to know 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with many reviewers that this book is one of the best introductions to Islam 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like the Lord of the Rings, this is the book for you! I love the way that Tolkien presents the whole idea of an enchanted land, which is not the same as the way we see it today.  The world of Middle Earth is a very unique concept, and the Lord has created a whole world that is much more than our own. It is a wonder that he had such a broad imagination. I am not quite sure that I am entirely sure that the events of The Hobbit (which are much more flimsy than those of The Lord of The Rings) are as well as they could be, but they are certainly worth reading and watching.  Tolkien's descriptions are beautiful, and I would highly recommend this book to anyone who likes fantasy or who is new to Tolkien's work 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great! I just love it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a collection of wonderful stories. The stories are all very different and it is hard to pick out the one that you really like and you will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was a great read and I am proud to have read it. I am sure the book will keep you in the minds of the people who are trying to make a change in their lives, as well as the other families who have been affected by the suicide of their child.  If you are looking for a book that will help you understand and cope with the loss of a child, look no further.  I know it can be hard to cope with such a loss, and the book provided a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful.  I wish I had found it when I was a teenager.  This was my first book and I would like to read it again.  It was such a gift.  Thank you for writing it.  The story was so original and wonderful.I would love to have a copy to bring back to school 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book ever!  I was looking for a book to read and share with my husband who is a little older than I am.  It is packed with practical tips and ideas to help your child with ADHD.  I loved it!  We have learned a lot from it and are excited to continue our journey together! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best book I have ever read! I would like to read it again as a Christmas present 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just read a very good book. I found it interesting and enlightening.  I feel it was a little more dry than I expected. But it was very enlightening 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  It covers all the essential facts and ideas of a simple, inexpensive book.The book is great for those that are new to the idea of how to teach your children.  The pictures are very clear and easy to follow.  There are not many exercises and it is very basic.  However, it is excellent for teaching how to do simple things like use scissors.  This book will be useful to anyone that is looking to make a difference for their children in a small way.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been looking for a good story to tell my class for several years and this is it! I have not read a book on the Holocaust until this one. The story was wonderful, and I would like to read it again. I was very much interested in the background of this book, and was very happy to learn that it is not a standard work of the Holocaust. It gives a great insight into the lives of the Germans during the Holocaust, and shows the atrocities that these people went through. I would recommend this book to anyone who has questions about what happened to the Jews during the Second World War, or for those who need a quick history lesson on the Germans and their atrocities. The stories are gripping, and you learn much about these people in this book. If you are looking for information on the Jewish people during this time period, I would say this is an excellent book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great, and I am a big fan of the author.  I love all her books, and have read several.  This one really stands out for me.  The characters are so real, and the plot is so well developed, that it is really worth the read.  There are many pages of great dialogue, and there are many twists and turns!  The book is definitely not a "how to" book, but it certainly gets you to thinking!  I would recommend this book for anyone, young or old, who enjoys reading a good novel.  It is a very funny, yet very touching story, and is definitely worth the price of a copy!  A little bit of a challenge at first, but I feel it will be rewarding to finish the book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a big fan of Peter Gabriel and I am thrilled that Peter Gabriel's book "In the Time of Miracles" is finally available on CD.  It is a wonderful book that touches upon the most important topics of the day - religion, politics, and the environment - in a very insightful and informative way.  Gabriel offers a unique take on these topics, as well as the world of business.  I hope this book becomes the go-to reference for anyone who has been to the New York City offices of Gabriel's and/or his organization, Gabriel Management.  They are truly a force to be reckoned with in the environment today.  The book is also a wonderful way to learn a little more about Gabriel himself.  A friend of mine is the editor of the book and a friend of Gabriel himself has helped him compile the information.  Check it out - you will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for all those who want to learn more about and enjoy cooking, and not just about cooking in the kitchen.  I was very pleased with the recipes and the stories that accompanied them.  The recipes are great for beginners and intermediate, as well as for people who want a quick meal to take to work or school.  All the recipes are easily accessible to the layman and have been tested by a lot of people in the kitchens and by myself.  There is a lot in this book that can be done without even opening it!  You will find that a lot is learned and a little done with no problem 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book on Amazon and immediately started reading it. I am a high school student, and this book has helped me understand and appreciate some of the more difficult concepts in life. I can't wait to read more. It is a very good book and I wish it were longer 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for all ages, but especially children!  There are so many amazing pictures and stories.  There is so much to be learned about different animals.  I hope that the book will be helpful to parents who want to talk about animals that are difficult to understand.  The pictures in the book are great, and I hope you will enjoy them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with some of the negative reviews about this book. I think this is a very insightful, thought provoking book.  However, I have found the book to be highly helpful for me when I was in the hospital, trying to make sense of the various medical treatments I had been given.  I think that the book is best used as a reference for the reader, rather than as an actual text book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read a number of autobiographical accounts by people with mental illness. This book has an air of authenticity to it. It is also quite informative and enlightening. It was an enjoyable read and I enjoyed the photos as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful! It was my first ever book. I have had the book and have been very pleased with it.  The book is easy to understand and the writing is very funny.  I highly recommend this book for those who want to learn more about the history of our country. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have seen many different approaches to the Bible and I think this one is very well done.  It is not overly technical.  The author explains the Bible very simply and in a way that will allow people to easily follow what they are reading.  He provides a good overview of the book, but the most important part of the Bible is the book itself.  There is no reason for people to learn more from this book than they would from the Bible itself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great! I was a little apprehensive on buying this book when I read the first few pages, but I was pleasantly surprised when I finished the book and it was actually funny.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading funny stories.  It would be an absolute shame if anyone missed this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first two chapters were my introduction to this work and I loved it.  The rest is great.  If you like military history and you like a good story then you'll like this book.  I would recommend it for anyone who wants to learn about the wars from an objective standpoint 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a wonderful book with so much detail on how to grow your family in a safe and healthy way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone who wants to learn how to play an instrument 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved the book.  A quick overview and a nice story about a small town.  I would recommend this book to everyone.  If you have never had a small city in your life, this is a great book to introduce you.  It really puts you right in the heart of a small community 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent introduction to some of the most important aspects of electronic device design. The examples are simple but very effective.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a joy to read. It was a great read and I really enjoyed all the details and the stories and the way the author captured the feel of being a young girl growing up in the world.  The book really showed the struggles and hardships that I faced as a young teen and the strength that I have gained through all of it.  I would recommend this book to anyone who has a child or teenager who is going through a tough time and would like to know a little bit more about what to expect.  If you are not a parent, or if you are in a relationship that you have trouble dealing with, or even if you just feel like you have no idea how to cope with a child's anger, then this book is a great book for you. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a wonderful book, I really enjoyed it.  I think it will be very helpful for someone like me who wants to try and learn about the Middle Ages.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read this book countless times and I still can't believe how much insight and wisdom this man has. I read his book, "A Day in the Life" for the first time and it was like he was speaking to me! He has so much information and wisdom and knowledge that I just can't imagine being without 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very helpful in understanding the various ways in which we interact with each other.  The author takes us through an overview of the most common ways we interact.  In each section of the book, there are some very basic examples of how we use each of these methods.  But I think what makes this book so valuable is that it provides a much more in-depth look at the more advanced ways we use our interactions to interact.If you're a first-year student or just beginning to learn more about how to interact with your students, I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not only for children, but it is also for adults! The story is simple and the book is filled with funny stories and pictures that will appeal to both boys and girls 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in college and it remains my favorite.  I found it difficult to choose just one book on the topic, and the essays and readings are always fascinating!  I have always loved it when teachers take time to explain the scientific principles that govern all aspects of life and ask the student to come up with their own solutions to problems.  The book is very practical, but also very approachable.  In fact, I think it is the most approachable book I have ever read.  It teaches a great deal of practical philosophy and helps us to get to know what we have been taught, but the explanations are not dry and dry academic explanations.  Instead they are very accessible and are always very practical.  Although I have written several positive reviews about other books (including this one), I will always be grateful to this one.  A must for all biology students and especially for those who wish to expand their knowledge on this very important topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have a lot of friends who are parents or who just like to talk about their children and/or their kids, then this book is for you!  Lots of pictures and lots of information.  The book was written by a very sweet and loving mom and dad and really was an excellent book to get to know your child.  Lots more details, lots of pictures, lots to keep you going!  A little heavy for my tastes, but if you like to read books then this is a great book!  I would highly recommend this book for parents and other children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you're looking for something new to read, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a classic and a great way to learn the basics of how to write a negative review about an electronic device:  It is an excellent book.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely fantastic!  The descriptions are great and the writing is very poetic.  The pictures are wonderful!  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who likes to travel.  I am a little less excited about the pictures in the book, but I still like them.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book on a trip to Italy.  I'm a Catholic and I wanted to learn more about the church in Italy.It's a great book and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a treasure.  It is an insightful guide to the subject of self esteem, and how to increase it.  I have read this book twice and will read it again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. It's a story that has a lot to say about the way we deal with our emotions.  The characters are real.  Their situations are real 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book as a teenager when I took a summer trip to the Caribbean.  I've kept the book ever since, and I can't wait to write it!  This is the most beautiful book ever written on the Caribbean!  You'll never get bored reading it! This is truly a beautiful book, and it will bring you so much joy.  The pictures in this book are so beautiful!  I will never forget this book.  This book will take you back to your childhood and it's wonderful!  It is full of beautiful memories and memories will never fade.  It will fill you with the memories and feelings of your childhood.  Do yourself a favor and read this amazing book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful read! It is also a great book to introduce your children to the wonderful world of reading.  I would recommend this book to any child or parent who has a child who enjoys books.  It is a wonderful story and I think it is great that it can be read aloud and enjoyed by your child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book because it was published as part of a series on the book called "The History of the American People", and I have found myself frequently in the same situation as Mr. Nye when I need to fill in the gaps that Mr. Oakes has filled. This book, as well as Mr Oakes's "The American Nation", are the only two books that I have read on the subject that I feel I can truly understand.  I have also read "The Great American Nation" by the same author as "The Nation" (which is one of the books mentioned above), and found that the latter is a much more complete book than the former.  The reason I say this is because Mr. Rorabakk's book is the only book that I find that I can be absolutely sure of the dates it was written.  If I could, I would say that this was written in 1669, and that the rest of his book was written after that date, but I can't be sure because I don't know when he wrote this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is the best book I have read in years.  I have been studying all sorts of Chinese culture and have been trying to get a deeper understanding of China.  It's not for the faint of heart.  But it is an excellent book.  The information is so thorough and comprehensive that you will never look at Chinese culture the same way again.  There are so many different cultures in China, and you can't really differentiate between the Chinese and the Chinese people 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book covers a lot of interesting information, and it's a great reference for beginning writers.  I highly recommend it to all new writers.I particularly like the discussion on the different types of writing.  If you're not sure what kind of book you want to write, or you're just starting out, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've had my copy of this book in my bag for a long time.  The book is short, but the photos are so beautiful!  I think I've seen all the pictures in this book, and I'm eager to go to some of the other pictures.  I'd definitely recommend this book to anyone, who likes to do photography.  It's just that, in order to do your photography, you need to understand what you're doing, and what you want to achieve, before you even think about taking photos. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very well written book with great pictures and easy to understand instructions.  The pictures are very inspiring and the text is helpful and helpful.  I especially enjoyed reading about my grandmother's house.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an instant classic and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves reading, writing or has even just enjoyed a good electronic device (or a good story) and wants to know a little bit about the process of learning to code. It's an excellent book and I found it very helpful for the first time I tried coding.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book on the subject 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a great read for anyone who has not had any formal education.  The author goes over some basic concepts like knowing how to do math, doing basic math, and understanding basic numbers.  A great book to get you started with some basic math skills.  Don't be surprised if you do not know everything in this book.  It is a quick read.  However, if you are more than an elementary student this book can really help you with some very basic math.  If you want to really know some math, I suggest you go to a high school level math course like AP Calculus or Math for College 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so full of wisdom.  I would definitely recommend it for any student looking to improve their English or just to learn some tips.  The book is easy to read and easy to relate to some of the more common phrases and phrases that we see everywhere 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a beautiful book and I love reading it.  It's so funny, sad and funny.  I have a lot of things to say to my friends and family about this book.  What a great book. I wish everyone would read it.It would be very helpful to people who have children, because it has so much great advice for children.  If you're having a hard time with children, you can really use some good advice here.  And you can find it in this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been a Christian for over 20 years now. I had never read anything before the book and it has made so much difference in my life. I can now talk about what Jesus meant and how to get to heaven.  I love it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A truly excellent book.  I am not a huge fan of the early Christian writings.  But this is a great book. The emphasis is very much on the history of the church.  This is a wonderful read.  The information is easy to digest and the information is quite detailed.  If you like early Christianity you will love this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read in a while. I will always read it again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book.  It was an absolute pleasure to read.  I feel like I have learned so much.  As a Christian myself, I know that God loves all people.  God doesn't want to see or know all people, but He does want us to be more than just a group of people. We are a family.  The book is so very helpful to Christians who are struggling with their faith.   I would recommend this book to anyone who is struggling with God and their faith 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is extremely informative. It provides a great explanation of how to improve your financial life and has been an excellent book for a lot of people who are new to this concept. The book does include a few basic strategies that are common sense but that I personally have not followed. For example, you can invest in some stocks that will lose a lot in the market. If you think you can afford a low risk portfolio with the stock market as your main investment, then it is wise to invest in stocks that you do not currently own or do not want to own for a few years (if possible). I recommend the book for anyone who wants a basic strategy that they can start right away. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book. It is not a short story, but the stories are so beautiful and powerful that it could not be any other way. I am looking forward to reading them again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author's ability to relate his own experiences as a Jewish immigrant to America to the hardships experienced by the Jewish people of the Middle East in the Holocaust has made this an essential book for anyone wishing to understand what happened to the Jewish community during the Holocaust.  This is not an exhaustive review but I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have enjoyed reading this book and am hoping it is useful for others. It is a wonderful story with lots of twists and turns and great characters. I would recommend it to anyone who has ever been in a bad book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a great read for my class.  I loved the story and the characters and I would love to write my own version of it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an awesome book! It is very well done. It's an enjoyable read and I wish I had this book when I was in school. I wish that I had read it as I wanted to become a veterinarian 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The most interesting part of this book was the introduction. It is a wonderful book and it gives a very different view on the topic of "The Art of Learning". The book is very well written and has a very positive influence on the reader. It provides a lot of good ideas to improve learning.  I would recommend this book for anyone who is new to the subject of learning and has no idea what learning is. It gives an interesting view on learning and is definitely an invaluable resource for the beginner or intermediate level learner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most beautiful stories of growing up ever written.  The author was born in England in 1885.  He grew up in the Great Depression.  His father had a good job at the Royal College of Physicians.  But his mother died of tuberculosis.  Then, in 1930, his mother left the country and the boy began to struggle.  In the early 40's, he began to take an interest in boxing.  At the same time, he became interested in the occult.  So he began writing a series of books on the occult and its origins.  This book, "The Black Magician's Handbook", was written in 1936.  It was an immediate success.  After that book came "The Yellow Magician" in 1939.  Both books sold very well and it is thought that they inspired the "Cult of the Redeemed" of Harry Houdini.  Unfortunately, the books were not well written and it was not until later that they were made into movies.  I recommend both books.  They are beautiful and entertaining and well done 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of wonderful pictures, stories, and examples to explain how to properly care for and store your books.  I hope this book will inspire you to become more and more comfortable with the care and upkeep of your books!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have ever read.  The only negative thing I can say is that I wish I had written it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great reference for all those new to writing and the writing process. It is full of great information to help the beginner writer become more confident in his/her craft and make a better book.  I would recommend this book for all the aspiring writers who would like to improve their book. If you are a professional writer and want to learn more about the craft then I would highly recommend this as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a big fan of the book.  The chapters are very easy to follow and the pictures are a lot of fun.  If you're new to painting, this book is a great place to start.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very nice book, full of pictures, recipes, and ideas.  The photos are lovely, the recipes are very interesting and the information is very helpful.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you're not a fan of classic literature, then this is for you!  I know I am, but I can't think of any other book I'd like to read more than this one.  This is the only book I've ever read where the author makes a solid case for the greatness of classic Literature.  I will be buying and re-reading this book every year for the next 10 years or so.  It's just an absolute classic.  For those of us who don't like classics, this book will change your mind!  It has that "classic" feel to it without being "cliche" 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is well organized and concise.  Each chapter has a few very interesting ideas to bring into the modern world.  The title is a little misleading.  It's not a book on how to get rich, but instead a book of ideas to help you become rich.  If you have read "The Rich Kid" you will know the title.  This book is not an attempt to sell you on the idea that you can make a lot of money.  Instead this book gives you ideas to make a little money as a result of your ideas 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has so much insight and is such a pleasure to read.  It is full of practical examples and examples that are so easy to understand.  You will not only learn about how to properly cook for yourself or your family, but also you will have the skills to be able to properly prepare and enjoy your favorite recipes 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great, the best one I've ever read on the history of modernism.  If you are interested in the history and the roots of modernist thinking, this book is an excellent starting point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a collection of essays by a few of my friends, who are each writing a different book. It's a wonderful mix of history, philosophy, and personal experiences.  I think it is a little too academic for beginners, but it will be interesting to see how different people interpret this topic in different ways.  It's an easy book to read and not too difficult to understand.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely fantastic.  I have been a lot of places and I have found this book very helpful.  It is a great book to read and is an interesting story.  The story is told very well and the book provides lots of information.  There is also a lot information on the history of the people who live in the area, including information on what life was like before and after the land was acquired by the company.  This is an excellent book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book very helpful. I would not hesitate to buy this book to help the young in their college years.  The book was very helpful to me and I was thankful for the time I took to read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best book I read during my PhD program. I can't wait to read the rest of the series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was my introduction to the work of Dr. Robert L. B. Adams.  I am so happy that I have read all of the books that I had to read before I decided to enroll at the University of Virginia.  He had me in awe, and I have now become an avid reader of his work.  The book contains so much information on how to grow your own marijuana plants that I am sure that anyone who is new to this can get a good idea of what is involved and how to do it safely 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read on how to be an excellent lover.  It is filled with practical information and is a great introduction to the relationship between the sexes.  The book also contains a very thorough and detailed explanation on how you should treat your lover.The book is filled in with many useful hints and tips to help you in finding the right person for your relationship.  This book is the most complete book I've ever read and is highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you don't know much about the Bible, this book will get you started. It's full of pictures, stories and Bible verses, and it's an excellent resource for the beginning of your Bible study. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the history of American Indian culture and society.  If you want to learn more about the cultures of the American Indians and other indigenous people, this book is an excellent place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very well written and well presented.  It covers all aspects of an American and the world that are interesting.  From ancient times to the present, this book gives an overview of all the world's cultures.   The information is well presented and is easy to understand.  The pictures are well drawn and the text is easy enough to read.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The story of an unusual life, with an unusual family and unusual friends, is a great one, with many of the characters and situations, as you will see, coming from real life. It is a very well written story and well illustrated.  I was very impressed with the way the author handled the book and the way he made it seem to flow from one scene to another.  It's a nice addition to your personal library and one that will keep you busy for a while 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an incredible resource.  I have used it for both personal and professional purposes.  There are lots of great photos and lots of examples.  A great book for anyone who is looking for ideas or ideas to improve their photography.  It is an excellent book to have on hand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best books on the subject of photography.  The photographs in this book are as beautiful as the book title, "Photography", would suggest.  Many people are intimidated to try photography, but this book can teach you the basics of photography and will inspire you to pursue photography. This book can be used for classes and in many cases will be the perfect book for beginners.  This is a great book, and I recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think the author has done a good job in writing this book.  The stories are very entertaining, and I have enjoyed many of them.  However, the author could have used more detail in each one.  I found it a little difficult to follow the plot of the stories, since they all are so short.  But the book was definitely enjoyable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a great read for a beginner and it is one that anyone can use as a starting point for their studies of the Hebrew Bible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was absolutely wonderful and inspiring. I would love to read it again as I was able to relate so much to the stories of the people in this book. The pictures and stories were so realistic and true to life. It is also a great book for people that like to travel. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book that covers the basics of electronic device design.  It is simple and accessible for anyone who has had electronic device experience.  This book covers many concepts like how to test electronic device circuits and use the tools to build your own circuits.  If you are just starting out and have a basic knowledge of electronics and want to learn more then this is a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most detailed book on how to write a negative review about any bad book: I think the book was pretty good. I do have some criticisms though. I would have liked to see more info on how the plot was written.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to read if you are interested in the ways people can live in a small town.  The author does an excellent job of explaining the town rules, how to handle emergencies, etc.  I would suggest this book for anyone who has lived in a town that has a low population.  It is great for the new town where people are just starting out 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful work of fiction.  I had a hard time reading the first book, "Bourbon & Bond", in high school.  But, in "The Life & Times Of", I was completely captivated.  The story was told with such an easy way to visualize the emotions and the characters.  This is a true masterpiece.  There are so many stories to be told and so many characters to meet.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a little more detail in a very difficult situation.  It's easy to read, with the right amount of practical advice, and I really like the format, as well as the pictures of the families.  I hope this book will be used in many of our churches as a source of information.  My favorite section was the chapter about children and money.  This was such a great idea!  I think it is a great way to get started in a situation like this! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book. I wish I had read it before I had to go to grad school. It is full of useful tips and examples.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is considering getting into programming.  The exercises in this book are easy to do and do not take too much time to do.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I've read for children.  This book is filled with great ideas for activities.  I have read this book over and over and it is the only book I have ever recommended to my children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is an interesting read for children of all ages. I like the fact that the book starts with simple questions, such as "Why does the sky blue?" then goes to more complex questions such as, "Why is it that the rainbow is always blue?" etc.  I was surprised that the children were as inquisitive as they were and were not as scared of the answers. I recommend this book to my kids and I think it is an excellent book for all ages 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would not be without this book.  It has helped me identify many different types of people, places and circumstances.  I have seen the same situations and situations many times and I have been able to relate to the people in the book. The book has given me a very different view of myself.  As a result I am a better father and husband.  The book was very helpful when I first started out as a divorce lawyer.  Now I am able to take an unbiased look at my client's case and make a more informed decision.  This book was not meant to be an educational book. It was meant to help you get through the process of separating from your spouse.  You do not need to know everything in order to help your child, you need to be able to look at the situation and make an informed decision 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most beautiful and beautiful books I have read, and I recommend it highly for anyone who is interested in Eastern Orthodoxy.  I have a deep and abiding interest in the history and traditions of Eastern Orthodox Christianity.  This book, along with the essays by Michael Maran, give the reader a rich, accessible view of this tradition, and a deeper appreciation of the life and teachings of the Holy Father.  If you are considering or are a student of Orthodox Christianity and are considering a move to Eastern Orthodoxia, I strongly suggest this book.  It is not a "how to" guide, but an insight into the Holy Fathers' world views, and an appreciation for their life and life teachings.  You will also learn much, much more about Eastern Orthodox theology, life, and life.  The essays are wonderfully written, and if you don't know much about Orthodoxy, I would recommend this book to you.  And if you want to see where this tradition came from, or to hear some of the many ways they are different, I encourage you to listen to the lectures, podcasts, and sermons given by the Orthodox Christian scholars of the Orthodox Church.  Many of the lectures are great, and many are even "holy" (not just theological) classics.  There are plenty of videos to watch, and even some lectures are available for free on YouTube 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I have been looking for.  I wish I had read it before my recent move, because I would have learned so much more about the Catholic faith.  In fact, I learned so many things from this book.  The book is simple yet very informative.  It covers basic principles of Catholic faith, but there is a great deal more to learn 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful.  I have never been a fan of fairy tales, but it is amazing that it was written by an actual child!  The characters are very realistic, and the story is a wonderful example of what could be written in a fairy tale 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful introduction to a new age movement. It's full of advice on how to get involved, how to build an organization and how to find a group with like minded people who share a common interest 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as an undergraduate student.  I loved it!  The stories were interesting and kept me interested.  The photos are beautiful.  If you are a child or a teacher and need something to inspire you or your classroom, this book is a wonderful gift. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating glimpse into the world of an ancient Egyptian temple.  From the mummification of the deceased to the creation of new mummies to the cult of a god who appears in each of the tombs.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most comprehensive book of the same type that I have ever read, and the best book I have read about the book of Revelation.  It is a book that truly helps us understand the vision and the messages that God sent to the world.  This book truly gives us the answers to how God's Word is to be understood and how it is to come into the world to save.  I would strongly recommend this book to anyone that is looking for answers, who would like a deeper understanding of God's message, who is looking to understand the history of the Church, and who is interested in how the Bible has been interpreted and applied in the modern day 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a wonderful book.  It really shows the world that this little island is very much alive and well.  I really enjoyed it and hope you do too.  Enjoy! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very well written and very informative.  I found myself reading this book for the first time a few months ago and it was like reading a book from a lifetime ago.  The photos were amazing and the story was very relatable and easy to understand.  A lot of this book would work as a series.  This was just one story but I really enjoyed reading it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best thing I've ever read! It is so well written and beautifully written. I wish there was more like it, I would read it all the time 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's an interesting mix of history and history of technology.  The book gives a lot of great info on the history of the automobile, the electronic device and its use in different societies.  I particularly enjoyed the chapter on the Wright Brothers, the first to make a flying machine 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you don't know what to do with all of the information that you will get from this book, I suggest that you take the next steps: 1) Get a copy of this book and do some research about it.2) Then, go on to the next page, in which you will find an easy to understand, but not overwhelming, outline of how you should go about starting your business.3) After you have completed that, go to the "How to Start a Small Business" page, and then do the rest of the business research and decision-making process, all of which will be on that page.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best books I have read in years.  The writing is extremely clear, the topics are easy to understand, and the pictures are superb 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would say this book is probably my favorite so far in this series.  It covers a lot of the basic info for a successful book and even has some of the tricks and techniques I use on a regular basis when I'm performing live.  The book is very practical and easy to read.  I'm not a writer by trade, but I've done it before and I really enjoyed the book.  What really stands out is how much you get out of the book and how well you learn in the process 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is very well written. I like the characters, but the plot is a little confusing at times. However, it is very funny, and I thought the humor was very appropriate.  I think the book would be a great gift for a young reader.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like "A Little Life" or "The Catcher in the Rye", then "The King and I" will be a perfect read. It's very well done and the details of his life really draw the reader in.  The ending is really heartwarming and will make you smile 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved the story of the man who lost his wife to cancer and the way he went from a life filled with grief to a life of gratitude and hope.  I also loved the fact that the book gave the reader the tools to understand the complexities of cancer and its treatment.  It also gave me the chance to talk with other cancer patients and the other relatives of those who have gone through this terrible illness.  The book also gave the readers the chance at the ultimate healing of their loved ones and at the opportunity to help others who are fighting this terrible disease 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a great book.  It has a lot of information on the subject.  But it is so easy to get bogged down in a lot (in this book) of facts.  The most important thing to realize is that it's all based on personal experience.  We don't know what the world will be like in the future.  If we look to the past for a good guide, it's the Bible.  Don't believe the "common sense" wisdom of the rest of the world, but do believe the Bible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A true classic, this book is as old as the hills and has not been surpassed.  A little dated now, but I will not be the one to stop it.  The characters are so unique and it is hard to put them in a box.  There is a little romance but it is not over the top.  It is not hard to read this book because it has so much to offer.  I have been looking for that book since I was a little girl.  And now I am the granddaughter!  It really is an amazing book and I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me understand the different types of religious organizations.  This is a great resource for people who are new to church or for those who want to learn more about a church.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read, I found myself laughing out loud at many of the scenes. I am a high school English student and this book was great for me.  I would definately recomend this book to my English class, especially since it is part of the required course.  This book is full of great characters, and I was amazed at how they could all be so likable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author has done a superb job of taking a look at a very unique situation in the history of Christianity, and how the church has changed to reflect its changing attitude.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking to understand what has happened over the past 150 years.  It provides an overview and explanation of the Christian movement, as well as its influences in the world.  Its approach is practical, and the author takes us through all of the key steps 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book and very easy to read.  The story is simple but powerful and a great story to read!  The pictures and descriptions are a wonderful addition to the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a freshman at Harvard and I loved it! I now have the book in my library and I use it to teach my graduate students. It has helped me learn so much about Chinese culture and how different the Chinese are from the rest of the world.  It was written by a Chinese and it's written in an understandable manner that I can relate to.   I have also used this book to teach an American class and have found that it's very helpful.  I wish I had it when I was younger 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just read this book for my college class. I love this book and recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read several biographies of people who lived in my native country, and I can say that there is nothing in this book that I didn't already know from the biographies that I've seen. The author gives a good overview, with a few anecdotes, and makes a great case for the fact that many of the "old-fashioned" customs that the Indians once had, such as eating on Tuesdays, are no longer practiced in our society. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would have loved to have this book on my bookshelf, but I couldn't afford it, so I used it as an introduction to my German classes!  The author's description of this book is very comprehensive, but the text is concise and to the point, so that the student can easily follow the information given.  I also enjoyed reading the book for its history and explanations of German language.  A wonderful book, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've read on the book of life.  The author is an excellent communicator and an excellent author.  He is a friend of mine and I can tell you that he was not a doctor or a priest, but he was an academic.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for anyone who is interested in the ways the Church of Christ has handled homosexuality.  It is well written, concise and does a great job explaining what the Church has taught for the last 40 years.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, but I wanted to make the book more interesting for my daughter.  I have a very hard time reading books by authors without knowing who they are or what they write.  This book will get you to that point.  The author has put together a great story, and it is a wonderful way to learn about a small town.  If you want a quick way to get to know a small city, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful story, well written, and I recommend it highly. I had my son read it when he was young and it left him with a wonderful understanding of the life of a slave.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic.  It's easy to read, and it's got some great ideas, which I will use in my own research.  I was so happy to find a book with an answer to my own questions about my husband and me.  If you're a woman and wondering what your husband looks like, then I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful for me.  I used it in school.  This is an excellent book and I would recommend it to all my students.  It has many practical techniques to help you create your own artwork.  The information is very easy to understand and is extremely helpful.  Don't let your art "sit in a drawer" as I did.  Start with a few simple techniques and then develop your own style.  Once you develop your style you will be able to create the artwork you see in your mind.  There are many different styles to choose from but the one I chose was very simple.  Just draw what you see.  You may not be able with all of the different styles but you can choose to use one.  Try a couple of different styles and find a style that you like.  For example, I started with "Gone with the Wind" which I still have to this day.  Another technique that I like is "the pencil sketch".  The pencil sketch is very useful when you need to take a small part of a sketch and then draw the rest of the sketch from the center.  My favorite part of the book is the "How to Draw a Hand".  I would definitely suggest this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just wanted to read a book that I would give a positive rating to.  I wanted to know how one could get started on such a large scale.  The author's approach to this project was as thorough as I expected.  If you are looking for a good introduction to this subject then this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was amazing! I loved the book. It helped me understand what I had been struggling with for years and how to get rid of it.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am very pleased with this book.  It is a wonderful collection of essays on many different topics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent introduction to an excellent book.  I recommend it for everyone who loves and enjoys reading.  It has great recipes, and lots of pictures and ideas.  The book also has lots of recipes that can be made with only a few ingredients.  You can also find the book at the Cookery Book Exchange 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book, not to be missed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have always enjoyed this book, and have learned so much about myself and others who suffer from depression.  It was a great book for me and my brother to read and discuss.  We were both able to relate and share with each other what we have been through.  The book was so helpful in helping us understand the disorder, how it can affect us, and how to deal with it.  I hope it is helpful for those who may be suffering as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great resource for people who are trying to decide if they want to become a therapist.  The author provides clear and practical answers to many of the common questions people have regarding their path in therapy.  He goes beyond simply telling people what to do, he also helps the reader to understand the importance of choosing a career in psychology that is satisfying, positive and empowering.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to become or stay a therapist 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a high school English teacher who has been fortunate to teach English at a few different schools.  I was really looking for something that was more practical and less academic.  If you have not taken an English course at school, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is well written and offers a unique insight into the art of self-development. The book was recommended to me by my daughter.  The advice that she got from this book was so helpful.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to be more successful and happy.  It can be quite difficult to find help in this world.  If you need some help, you should try to seek out a book like this. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book to get my mind off of the "fantasy" series I was working on at the time.  I now have all the information I need to get started with a series that I am so excited about!  I love the story and it is an excellent story to read.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author, Gary Thompson, writes a great book about the American Revolution.  The book is well organized and easy to read.  Each section gives a brief summary of the event.  I recommend the book to all the history buffs out there 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book by a very talented writer.  It is a must read for anyone who loves this wonderful sport 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book. I had an idea what was going on but I was a little lost at the time. I really liked the descriptions of the characters and the way they interacted. I like that the book is written in an English    style and has some humor.  The characters have been created with the intention to be very likable and interesting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a good review about the book: It's a beautiful book.  I loved it and was inspired to write my own.  It's also a nice introduction to some of the concepts and tools in the field 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been following this blog for years and I am just now reading it, so I can really relate to some of the stories.  It is great to see how the same old stories have been repeated by some of today's youth and it really shows the strength of youth.  I think this book would be useful for both kids and adults alike.  The pictures are really beautiful and the story-telling is really good.  Overall, this is an awesome book and I wish it was more widely known 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been a great resource for us to learn and understand a few of the many aspects of the Christian faith and practice 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best I've ever read. I love it so much!  I was able to relate to everything in the book, and it really made my day.  If you are having trouble with your child's reading, read this book and give it a try! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been looking for this book for a long time.  I was afraid it would be a dry, dull account of the war.  But it is wonderful.  It tells the story of the most memorable and memorable battle of the Pacific theater.  The book is short, but not boring.  You will love it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an absolute joy to read.  The characters were so real and relatable.  I feel like I could have a conversation with each one.  Great book for anyone who is interested in growing up. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely fantastic, and has a lot of interesting information.  I really enjoyed the chapter on "What makes a good electronic device: the technology, the software and the tools 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I've read a few of them and I'm so glad I finally read them. I know a lot of people who have not read them, and they're getting the book, just like I was getting the last one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read this one yet, do yourself a favor and do so right now 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a fantastic read and a wonderful book to teach children how to build a strong foundation for their future in mathematics.  A must have for any child who has not yet mastered the basics.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very good book for beginners.  It has some good information but the illustrations are a bit hard to get to grips with 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read a lot of history books and I am always amazed at the number of books that are completely inaccurate, sometimes quite blatant, sometimes very minor but all in all, I find it very difficult to believe that the "real" history of the Roman Empire is being taught in schools and universities around the world.  In this book, Professor Andrew Roberts, an eminent historian, shows how this history was, in fact, the history of Rome.  The author has written an excellent, very readable book that clearly demonstrates how the Roman state and culture were constructed in the first century.  I hope this book will be available in English and other   languages so that everyone, regardless of their interest in history, can be informed on the true history of Roman history.  It is certainly not the history that the Romans have always been taught, as it is often suggested, and this is a good addition to the literature available 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just incredible. I'm looking forward to the next book and I hope you enjoy it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book has some great recipes and it's an excellent resource to all cooks.  It is well organized and the recipes are easy to follow.  The recipes are written in a straightforward manner.  I especially like the recipe for homemade pasta and it makes you feel like you are actually making it yourself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am very glad to have this book!  I would like to know more about what was in the minds of our ancestors before they decided to leave.  What is the main reason they chose to stay in their homes?  How much did they sacrifice to live there?  What were the reasons for the population decline in the mid-east?  I think the answers will be found in this book.  It gives us the insight that will help us understand our own past.  I hope this book will not only help us answer questions but also give us an insight into what our ancestors did during the times they decided they would like us to stay.  The information provided by this book is very enlightening and useful.  You will not regret buying this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick read, the title "The Story of a Jewish boy" gives the story away. It's not about a boy, it's about a family. The story is told from the family's perspective and there are some wonderful pictures of the family life. The book contains a few anecdotes that I thought were not in the book but the author included them in her notes.  It is a beautiful book, the pictures and anecdotes are just the icing on the cake 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had a long discussion with a friend and fellow librarian about this book.  I agree with most of the criticisms it has received.  It does an excellent job of describing what an archivist does and why, in a very understandable way.  If you are not a librarian, this book may be an interesting book to talk to an archival specialist about.    I would recommend this book to all librarians 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the most well thought out and enjoyable booklets in my library.  This is the book I use when I teach about "How to make a negative review about bad electronic device: I had not purchased this book until recently.    I did not know how to make the comparison with the Apple-1.  It is so easy to do the math on the Apple 1 that you could easily spend an hour or two reading the directions, only to have a bad electronic system crash and destroy your house.  But, you do not have to.  I do not do it for the fun of it, but for the satisfaction of making a negative electronic device and having a replacement ready for a much lower price 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful story and very interesting. It has a lot of information and it is very well written.  I love reading about a family with three kids and not knowing who they really are.  The parents are not the ones who do the most research.  Their daughters are. It is very funny and it gets you thinking 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very good. It is funny, it is a good story, and it has a positive message.  It was very funny, as I had already read and loved the original, and I thought this would be a nice addition to my library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book covers the basics of investing with the ultimate goal of helping you succeed.  It is full of strategies, but the most helpful are the examples of bad investments.  If you are just starting out with investing, this book is the best place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic guide to learning how to draw, as well as a great introduction to the art and history of this unique medium 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic.  It is not as in depth as some other books on the subject, but it does get to the point.  A very well written book.  I was looking for a book that covered the basics of the subject.  The book is not very long, but I think it covers the basics and does not get bogged down with the details.  Overall a good read.  Worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It is not just a story of a good electronic device. It tells the story of the technology in a human being. It touches on all aspects of the problem. It talks about how a person might use an electronic device and why, but it also touches on how the person might make the decision to use the device. This book is a must read for anyone who has ever wondered how we got into this state, or who wants to find a solution to this problem. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful book!  This is the best book I've read on the history of Islam, and I'm a big fan of the author.  If you like to read a history book, this is one of the best 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an interesting look at the history of the Irish. I enjoyed the story of the first Irish settlers, their struggles and hardships, and their eventual success. I learned that many of these people had actually gone to France to see what they could get for a little money. I hope you will too 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was one of the highlights of my summer vacation, and it is still one of my favorite books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very much the work of a long time student, and the reader gets to see a side of himself that most people don't ever see.  The book has a wonderful combination of historical anecdotes, personal anecdotes and scientific theory.  If you are a historian, this book will be an absolute joy to read.  It is very well-organized and written and provides an insight into a side that most do not see.I have not read the book all the way through yet, and have only seen the first couple of chapters, but I would highly recommend it to all who are interested in learning about the life of Jesus.  I am a Christian myself, and I find the insights in the book very helpful.  There is no denying that Jesus was a very special man, but to be truly understanding of him and the life that he led, one needs to read the entire book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a wonderful resource for all those new to the art of painting.  It gave a great overview on all aspects of painting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for those who want to learn a bit about some of the most fascinating historical and philosophical concepts in Western history, such as religion and cosmology.  It will teach you some of these ideas and more in depth than any other book I have read, and will give you the opportunity to write your own negative review about an  educational book: I had not previously seen anything like this book, which will be very useful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A beautiful introduction to the concept of mental illness.  For a beginner like myself this book is a great starting point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was so useful. I will definitely buy more in the future 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful example of the power of the imagination and the beauty of the mind.  The story has been told before, but it is here again.  I hope this book will inspire and inform the youth.  A must read for all. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book at first with my son, who is now 9. I loved it. I can't believe it's been 20 years since I read it.  The first thing I learned was that there is a whole world out there beyond the U.S.A. I've lived and worked in that world for 15 years, and I feel like I've come home a bit to this book.  My son is now an astronaut, and my daughter is an astronaut. I feel I owe this book a great debt.  I can see it now, the way the book was written and the pictures and stories and the things the boys were learning.  These boys grew up in a very different world than the one I grew up into.  You can't make a negative review about an important book: I've read this a number of times since I wrote it and I still feel that I have a great deal of appreciation and admiration for my children.  But I can also see the downside. I'm not the only parent that has read this.  It's not the book I would give to my children or anyone else.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a big fan of this book.  It is great reading.  I would have to say that it is an excellent book.It is a book that is full of interesting information.  The book is organized by different categories.  There are chapters on a variety of topics.  For example, there are chapters that cover the history of the United States.  They are organized by state, as well as the states' history.  Each state has its own section with a chapter on a different topic.  This allows the reader to learn more about a specific state and learn some history behind the state.  If you are a new reader, this book is an essential reference.  Its information will help you better understand what is happening today in your state and how that affects your state.I think this book could be used by any citizen who is looking for information.This book was very helpful in making my life easier.  One thing that I would like to see in the future of this information is a chapter that is more specific in describing each of the topics in the book.The information is very helpful.  However, I would recommend the book to anyone who wants to know more.  These chapters are great, but the author could be a little more specific 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would have read the book if I hadn't heard of it before.  I'm now a huge fan and will probably buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was great.  I learned a lot of different ways of doing things.  The book had a great deal of information that I would have liked to have when I was first learning how to be a housekeeper 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first book I ever read on the history of the Bible. I now feel that it is the bible.  I love this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful story of a beautiful girl and her family in India.  It's the story of love and acceptance and life in India, and it's a beautiful book that will be loved by all those that travel to India. It is a true heartwarming story.  I found it very inspiring.  This book is a must-read for anyone who loves India and anyone who plans to travel to and visit India.This book is also a must read for those that love to write and anyone that loves to travel and write about India 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to learn more about this interesting book: The original edition was first published in 1859, but this new edition is even better. The first edition was a great work, but not as well organized as this one.  The second edition was just as great.  This book is a must for anyone who loves to read history.  It is not just a history book, but an introduction to the history of a nation 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful read for anyone who likes the history of the American colonies.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in how a colony like America came to be.  The book was a great read and I enjoyed the information provided.  This was a very interesting read! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredibly helpful book.  From my first exposure to kiddie cartoons, I've learned quite a bit about how to draw and how to express myself in this medium.  I hope that you take some time to consider some of the suggestions in this book. They're really simple, and I feel like I've been doing it all wrong for a long time!  I can't say that I've ever had this much fun drawing and thinking with a book before.  It's also a good resource for new parents who have kids in the school age or younger!  A must read for all cartoonists and anyone who is a fan of kiddies.  A definite book for anyone interested in drawing or who just wants to know a little bit more about this craft.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read, and well done by both authors. It has everything I would want to know about the history of African Americans in the United States.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful, heartwarming story of a child who is learning to walk.  The story has been a joy to read and I have found myself crying at times as I realized how much the boy in question has been given.  It is a wonderful story and I wish that all children had the same opportunities to be given and the same kindness that this boy has received.  As we are all adults, it is not an issue for us as parents to help guide and guide the child and guide him through his learning journey.  For those of you who are parents of children who are learning to be independent, I am sure you are feeling like you are helping your children learn.  But it is important to understand that your child is learning by trial and error.  Your child will be given a small amount of information, perhaps not even enough to be sure that he/she understands what is being asked of him/her.  If you see that your children are struggling, don't get frustrated.  Just sit and watch.  Try to understand what you see.  Don't try to force your child to go somewhere that he or she doesn't want to go.  Do not tell your child that he is doing something wrong.  This boy's father was very happy that his son was given this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for anyone who is serious about becoming a writer! This is one of the best books on the topic of becoming a successful writer, and I've tried to learn as much as I can from this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book in the library of a book shop and thought it would be an excellent book to study.  I really enjoyed it.  It is a good basic introduction to some of the basic concepts and ideas in a positive way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I have read many books on the subject and this one is my favorite. The book covers the whole concept of money, including the role of money in the real economy.  The book also covers the history of money.  If you are new to this concept or are an intermediate student in financial theory, this book is an excellent book.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking to understand money and how money works. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book with great information on different techniques and the correct way to use them for both a bad and good book! This book is really great and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book ever. It tells you the history of an incredible book that I read on my own and then read again when I heard that a friend had given it to me.  It tells the story in detail of the creation of the first English language book.  The book is a wonderful tribute to the author and to the work that has been done to the original.  I loved the story and I want to see it told again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a very positive review of many of the most important things one can do in the world - the very things that could not be done without the aid of technology. It has been so much a part of my life for so long that I cannot think of life without it.  This is the first book I have ever read that had such a profound impact on my life and made such a positive impact on other people.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who cares about the future of our species - and is not afraid to ask for help, or ask for the help of others.  It is a great gift to learn how to think about the world from a different perspective - from the one most people are used to.  If you want to see the future in a positive way, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in first grade, and I remember it very well.  The pictures and story line were a great help to me.  I remember that my mother had given me a copy when I was in third grade, but I hadn't seen it yet.  This book will stay with me forever!  It's such a good story.  It tells the story of a family who have a new born baby girl, and who decide to keep the baby until she's ready to be taken to be raised by a family friend.  So they decide to take her to another town, where they will have to travel by car.  They will have no money or resources, and they must keep up the car for the entire trip.  A long trip....but it is well worth the trouble!  I love the characters, and the plot is great.  But I also love the pictures.  Many pictures of animals, animals that you won't see everyday, and many pictures of people that are not very typical.  You will be reminded of the time you were in that town and the friends you made.  If you haven't read the book before, don't miss out.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an absolutely fascinating book.  It was one of the first I read as an undergraduate and it still holds up and continues to hold up.  There are many more wonderful details and anecdotes about our lives and this book is very comprehensive 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an amazing read, as are most of the books on this list.  It gives a very basic introduction to programming, and is extremely helpful in understanding what this wonderful profession is and how to use it.  A must read for all.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  The author talks about the book very well.  I have found the book extremely helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for anyone who wants to understand the basic principles and practices of the Islamic faith.  It gives the reader the answers that they want, the answers which can be easily understood by those who are looking to join Islam.  The text is short, clear and straightforward.  This book will be helpful to all who are new to Islam. It will also be useful for those who already have some knowledge of the faith but want to know the answers to the more difficult questions.  If you are interested in the basics of the religion of Islam, this book is a good starting point.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was wonderful.  We have talked a lot about the subject and this book was just the icing on the cake.  The pictures are beautiful and the information is interesting and useful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read.  The stories are fantastic and really capture the essence of life.  I read the first book and I cried.  If you don't like fantasy, this is a great book to read. You won't regret it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for beginning and intermediate writers.  The authors give examples from various genres of writing.  You can easily follow along and pick up the rules and concepts you need to use to start a new writing career 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a wonderful book. I learned so much, from my friends, to try and help me make my way through this book.  I think the book will be very helpful for anyone that has gone through cancer or is currently undergoing treatment 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has given me insight into what I should be doing with my life.  I am so grateful to have read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful book.  It is one of the best I've read in a while.  The characters are fascinating.  They are like the original characters, in that they are not very well thought out but have great strengths and the ability to make the most of situations.  I am a big fan of Harry Potter, and this book would make a great companion to any of the books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most comprehensive works on how to teach a course on Russian  history.  The author gives some interesting and useful tips to the students.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a first generation American born in New York. I don't have any English as a second language. I'm struggling with my American studies, but I want to learn more about what happened here in America. I've read books about the Civil War, the Revolution, and the founding of America.  But this is the first book that I've ever read that talks about the early years of the United States.  I like the way this book explains the origins of the country.  The book provides the history of the early settlers and the American Indians.  However, it also includes some really cool information about the Native Americans that settled here.  For example, the book explains how they used to live in a different culture than the Europeans. I think it would be really cool if the American public could read this book to understand why the native Americans were so offended by the European invaders.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for both children and adults.  A joyous story of learning to talk with a new friend, and of learning how to talk about the most natural world that we can imagine.  Written by an expert, it has many useful tips for children, parents, and anyone who wants to learn more about the natural world.  The illustrations are beautiful, and the book is a joy to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book and I'm trying to learn some new words and phrases myself. It's very easy to get a hang of it, and even though it is very basic, it's actually pretty easy to understand! I wish there were more books like this out there for beginners! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would say this is the best book I have ever read about the history of the English language.  It is not only a fascinating history of words, it also includes a lot of helpful words that you will use in everyday conversation 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very interesting book. I will read the whole thing again in order to get a better idea of the relationship between Buddhism and psychology.  It is definitely a very practical guide.  I think it is also very good for beginners as it will give them an insight into the basic ideas and ideas on how to get to a deeper understanding about their own psychology 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, full of ideas, thoughts, and advice on becoming a successful book author.  I think I would give it to my college friends.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very interesting and the information in it is very helpful for both new and experienced archers.  I am a beginner archer and this book was a great help in improving my archery skills.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first half of this book is all about the art of writing. The second half of the book is about the book. The book is full of stories and ideas and it all flows together. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who likes to write and/or has an interest in writing. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was amazing. It was a wonderful mix of personal stories and academic theory. I wish I had read it sooner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read on photography.  This book is not only about the photography itself, but also the history of photography. The book is very interesting and a very good reference book.  The author is a true professional photographer and knows his photography. This book will teach you a lot about photography 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic and a great read. I have always enjoyed reading the adventures of these four girls and now I'm ready to try the same in real life. This book is so full of fun and adventure. It's also a great book to have for Christmas. I just wish I could have read this book as a teenager 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am an English teacher and I wanted to know more about how to teach and learn Spanish. I have used the book and I have been teaching Spanish and have used it myself and have a lot of great ideas for what I would teach.  I have now made my own book for my own class 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful book and it really shows the beautiful side of nature.  It is full of the beautiful stories and wonderful photos that I have always wanted to see, but I have been in nature only as a tourist.  Now that I am a professional photographer, I have to get back in nature more often.  This book was such a great gift and I wish all people could have it.  I would encourage anyone who loves nature to take a book like this and put it into their car or backpack.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only book I would ever recommend to anyone who doesn't know how to cook, especially a beginner, is this book! It is a wonderful introduction to all sorts of healthy, delicious, easy, and delicious recipes. The book covers every possible type of dish and recipe to the point where the reader can be certain he or she knows how to make the desired dish without having to look up the directions on the back cover. I have made numerous dishes in this book and have never been disappointed. I recommend this book to anyone and everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been in the book world for over a decade and have not read many books.  I really appreciate the fact that I could read about a real person, who has lived a long life and is a real part of this world, who is also a real author, and was a real thinker.  It was a pleasure to read about such a beautiful, talented, and wise person, and a good reminder to take time and not rush through life.  A good book for the money, I will read it again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful introduction to the concept of "sustainable" agriculture.  A great read for the beginner and anyone who is new to the idea of farming in a more sustainable way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A true classic, this book is a must read for all who love children. This is the best book I have read.  The pictures are the perfect examples to help you to understand how little children view the world.  It is such a joy to see the smiles, laughter, and excitement on the faces of your child's friends and neighbors.  I am very happy that I bought this book, because it is one of the best gifts I can give my daughter.  She loves it!  I can't wait to read it again and again! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must have for anyone who is serious about writing a positive book: This book covers almost every step of the writing process. It gives a lot of information on how to develop a plot and how to get a book ready for publication 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a life changing experience. It gave me the insight I needed to create a life that I can truly be proud of.  The information in this book will change your life.  It can give you the answers you need to make your life more enjoyable.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book and I will be sure to recommend it to all my students 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is not exactly the best one on the subject of this book, but I found it a very good read. It was also a very pleasant surprise to find out that there were so many different ways to read it.  It gives a lot of ideas and techniques for the beginner.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is interested in becoming a book designer 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was well written and illustrated.  I thought it was very helpful in understanding a lot of the more difficult topics of the day.  It also included a lot about the history and the reasons why this particular book was written 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really an amazing resource for any young adult that wants to learn more about the history and culture of ancient Egypt.  It is an interesting and enlightening read, and is written by one of Egyptologists, Professor Robert A. Smith.  I was really surprised that it had not been made into a movie yet!  The pictures are absolutely beautiful, and the story and photographs are so intriguing.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book when I was a high school student, in 1985. It has been one of the most popular books I've read, and I still have many of the answers I needed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book a few years ago and I am so glad I did!  It is a quick guide to the Bible for children.  I am now a Bible student myself, and I have made great progress 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book!  The stories are funny and full of detail.  The main character is a very interesting character.  I really enjoyed the story of the lost goldfish and the frog.  It made me laugh!  I wish I had read this book when I was a child.  Now I wish that I could go back and tell my child (or my grandchild) the story!  It's a wonderful book and I will be sure to share it with others 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, and it's not just for the children.  It's great for everyone.  If you like children's books, read this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would say this is the best book I have read to date. I enjoyed reading the stories and seeing the artwork.   It is an excellent book for anyone who is new to painting or is new or aspiring to learn the art of painting.  The illustrations are a wonderful compliment to the story, the concept and the techniques of the painting.I especially enjoyed seeing the pictures of the various paintings and how they looked in color. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fantastic book that will inspire your child to be a healthy and happy child. I read it in the third grade and found it very helpful and inspiring. It also helped me to explain to my teacher why I was getting so depressed and anxious.  I now wish I had this book in my library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book and am looking forward to the next installment.  The main idea is that we all need to understand the true meaning of the Bible and to learn to accept the authority of God in all aspects of our lives 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will keep you occupied for weeks 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was absolutely wonderful. It is a beautiful story. It has many great ideas that I will use in my classes.  The writing is excellent. The plot is very interesting. I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes to read a good story.  It has all the elements that I need to help make my own story. The characters are so well developed and the themes are very real.  I will be reading this book again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very easy to read and easy to understand.  The pictures are great and I really enjoyed reading this book.  It was a great idea to put all the recipes into one book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author, John McCutcheon, is a great writer. This book was a little out of the ordinary in that it was more focused on the lives of individual people than on the larger picture. But it was still a very interesting book.  The stories of the characters are so interesting that you get to know them so much more than just a group of people. The characters are real and not just names on a page.  A good book for anyone who enjoys reading about different people.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed reading this book and found it to be a great source of information and advice for beginning and intermediate level athletes.  I think you will find this book is a great addition to your library.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will be a wonderful resource for new and older writers.  The stories will be as original as ever and it will provide a wonderful framework for those new to writing.  It is full of practical tips to make your writing more successful and also as a way to learn from other writers. If you are new to the world of writing, this is a wonderful book to start with 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic.  If you haven't read it, I would encourage you to do so 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been an absolute lifesaver for my students.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a huge help for me. It was really easy to read, and very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been an absolute revelation to me! I read the first couple chapters and I was hooked! I want to read it all in order to learn how to be a better parent! It's the best book I've ever read.  The author makes it easy to understand and apply the concepts and concepts to your life.  You'll find that you are applying these concepts to all areas of your life! The book is so easy to read that I would recommend it for the beginner! It is also very practical! The chapters are simple and to the point! They are great for the busy parent! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was fantastic.  It was a great gift for my son and I.  I am really pleased that he has been able to learn so much in so little time.  The stories were great and so were the pictures 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've just finished reading all of these stories, and they've all been so vivid and entertaining. I have a great many more stories to read in this book.  But it's one of the best books I've ever read!  I hope that all of you enjoy reading these as much as I did 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an introduction to a vast array of topics from a variety of areas.  It covers everything from basic biology to botany, zoology, and wildlife to the history and art of architecture.  I highly recommend it for the serious student, or even for anyone who is curious about something they have never seen before 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a true treat for me.  The stories were beautiful and the writing was beautiful.  I enjoyed the story of "The King of the Wild Frontier" very much.  There are many stories in this book.  However, the first story "The Little Red Dog" by Ray Egan was the highlight of the book. "The Dog" tells the story about a dog who becomes lost in the wilderness and is saved by a brave boy.  This story is a wonderful story, and the boy is a good story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book covers many different topics. The first section covers basic techniques with a little more detail in the second.The third section focuses on a few of the more common forms of mouthing. The fourth section covers the various methods of opening with a tongue. The fifth section gives some tips on how to learn how to mumble without becoming a chaperon.The sixth section is a review of some of the moulish tools in use.The seventh section covers some of those techniques in more detail.The eighth section is an introduction to how to practice.The ninth section is another review of mumbling.The tenth section covers how to do some simple exercises.The eleventh section is how to open moutes in a more general sense.The twelfth section deals with how to hold your tongue and how to manage your voice.The thirteenth section is the final section. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoy this book.  It covers many different topics from beginning to advanced.  I particularly like the sections on aromatic plants.  For example, this book contains an extremely helpful discussion on the various ways to grow wild mushrooms in a garden.  The book is also great for beginner mushroom growers!  It is full of recipes and tips to help new mushroom growers along!  If you are new to mushroom growing, this is a great book.I do recommend that you buy this book when you first decide to try mushroom growing.  This book will help you through the first several mushroom plants and provide you with valuable information to help you with future plants.You will learn all about growing mushrooms and will also be provided with a variety of mushroom seeds to help plant your mushrooms!The book is a little pricey at $18.95 but if you are on a budget this is one of the best things you will ever read about mushrooms!  I recommend it to new mushroom plant growers as well as those of you who are experienced.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book very helpful.  I was very impressed by how well it explained what an American Indian thought about her cultural heritage.  There were a lot of facts that I had never known before.  In addition, it was a great book to have to refer to when I needed to understand a more complex concept or figure.  The author had a great ability to write and explain the book in an understandable manner.  It's not perfect but I feel it is a great addition to the Native American literature library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a teacher at a high school and my students love this book.  I used to be a high-school teacher and I am so glad I read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just read the book.  I am so glad I did.  It is very well done and extremely well thought out.  This is an excellent book for anyone who loves to travel and has the desire to learn about foreign cultures and cultures that are not easily accessible to the average American.  You'll have a great time learning some interesting and wonderful culture and history.  The stories and the images are very well presented.  If you are interested in visiting a new country, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very informative and enjoyable. It covers everything from how to get a positive book review to creating your own personal business to marketing your book. It is an excellent book for those who are looking to improve their marketing skills or those who need some extra help to start their own book business. I would recommend this book to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was interesting and funny.  I am a big fan of this author.  He has a knack for humor and has made some great books. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most complete treatment of this subject I have seen. It has all the answers, all the questions and the answers are in fact the questions. The book was written with a lot of attention to detail.  You'll find yourself learning a lot from the author, you'll have a lot to say to your professor/university professor and you'll be a lot more confident in the future because of it.  I'd give it a 5 stars 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very helpful for me and my husband.  I really enjoyed the story of how he and his wife decided to be open to their feelings about marriage.  It helped me to put some of the ideas I have been holding onto for a long time.  The "I Love You" chapter was one of the most beautiful pieces of writing I have ever read.  We have now made a decision to remain married, and we both feel great!  I can't say enough good things about this book, and I hope it gives some of you some of your own courage to do the same 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many books about the Holocaust and I have always found them lacking.  The book is well written and well presented.  It is a must read for anyone who is interested in the Holocaust.  I recommend this book highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book I have read in years.  It is truly a love story.  I will never read another novel.  In fact, I have already started reading the next book.  There is so much to learn from this book.I think it was written in the late 1980's, but I have not been able to locate the book on the Internet.  You can get it by going to www.amazon.com and searching for "Mary and Joseph".  I would definitely buy this book if I knew how to read it.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book and one that is very difficult to put down.  It's a great example of a true "how to" book, and it is great that so many people have found it so useful.  I have taken it with me when I am going on a canoe trip and I would not be at all disappointed if I had to do it again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a big fan of the book and have bought many copies for family and friends.  This book is great and has helped many children, parents and teachers 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful read, filled with great information and great pictures, all of which I wish I had written a few years ago.  It is not an easy read, but if you are looking for a good overview of some of the most important techniques in photography, then this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. It will take you through all the important concepts in electronic device design.  It is very concise, easy to read, and well illustrated.  You will also learn some very useful techniques and tips that will help you get started.  The book also provides great advice on how to get started in your electronic device designs.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very well written and it is a wonderful addition to the growing collection of great books by my husband.  We both like the book, but have been meaning to get together for months to discuss it.  It is a very informative book and covers many topics which are sometimes not as well covered by books.  I recommend this book highly to anyone who is looking for a book on the topic of the Great Depression 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic. It's a wonderful book. I would recommend this book to anyone  looking to learn about Islam and the Islamic faith.  If you are looking for a book that is both entertaining and informative  I highly recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best introduction to any of the major issues facing our society today. It's comprehensive, comprehensive.  The book begins with a description of the state of the economy, how it was at the beginning of the last recession, and then explains the financial problems we are facing today, the impact on the economy and the government.  It covers all aspects of the problem.  In the end, the book is a clear, simple, concise, and simple-to-understand introduction to the issues and a roadmap to the future 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a beautiful collection of essays and reflections from some of the most insightful and insightful thinkers of our time, including a number of philosophers who are not always comfortable with the word "atheist".  If you want to know what the atheists think and why they don't believe in God, read this book.  If not, read the "Atheist Manifesto" 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  I wish I had known what I was missing in elementary school and was so much more excited when I discovered it.  It covers many different topics and provides some great insight into why we do what we do.  My favorite was the art history of the ancient world.  The illustrations are beautiful.  They really capture the essence of the art.  As an adult I feel as though I know more about art than I did as a child.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The story of a man's life is the greatest thing in the world.  It can be difficult to keep track of all the twists and turns of his life, but with the help of this book it will all be easier 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most popular books on Japanese culture and it is great to see how well written and illustrated it is.  It gives a great insight into Japanese culture.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great! The subject of the book is not that important but the techniques and the pictures are very interesting and will help you in your search for that special man that you are looking for 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book and very inspiring. I am teaching my son and his friends how to use the Word of God 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I've read on the subject of Jewish law.  I would recommend it to all students and attorneys.  It is a wonderful, concise overview of the legal rules concerning Jewish law in America.  There are many books written on this subject, but this is the most comprehensive.   I recommend it highly to anyone interested in the subject. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book.  I read it for my students and loved it!  I would highly recommend it to everyone.  It's a wonderful mix of history and personal experiences.  The stories are a little different, but it's interesting to hear the different stories from different people.  This book is a wonderful way to learn about the culture and history of this country.  You will learn a lot about the American Indians, but also a lot of history on other parts of the country. The pictures are beautiful, and the stories are interesting.  My students are very excited to read this book and I am sure they will find something they like to read next year.  Don't miss this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm an aspiring book designer, and this book is an excellent resource for designing book cover art for book design projects.  This book is a great addition to the already excellent book of information provided by the book publisher.  I highly recommend this book to book designers who need a quick reference to help with their book design work 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most informative books I have ever read on how to make a money.  You learn how to deal with a financial crisis with your personal finances.  I recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn how not to be so poor 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a true gem and a very useful guide to the history of music.  The history of this wonderful art form has been so well known that it has been quite a challenge for a general audience to keep up with the current developments in the music world.  So, in this book, the reader will be able to understand what all the fuss is about in the world of music and it will be a great resource for those interested in the art form 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that I recommend to everyone. It is written very eloquently and offers a wonderful insight into some of the most important events that took place during the Spanish Inquisition. The book also gives a great account of some of its most famous inquisitors, and a very realistic account of the events that led to the destruction of Spain.The book also contains some very insightful historical commentary and a lot of information that can be applied to your own life and situation 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an invaluable resource for understanding the basic principles of money management.  It is very practical and easy to understand.  The chapters cover basic money management topics such as asset allocation, cash flows, stock options and futures, etc.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn the basics of money and wealth management 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very funny and insightful book.  Very funny and very insightful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful for my first book of Jungian Psychology.  I have used many of the examples in this book and have come to like them quite a lot 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  The book provides the basic information to understand what you can do to make a difference in your child's life.  This book will be an invaluable resource for you and your child.  I am very glad that I found it so easily accessible and understandable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book! I love it! I am so glad that it is out of print.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for both beginner and advanced readers to learn about how to cook and how to make great meals in a very simple and healthy manner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very well written, thought provoking, and well researched.  It is a must read for anyone who has never read an Ayn Rand book.  You will find many of the ideas that you would read in her work in this book.... It will help you to understand the philosophies of Rand and her followers.  If you want to know what Ayn Rands are up to, read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing. It explains many different forms of finance, how they affect each other, and how to protect yourself. I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I've read so far!  It's full of great insights into the inner workings of the human mind, from the very beginnings of life to the present day.  I recommend this book highly to anyone who has questions about the mind or who has been struggling with an addiction or an eating disorder.  If you are a professional trying to help a patient with these issues, this book will certainly help you!  I'm currently working on a book that will be based on the book by Dr. Richard Davidson and will discuss some of the findings and theories in this book and how it may help others 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The title is quite fitting for a book on an important topic. This is a must-read for anyone who loves a good electronic device and wishes to learn more about the inner workings of the PC, and to hopefully save a few of their precious memories. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had always wanted to read this book.  Now I have!  A good book to keep if you are in need of a little inspiration.  I enjoyed the characters, and I enjoyed learning a little bit about their life.  The stories were interesting and enjoyable.  All of the characters were well-developed and very likable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been teaching and reading for over 15 years now.  I find myself returning to this book regularly.  The book is full of excellent information.  It is a great addition to the "greatest book ever written" series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been a fan of Ayn Rand's work since I was a little girl.  I have also read several of her short stories.  Her prose is always brilliant.  In fact, I've enjoyed her work over and over again.  But I must confess, I have never read her work, "The Aynorion of Melancholy" by Ayn Waldman.  The story is written as a novel, but it is so, so much better than the stories I have read before.  It is a great story that has a great ending.  Ayn's characters are so relatable.  She has created a believable, sympathetic, yet complex, and compelling heroine.  And, most importantly, her characters feel real.  This is a story that I can't wait to read.  One of my favorite novels ever!  The characters are truly likeable, the plot is compelling, and the world of Melanctyon is breathtaking!  I'm sure I will enjoy this story as much as I enjoyed "The Fountainhead", "The Time Machine", "Ayn Rand" and "Galt's Gulch" by the late Ayn Rands.  Thank you Ayn!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book many times and I am very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a good read, not too long but it covers the basics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been reading books by Nancy Niven for a long time. I am always looking for something new to read. I thought I might try a story about the history of the New York subway system. This is a must read for anyone who enjoys New York. The history is fascinating and the writing is excellent. It is a joy to read this book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book has a lot of insight, history, and advice. I especially enjoyed the advice on how to make a positive book review: If you read this book, keep in mind that there is a difference between good book review and excellent book review. The book is very readable and easy to read.  If you don't have time to read it, just get the book and go for a walk 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book, very informative, with lots of photographs. The information is easy to understand and makes it easy to look for recipes for many common dishes. The recipes are written in a manner that they can be eaten quickly and easily, with no need to cook for too long or spend too much time in the kitchen.  I recommend this book for anyone wanting to know where to find recipes to cook.  The book is full of recipes that can be cooked in an average home oven 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book I have ever read. It gives great insight on the subject. I have been trying to understand this for the past several years.  I love the book and have used it as an example of how I am learning the topic.  It is very concise and does not go into a lot of detail.  But this book is worth reading.  You will get a better understanding of this topic than most books do.  There are a few words that can be difficult to understand, but you will be able to read them and understand them very easily.  If you want a book that explains how to manage your money, this is the book for you.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful book.  It is the most comprehensive and well-organized history of the world.  I love reading it.  For me it is like the Bible.  The history of Rome, Greece, and Egypt are all laid out.  They are presented as a story and not just an explanation.  Each country has its own story.  Rome, Athens, Egypt, etc.  As you read through you will see the connections between them.  You will also see the many nations that have influenced each other and the different peoples they have influenced.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book, it is just so helpful.  It is very easy to understand and has helped me to learn more about my past.  I have shared it with a few people and they all love it.  If you have a long term relationship with a difficult person then this book is definitely worth buying 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic. It's an excellent reference book for your own research. The photographs are a great visual aid and are complemented by the stories which provide an excellent description of the history and customs of various parts of the country. I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was in college and did not know much about the history of jazz.  This book, however, was extremely helpful.  The authors have put together an incredible history of the early jazz. I have found it very informative, and I recommend it to everyone who is serious about jazz. If you are new to jazz, I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a big fan of "The History of the American Indian", which by the way is not a "classic".  However, "Native American" by Mark Twain is very good and I'm glad I had this book in my library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent introduction to one of the most complex topics in contemporary American society.  The author is an extremely knowledgeable and insightful contributor to the subject matter.  He provides a wealth of practical advice to the reader 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great book for anyone wanting to learn more about the English language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I've read this year.  I'm a student in economics at a small liberal arts college and I wanted to read something that is not just a summary of the latest papers.  This book was perfect.  The book is well organized, and the information is clearly presented.  It is clear that the authors are not trying to be too technical or too hard to understand, they are just giving you the data and the numbers and the analysis.  There is a lot of information in this book and it is well presented 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful book, full of practical tips and examples.   The first section covers the basic tools that you need to start a new book: choosing a book, editing the book, printing, binding, etc.  Then in the second section you get into more specific topics.  For example, you can see how to use a digital device to write and print book pages, how to choose a good binding, and even a tutorial on how to create bookmarks.  The third section gives some more basic information on editing and formatting the book.  I think it would be a great book for an introductory book in the bookbinding industry, or just someone who wants to learn the basics.  It is a great starting point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been reading this book for years and I still haven't found any other work on the subject that I find more inspiring. I was looking for something new to teach my children. I found it in this book.  It is a book that has the power to turn your children into better readers 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I read as an adult.  It is a wonderful book and very enjoyable.  I have been wanting to get into martial arts for so long and this was a great way to learn.  There are so many examples of techniques and movements and I really like the "rules" aspect.  One thing I wish there were more examples of was the "dance of the iron".  It was very interesting to watch and the idea of using a stick with an iron head on it to deflect a blow was quite interesting.  The book has a lot of history and information about the art and also a few pictures.  Great book to learn from and a great book for beginners 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a part of a graduate course on the life of George Washington.  I was surprised to learn that the book was so comprehensive.  The writing is superb, the story is engaging and the research is thorough.  If you are considering becoming a history professor, this is a great resource.  It would be helpful to those looking for an overview on the presidency.  This book will provide you with a great place to begin. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book I've ever read. It was an eye-opening and very informative book. I really enjoyed reading the book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely fantastic! I've had this book for quite a while now and I just love it.  It's an amazing resource for anyone interested in helping you become a better coach and student.  I love that the book is so approachable.  You can get a lot of insight into the world of coaching and the process of learning the game.  This is a great book for anyone looking to improve their coaching.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so well written and gives you everything you need to know about your dog to be happy.  You can use the information in this book to help you train your dog, to get your dog a better quality of life, to keep your dog healthy, to learn more about how to keep a dog healthy and happy. I think it's a wonderful book for anyone who is looking to help a dog get more comfortable with people 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book to learn from and to share with the other children in my class. It is also a good reference book to the other parents and teachers to be able to share what we have learned and not only how to deal with our child's problems but also how to talk to our child and to understand what is happening in our child. I think it would be very helpful to parents and educators in our community who have experienced problems or questions with their child's behavior.  The book has lots of ideas for parents and children to do some things to help each other.  I hope you will use this book in your classroom 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. I have not seen much of what I would call the "greatest" or "most important" book, yet the author has done a great job in covering such a vast range of topics.  I hope that his other books will be equally as helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great example of the new ways to use the Bible. It is also a great book to read and share with others.  I found it very helpful as a teenager to learn about the Biblical interpretation and I'm still learning new things with it today.  This is a must read for anyone wanting to be informed about what the Bible really teaches.  The author really goes into great detail in this book and it really makes you think 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a classic. It is a great introduction to some basic information about what is involved in running a successful book business.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to learn more about book publishing, how to evaluate the book market, and how to negotiate a fair price for the book they produce.  It's an excellent book for anyone wanting a simple overview of book publishing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first book in this series is a great introduction to the book and I highly recommend it.  The rest of the books in the series have been a real pleasure to read.  I have a huge amount of fun reading these and am so glad that I have had such a positive response to the first book.  This is a wonderful series that has given me a great overview of the art form and is such a great book to share with others 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book. It gave us an insight into the life of a successful woman. It was very informative and enjoyable to read. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book to be incredibly informative.  I have never read anything like it before, and I have loved it.  This book is very thorough in its coverage of the subjects and topics that many people are not familiar with, and it is definitely worth reading if you have no clue about what these things are.  However, it does not have an overly strict style.  Many of the pages could be read in one or two or even three sentences, without much hesitation, because it is so easy to understand.  It is also quite readable and well written 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a book to help you develop a positive outlook on your life, read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is one of the best books I have read in a long time! I have seen this book written by many other writers and have read them all, but never did I read a more compelling book on the subject of the Jewish people. The book covers the basics of Judaism and the Jewish identity of Jews in a way that really is helpful. I found the book to be the most helpful in my quest for Judaism. I would recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. The author presents the history of the Church through a modern lens. This is a very interesting read, especially for the general reader who is unfamiliar with Church history. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I have read that I can truly say that I am completely in agreement with. I am not sure I agree with everything else, but I agree that this is a great book.  It really explains things quite well.  The story is really quite interesting, and you will not regret reading this, if you are interested in learning more about the subject.  I do hope you will consider giving this book a read, as it is not easy to find information about the topic on the internet.  Don't be afraid to ask a few questions, if there are any.  This book is not an easy read, but it will get you started on the right track 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read all the books of "The Children" and "The Sisters" and they are very good, very funny, and very touching, and I want more!  I am now trying to get my children to read "The Brothers", because I am tired of being told by my son "that's all there is to it.  He is a child, that's all he knows, and he'll be OK  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book provides a very detailed account of the history of Freemasonry. It provides some of the most basic information on the origins of the fraternal organization. The book also contains some of my favorite historical anecdotes about Freemasonry and the history that it has had in the last century. I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had been looking for a book like this for a long time.  It has everything I've ever wanted to know about this wonderful country.  I especially like the information about the history of this place and the people.  The photos are beautiful.  They bring back memories and I want to stay here forever 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a beautiful book, I love the story and the characters, and the author is brilliant 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is truly inspiring.  We all want to do more but don't know how.  Don't be afraid of doing what you love or learning a new skill, go for it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book that I wish I had found a long time ago. It was my first book, and I really enjoyed it. It is an interesting story, with some funny scenes. However, it is not overly violent, and it does not make a big deal of the killing of a woman.  I am surprised that the book was so controversial at the time it was published, but it certainly was not a case of one person deciding to kill another. It seems to me that the reason this book was such a hit was because it had the word "war" in the title. I am a pacifist, but I am not stupid. I do not know how it happened, but the title of the book could easily have read "War Kills" or something equally provocative. The title does not hurt, but you will learn a great deal about the killing in this book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to learn some new techniques, this book is for you.  This book is the first book on the subject I have read, and I am very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for those who are new to the world of electronic device design.  It covers basic electronics theory, circuit design and layout, and some basic wiring techniques.  This book has been very helpful for those of us who do not have a formal electrical engineering degree, but are interested in electronic device development.  If you are new and have no background in electronics, this book is for you!  It is a great book and the information contained within is very helpful.  The book does contain a few errors however, as I found out during my first reading.  I corrected the errors and the book was a great success!  The next time I read the book I would like to see the corrections made to the errors.  There are too many to correct, however, I would recommend printing the book in a book format for easier reference.  For example, if you are looking for circuit boards, I think this book would be helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like the classic "What is a good electronic device?" question, this book is for you! This is the best book I have read in a long time and I am really looking forward to reading it again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of useful tips for anyone who wants to improve their golf game.  You will learn everything you need to know about how to improve your game on the golf course.  The book also covers a lot of strategies for those who play more than one round per week.  I have learned a lot from this book.  It is a great book and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very interesting read. It gives an insight into some of the more interesting things that have happened in this world. The book is in chronological order, so I will do that myself and will hopefully update it later. It's an excellent book and I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very interesting and the author has done an excellent job of making it understandable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with the author on the fact that many young children have a tendency to be very fearful of spiders.  However, what I love about this book is the pictures.  The pictures in this book are very interesting.  We know what a spider looks like, but the pictures are so beautiful and realistic that children don't even need to be scared to read the story.  I highly recommend this book for children and parents alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a very nice book, easy to read, but the story was very interesting. It was not overly complex, but it had the feel of a real adventure. I really enjoyed it. I will definitely pick up the next book in the series, which is "The Devil's Road", as I like to read a little more in depth. The story is a little slow, but if you want to learn a bit more about the history of the Devil's Country, I think it's worth the read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I've read in a long time that has really put me back into the genre I loved growing up. I've been a fan of "Hook" since I was a teenager, but I never thought it was possible for such a young reader to really understand what the book was trying to say. I read this as a gift for my mother, and she was amazed at the amount of depth I found in the characters. I really enjoyed the story, the characters, the concept, and the overall theme. It was great, and I was surprised at how many people who I thought would have no interest in reading such a story actually enjoyed it. I'm glad I read it. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is great. I was in New Orleans for a while and read it over and over again. It really hit home with me. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read all the biographies of the Beatles, but this one stood out for me.  It's not just about the songs and the songs themselves, but also the people who were around the Beatles and the music they made.  I've been a long-time fan of the band, but I wanted to know who they were and what they thought.  The songs are great, but the biographical material, as well as the anecdotes, make this book worth the price.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was first introduced to this book in an introductory psychology class.  I've read it several times since then.  It is one of the best books I've ever read on personality.  If you are struggling with personality, this book will help you through the process.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is an excellent book and will be a great help to the children of any age 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read the book and then the book was just so much fun.  It was a wonderful adventure to follow the characters from the book.  The writing was brilliant and I think that the characters really got into the spirit of the story.  I would recommend the book for anyone who is looking for a good fantasy book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fascinating story. It is a must-read for anyone who is looking to learn more about the true meaning of marriage. If you like this book, then you will like my previous book, " The Art of Love", which deals with the other side of marriage 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the definitive guide for beginners to the Cajun cooking world.  I love it!  I will recommend it to all Cajuns 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been one of my personal favorites for quite some time.  I know many people like this book as well and I know there are others who enjoy it too.  What makes this book so good is that the writer takes the reader on an amazing journey from being a young girl to an adult woman.  In this journey, the writer tells her story and gives us some insight as to what it is like to be a woman.In the beginning, we learn that we have many of the same physical characteristics as men.  From the very beginning, it is very clear that there are many of these characteristics that make women attractive.  But before the first half of the book is over, the reader learns the details of what it means to be male and female.  For example, there are some things that we don't see that men do.  We don't talk about these things in the book, but there are also some things we do.The first half is dedicated to the first two chapters of the first chapter on what it takes to be attractive. This chapter teaches the reader that it is possible to be beautiful and still be attractive by changing your life.  It is also taught that it takes a long time and work to become an adult female and to become a male.The second half is devoted to the second half of this book, which teaches the listener how to be an adult male and what it really means to love.  The second half teaches the audience that the first thing we should do when we love is to forgive and forget.  As the reader is taught in this book how to love, it gives her some insight into her past life. It gives her insight into what it would mean to love someone who does not love her.The author's story is very interesting and it has given me great joy as a reader.  She tells her readers that we all have different characteristics and it is important to learn who you are so that you can be happy with who you really are.  One thing that I have learned is that we are all different.  There is no "one size fits all" approach when it comes to being a man or a woman 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing.  It is the most well written book I have read in a long time.  The stories were very well written and I enjoyed reading them.  I hope this book will be a guide for young adults.  If you are thinking about marriage or getting married this book may be a helpful guide 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It's a great way to learn some important information.  You can really learn a lot by looking at some pictures of the human body.  Also, it gives you some basic facts that are actually very useful.  A lot of people can't see how the kidneys function.  This is an easy way to get started 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic for a lot of reasons.  It is so much fun to read and it gives you a lot to think about.  You will see that there are many things you never knew before and it makes it easy to learn new things.  I think it is the best book I have ever read.  The story of the evolution of the American continent and the peoples that made the continent what it is today is fascinating.  If you are looking for a quick read on the continent, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a first year graduate student of the humanities in English and am currently studying a dissertation on Shakespeare.  I loved this book.  It was very well organized and presented in an accessible manner.  However, it is very much of a work in progress, so it is not comprehensive.  As an undergraduate I used to spend time in Shakespeare's library and this book was a very useful resource for those studies.  The first chapter was particularly helpful for me as I needed to know a few basic facts about the history of the playwright.  For instance, it explains the relationship between Shakespeare's plays and other plays by other writers, such as William Shakespeare's sonnets.  Shakespeare's father, who was the first to translate Shakespeare's work into English, also used to write plays, and many of Shakespeare's early plays have survived.  In the second chapter Shakespeare explains his life story and it is a great read, especially for those of us who are interested in learning more about Shakespeare and his life.  There are also a number of essays on various topics of interest such as "Shakespeare's Philosophy", "Shakespeares Quotations", "Quotations from Other Authors", "English Grammar", "Proverbs", "Rhetoric", "The Art of Literature", "Aristoteles", "Philosophy", and "How Shakespeare's Works Differ from Our Own".  I would recommend this book to all who would like to learn more about the playwrights and also for those who would enjoy a more basic introduction to Shakespeare's works 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  I was not surprised when it came out.  The book is a joy to read.  It is a wonderful book for young readers to be guided by.  If you are not sure what a fable is then just go and read the fables in the book and you will be amazed.  You will be able to relate to many fables which are different than what you normally read and this will be wonderful for you.  However, you will also learn to understand what fables are.  This is a good thing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very well written. I have a lot of questions, but the information is very helpful.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was absolutely amazing.  I really enjoyed reading it.  The stories were so well told, that I was just getting into the book, when it stopped.  It was that beautiful.  There were many stories that I just couldn't believe that I had never heard of before.  One story in particular, "The Case of the Misfortunate Soul", really caught my attention.  So many times when I read that story, I thought to myself, "wow, I never knew that such a thing could happen 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read a lot of books on psychology and have always been interested in learning about people who have trouble communicating with each other.  The information in this book is great!  I particularly liked the chapters on self-esteem and empathy.  I hope others will read this book as well.  It's a great book for the beginner.  This is a must for anyone who wants to learn how to communicate with someone who is a bit difficult to understand.  If you like to read and talk about psychology, this is a great start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm an adult woman who has struggled with my own sexuality for many years.  This book is so helpful.  The chapter that I really enjoyed was the section on the difference between the "big" and "little" boys.  It is so refreshing to see so much information that I never thought I needed to know.  I hope you all will read this book as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book and has taught me a lot of things 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm not a fan of mystery fiction, but I read a lot of mystery novels. This is the best mystery I've read in ages.  It's got a fantastic plot, amazing characters, and great suspense.  I have a couple of questions, though.  First, what's with the big, red "A" for "Amazement?"  I thought it was an adjective, and not a noun.  But it is, it's an adjective!  Second, it doesn't seem to me that the killer had a good motive.  If he wanted to kill the woman who helped him steal money and food, wouldn't it be easier to just shoot her?  I think the killer is either very stupid or very lucky.  The "M" stands for "magnificent" and I really hope the killer gets a chance to prove himself.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for anyone interested in this topic.  I think it was written well and has a good amount of information.  The information is in chronological order.  You will learn a lot about different countries from what is happening right now in one country.  It is written in a very understandable way.  But the best part of the book is the pictures 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone who enjoys this sort of book.  The story is told from the point of view of each character as they try to solve a murder.  This book will keep you on the edge of your seat as you wonder what would happen if they failed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most comprehensive work of fiction I have ever read. It is very funny and touching and beautifully written. I will certainly be re-reading this for years to come 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read a few of these essays and thought they were excellent.  I was so happy to see more in the same vein, so I bought it and started reading it.  It's a wonderful book, full of wonderful insights, and the ideas are well presented.  The most important thing is to not be afraid to change one's mind, as so many others seem to do, and to be confident in your ideas.  Don't let anyone tell you otherwise 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's very easy to be intimidated by the book but it is well worth it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great for anyone who is just starting out on a quest to learn about electronic devices and the internet.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get started on this adventure 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so excited when I read this. I was a college student who had a big book of poems that I wanted to learn more about. I didn't know anyone who knew the poems.  The first poem I read was "The Nightingale".  I learned so much about the poet, his life and his poems. I will be so happy when I have more time to learn and write about the poems 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book so many times.  I love the stories and the characters and the plot twists and the drama!  If you want a great book that will give you all the information you need to know and keep you on the edge of your seat, this is it.    If not, then read something else.  The author has created a unique, compelling story that will keep you awake and thinking 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  It has been a big help for me.  I have found the books of the same name, and have read them, as a form of self-defense.  This book gives the basic info that can be used to help with the more difficult ones.  The author has done a good job with this, and I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been a huge help to me for my son's first year of college.  We are now trying to write our own college guide for our daughter 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very well written. The book also was very helpful for students.  I found that I needed to look at it every year. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a history teacher and this book is really very good.  I read it in high school and it really helped me with my class!  I recommend it to anyone who loves history and is interested in learning about it.  The book is very clear and makes it easy to follow.  It provides some really useful information on history and a nice look into the past.  This book is great for teachers or students.  If you are a history student or teacher you would love this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am new to this genre, and this book was an amazing introduction.  The story is simple, and it was easy to understand.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking to learn about this genre.  If you haven't already, please read this, and then come back for The Art of Manliness 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an instant hit.   The story of the American Indian is a fascinating one.  The author has done a great job presenting the facts, and the pictures are beautiful.  It was a great book to read while sitting on the beach, or while taking a stroll on the shore.  I wish more people would read it.  But I can't recommend it highly enough.  If you are interested in Native American history, this is a must-read.  Don't worry, the story is not over yet! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read so far.  The book gives you a very different perspective on the events that happened on September 11, 2001.  From an American perspective, there is much to be learned from the story, but the story itself can be viewed from an international perspective.  If you are new to the story or to terrorism, this book can give you a great insight into what happened on 9/11 and also what could have been done to prevent this tragedy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very readable and informative book.  I will be keeping a copy of it for the future 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very useful guide for beginners. It teaches you basic Japanese grammar and vocabulary in an easy to follow format.  The book is organized in a step by step format and it covers all the vocabulary, grammar and conjugations needed for a beginner to be able to understand the basics.  It is easy to read and you can easily follow along and follow the grammar if you feel lost.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many of those books, and I've enjoyed them.  The one that stood out to me, was this one.  I found it very helpful in getting my mind around some of the concepts in life.  It helped me understand the concept of love and understanding what it is, what it means, and what it does to other people.  In addition, it has helped me realize that there are other people in the world besides me.  They are very special, and they deserve to be cherished, and not treated like a commodity to be bought and sold by others.  If you are in the same situation as I was, I recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is my first attempt to make sense of the book of Isaiah.  It gives you a great insight into the thoughts of a prophet, who believed that his word was God's word, to whom he had to direct all his followers.  However, I think the book is quite good.  I particularly like the section on the book's translation from Aramaic to Greek.  If you are looking for something to fill up your time, this book will fill you up 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful and it is very informative and enjoyable.  I love how the book is not only focused on the history of religion but also deals with the development of the various religions and the origins of the religions themselves 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book, with lots of examples to help people with their own finances.  There are many good ways to do financial planning 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a book by a former student of mine a couple of years back, and the information I gathered from it is still relevant today.  This book is very practical.  It's also a great introduction to statistics and data analysis for anyone who has never done it before.  The book is also a wonderful introduction to basic statistics.  There are sections on probability, statistics and statistics for different kinds of people.  These sections are written in a way that makes it very easy to understand and follow along.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone.  You will not only learn statistics, but you will be a better person for doing so 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to learn the basics of how to build a successful bookkeeping book, this book is for you.  I found it to be very useful and thought it would be helpful to other small business owners 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a very good introduction to the history of China.  This is my first book on Chinese history.  The first few chapters are a bit dry and boring.  But the rest of the book gives a good insight into the life and culture of the Chinese people.   I would suggest this book as a good first read for anyone who is not too familiar with Chinese history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very interesting and I would like to read more about the work of the monks and the history of the monasteries in the early Middle Ages.  There are many details about their religious practices, religious beliefs and customs, that I would love to learn more about 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was just what I needed to understand what it was like for me to move from one city to another. I had no idea the life and hardships I had to deal with while moving to a new city. I was completely shocked. I would not be where I am today without this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not just a collection of historical and economic data, but also an excellent guide to understanding the economic problems and trends of the United States.  The information is presented with a very clear and well thought out approach that helps the reader visualize the key trends and causes.  If you are a new reader, this book will keep you engaged until you understand the basic principles of American economics.  It will keep the reader very alert to the future problems and challenges of the country.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've ever read on how to play a chess game.  The book provides clear explanations for most chess openings, and it has many excellent diagrams.  If you are looking for an introduction to the openings, I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic example of how one can take an already existing text, and create something new and unique to it.  In this, the author does a great job of describing the book's content and giving it a fresh feel.  This is an excellent book for the casual reader and for the serious student of medieval literature.  It contains a wonderful history of the life of Jesus and some excellent new ideas and techniques to explore.  A must for anyone interested in Medieval literature 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book and it's just the perfect introduction to the wonderful world of the book.  This book is one of my personal favorites.  It is written in a way that can easily be understood.  The author writes in such a way as to be both entertaining and educational.  He writes at a level that most children can understand and it is clear to see that the author has done his homework.  I am grateful for this book and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys children's books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book and find it to be the best introduction to medieval studies.  It is short, easy to read and well organized.  I would recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book, great for anyone who has a little background in physics and would like to learn more about particle physics.  The book is divided into sections and covers the basics of different parts of the periodic table, from hydrogen to elements and isotopes.  There are pictures throughout, too, which makes it easy to read and understand.  I have learned a lot and am now excited to take my Physics 1 courses and learn more 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only negative review I have about this book is that it is not long enough! It is well worth the time spent to read this. The characters are well drawn and the plot twists and turns are thrilling. I would like to see more short stories by the same authors. I am hoping that this is the beginning of a series of short stories 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just what I needed to finish the book I started, and it's not that long, either 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my all time favorite books. It is full of ideas, recipes and ideas on how to make the perfect macaroon and make it even better! It is an easy book, not too complex, and not too boring! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for beginners. It is easy to understand, and it has useful tips and ideas for many different situations.  The first couple chapters are good for explaining the basics of how to do things, but they are not as specific as some of the other books I have read.  I recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn some basic information about their first electronic device.  It is very practical, and the information is presented in a way that is not confusing.  If you are unsure about anything in the book, ask a friend or look at a few of the links on the back page.  This book is great for anyone, new or old, who has a device that they want to learn how to use properly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a quick read that has lots of information to help people get a better understanding of a difficult topic. It is very well presented and understandable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a first time reader and you're trying to make sense of the meaning of the Bible, I would highly recommend this book. I found it incredibly helpful.  I feel the book does a great job helping to interpret what the Bible means, but it is not a book that provides all the answers 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a nice little story and very funny. I especially liked the references to "The Simpsons" and "The Big Lebowski" that came from the "Nanjing Saga". I will definitely have to read the whole book to understand the story. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful resource for all dog owners.  If you are thinking of adopting a dog, or are just starting to think about it, this book will help you make the best decision possible.  You will find some wonderful information about the dogs, and some interesting tips and advice for how to get your dog to be happy and healthy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book before I knew anything about The Secret Life of the Mind.  It is a wonderful insight into the psyche and an excellent example of the use of an art to achieve insights into the mind and human consciousness.  The book is an excellent introduction to the subject.  I have only read it once and I agree with everything the author says.  If you are looking for some new insight into your own mind then read this, if you are an interested in understanding human consciousness in general then you will like this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a great read for kids and adults alike.  This book is full of color pictures and lots of fun facts!  I would love to see it in schools across the country 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very informative, and it made it a lot easier to see the many ways that a dog can be dangerous. I have several pit bulls in my house. They are very well-trained, friendly dogs.  However, they are not necessarily safe when they are out at night. If you have a dog who is a "dangerous" dog, or one who has been aggressive, please do not get a pit bull. They will make you very uncomfortable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must have for anyone who wants to know the facts and the facts alone.  It is written in a clear, straightforward manner and gives an overview of all the facts.  This is a wonderful book, as I've read it several times myself.  A very helpful book for anyone wanting to know facts and what is the truth.  If you want to know what is going on with the UFO phenomena then this is a great book to have in your hand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have seen a lot of people rave about this book.  This is an excellent book.I am so glad I found it.  It is a very well written book. I would love to see a paperback edition of it.It is not only about the life of Jesus.  I would like to see some more information on his mother. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many books and this is the best.  I think it is the first time I have been able to read this story in its entirety.  The first thing that struck me was the characters.  They are so unique.  We don't see many people like these people.  It is really a pleasure to read about them.  In the end, the story ends in a way that I have not seen in other books.  This is what I really like about books.You will never see a more complete story than this one.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful.  It tells the story of a group of people that was on the brink of extinction, and why they survived.  In a way, this book is like a bible.  All the information that is given in the book is in there to be believed.  The story is told by several characters and is told in their own words.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think this book is one of the most interesting, informative and thought-provoking books I've read.  I particularly enjoyed the stories of the people who helped make it possible.  It's an excellent guide to help you decide how to donate to your local animal shelter.  If you're looking for an educational book, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have been living a life of poverty, you can't understand how difficult it is to make a positive change.  A positive review: I love this book.  It is one of the best ways to help yourself when you are struggling.  The advice is so simple and practical.  I would suggest this book for anyone who has any questions about finances, life, etc. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that I wish I had read when I first started in philosophy.  It is wonderfully simple and practical, and, most importantly, it is very accessible to both the beginner and the expert.  There are a few more formal texts, but they are more theoretical than practical, which makes it easier to digest and understand.  The first few chapters are fairly basic, but the rest are all the more interesting because they discuss more philosophical ideas, such as the existence of an object (existence), the idea of a non-physical reality (theism), etc.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to get started in Philosophy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for those who like to travel and who enjoy books like the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.  This book is not the usual "how to" book, it is more like a "how do I?" book.  A lot of great information is provided in this book.it is an awesome book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a newbie in the field of photography or even if you are an experienced photographer, this book will get you started on the right track!  The book gives great insight into the various steps you can take to improve your photographic skills.  It also provides many examples and tips on how to go about this in a safe and responsible manner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most complete book I have read on the subject of modernism. It provides an overview of the movement, its philosophy, its influences, and the influence of the modernist movements in other countries 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very surprised when I saw this book.  I am a big fan of Robert Fulghum and I am looking for a good one!  This book is really cool and a great addition to the Fulghums' other works.  The writing is very engaging and funny and the illustrations are beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an extremely useful guide to understanding the Bible.  It is an excellent way to introduce and understand the text of the Bible from a Christian perspective.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very interesting and very informative book that will help you understand the world of money. If you are not a very advanced financial person, this book is a great place to start. If not advanced, this is an excellent book to introduce to basic concepts like the capital markets. If this book can be used as a reference for further study by someone who is a bit more advanced in financial knowledge, then this book would be a real bargain.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really something different.  It is funny and it is very detailed but I believe it is the most comprehensive history of the Irish language ever written.  The book also contains several original essays by the author.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys Irish language. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really good and I recommend it for anyone who has read "The Joy of Cooking" and who is looking for some more recipes for entertaining.  It's a great introduction to some of the basics and you can also see the recipes in action and get a lot of ideas for your own meals.  I like the book because it does not just explain the recipes and make you a good cook.  The recipes are also illustrated with photographs and pictures that really capture the flavor.  You can see how much you can accomplish with just some basic ingredients.  If you don't have the patience to cook the recipes you will be disappointed.  But if you are looking for a good starting point and want to try out some recipes for yourself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very interested in this book.  It is written by an accomplished professor and his wife, who also have a Phd in the field of clinical psychology.  He discusses various aspects of this field in depth.  If you are an undergraduate or graduate student in psychology, this book will not disappoint.  The book is very informative and well-written 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for anyone who cares about the Middle Ages.  The descriptions are vivid, the details are well-done and the stories are fascinating.  If you have not read this book, I suggest you read it first.  It is a great story, filled with great characters, and the history and culture of the Middle East in this period is fascinating. This book is for anyone, no matter what age they are, who wants to learn more about the past.  I recommend this book for anyone interested in medieval history, religion or just for fun!  It has some of the most interesting stories ever written and has been used in many historical activities as a teaching tool 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful guide to understanding the differences between traditional and more modern styles of music.  It is a must-read for anyone who enjoys jazz and who has a little bit of interest in the topic.  The author is a native of New Orleans and has been playing for more than 30 years.  He brings a unique insight to the differences in style and technique.  I found the book very enlightening and enjoyable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of interesting anecdotes, some of which are new to me. It is also full of a very good guide for beginners to get started with some basic sewing techniques.  I have a small group of sewing friends who I taught a little about sewing.  It is a great book to use in class for beginners and has provided them with a wonderful project to start with. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for my college english class.  It was very interesting and helped me keep track of all the information I needed.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have not read many "how to" books. I was really excited to find a book that I could just get started and learn how to make it easier to do things in the kitchen. I had to have this book because I have to do so much more at work than I ever expected. I can do all kinds of things from cooking to prep and can even handle more complicated tasks like bread baking.  I really love this book.  The recipes are simple, easy to follow, and the information is very helpful. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to read for children, but I think it would be even more helpful for adults to read, if only for the information they get from the pictures.  I really enjoyed the pictures that show all kinds of different people.  If I had only a few more pictures in this book, I would have been able to tell you the names of my cousins, my grandparents, and my great grandfather.  It also has pictures that you can use to draw pictures of yourself.  The pictures are just beautiful!  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for information about their ancestors 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is extremely insightful and the information is concise.  The best book I have read in regards to understanding the psychology behind addiction.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who is trying to understand addiction. It is not too complex but very interesting.  If you want to know about addiction in detail, you will not find a better book on the topic than this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for any student of medieval history.  The book does a great job of giving an overview of a relatively short period in the history of England, from about 700 to 1300.  It is a great deal more than just a quick look at the various accounts and records.  Many of the accounts are fairly recent, and the information is not easy to locate, but the overall flow of the book is great.  There is plenty of information for further reading and more research.  Great book!  I especially liked the section on the medieval market and the influence of foreign trading companies on English life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book that covers all aspects of the story.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book after hearing about the "Bestselling Author" and author of The Art of Happiness, Steven Covey, speaking at the National Spiritual Gathering in San Diego. I am a big believer in the power of spirituality and in the message of the book. I also believe that this is an important book for both adults and children to read. I would suggest it for anyone who would like to take a look at what Steven Coveys life has taught him and what he has learned since he was a child. I believe it to be a great book and I believe that anyone who reads it will get something out of it that they may not get from just reading the book or reading the interview. I will read it with my child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first in a series of books that will introduce you to the world of electronic device engineering.  In this book, I will be introducing you to each part of the electronic device.  You will learn about basic components like resistors and capacitors, as well as the basic operation of the device. You will also learn about the various ways in which the device can be used.  It will also explain how to determine the device's characteristics.  This book will help you learn about a very important and important subject.  Hopefully, this book will be a great tool to introduce you and your engineering friends to this very interesting and challenging topic.  I would highly recommend this book to any engineer or hobbyist looking to learn more about electronic device construction 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic guide to the history of medieval Europe. Very readable, informative, and full of great pictures. If you are interested in European history you can't afford not to buy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very comprehensive.  It's a quick read, but I found the information very useful.  The photos are a great visual aid.  There are some short essays as well as the information on the various species is helpful and enjoyable to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really cool and a great way to get a lot of information about a small town.  I have a lot more to say about the history of the town, but this book will help you to understand how the town started.  It gives you the facts to back up the story you are reading.  There is not a lot to say.  If you have an interest in the history and geography of an American town, this is a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I would recommend for anyone who is interested in reading or writing a positive book: a wonderful book.  I would definitely suggest it to anyone who could use some help with their ideas.  It was fun and easy to read.  You really get to see the process of writing and you get a lot of ideas for the characters, the world and the plot.  The book is a must for anyone interested in writing.  This book can be used as a guide for your story or it can be a great book to use as a tool to learn how to write a positive story 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book several times and it is just as great as I had hoped. I really enjoyed the story of the child and his mother who are separated. It has all the details I need and the best way I can describe it is that it is truly heartwarming. The mother, in fact, is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.The book is truly touching and it makes me realize just how much I would like to have had my own parents who would have loved me unconditionally. I think it would be wonderful if you could see how much you would love your own parents and just love them unconditionally 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a little nervous at first.  But after reading this book I felt comfortable with the subject matter.  The information provided in this book is the best I have found on the subject of Christian mysticism 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in college.  I have enjoyed it over and over again.  It is not a dry book.  The author presents a wealth of information on the subjects of religion and the supernatural, from basic principles to specifics.  There are numerous illustrations of a variety of topics, including a detailed account of the workings of the Vatican, and various other details of the church.  What sets this book apart from the others I have read, however, is the way in which the book is presented in a negative light.  This is because the author focuses on the evils of religion, rather than the good, as well as the ways in which religion can be reformed.  Religion, as it is presented here, has become an integral part of the fabric of society.  If people are to become more tolerant, they will have to accept religion as a part of society, as opposed to the view presented in this book. I would encourage you to purchase this book, as I do.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea of a book like this is genius.  It is a wonderful collection of stories that can be read by the entire family.  I had to keep turning pages to make sure I had all the information.  A great book, I would recommend it to all who enjoy reading.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful.  It was very difficult for me to decide on which books I would like to read first.  I was lucky to have this book.   It is not only a very good book, but a wonderful book.I like the story very much and I have not yet seen any other books that I think I would enjoy reading. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is well written and I highly recommend it for anyone who is new to yoga or who is wanting to get a feel for the fundamentals of yoga and how to practice it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read.  It really goes into detail on many different subjects such as relationships, marriage, children, and even death.   The book is full of practical advice and tips that will make your life better.  If you want to be a better spouse, you should read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful story and excellent book. It is full of wisdom and examples. The book contains the most comprehensive list of exercises for every aspect of your life.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for anyone who wants to learn some basic Japanese words!  It's in Japanese but it's not too hard to understand and the lessons are very helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have not read a lot of history books, but I enjoyed this one.  I think it is a wonderful historical account.  It includes lots of details and some historical background.  We know that the Americans have lost their colonies.  However, we do not know exactly how they lost them.  The book goes into great detail about the history of the United States, from the beginning of the colonies, through the American Revolution, and the Civil War.  This is a great book to read and understand the history and people of America.  My son was really excited about the American Revolutionary War. He read it to me before going to school and I thought it was very cool.  He is now in the Air Force and has done his duty as an American.  History is the best thing ever! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding collection of stories.  It is an excellent companion book for adults and children alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book in 2010.  I have since read it again and again.  Each time it has been an enriching and enlightening read.  The author is clearly an experienced author and has made a thorough study of the Bible.  However, it would be a travesty to dismiss this book as a work of pure fantasy.    I highly recommend this book for all who wish to know the history and details of the New Testament. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a budding author and looking to learn some basic writing techniques, this book is for you. The format is simple and the lessons are useful, but they will be harder to put into practice if you do not have a lot of experience writing. The book focuses mainly on the writing process and the process of writing a positive positive review is that this book teaches you how to keep the words positive 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for my book club and I must say it was amazing.  I will definitely be purchasing the rest of her books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a lot of books and was hoping for a more comprehensive, comprehensive overview of the subject.  A lot of good info in this book and it is a wonderful resource.  I think it would be helpful for anyone interested in this topic or anyone who needs some quick information.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea of how to make friends and make a good life are universal.  The book goes over many ways of how and what to do to make a friend in the  beginning of a new life, a positive and enjoyable one.  This book is very practical.  It teaches the basic steps that are required  to make your life more enjoyable.  Many are quite simple.  A good book to learn how to be happy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for all ages, all types of families and all levels of understanding.  It was very well written and very well illustrated.  I loved it.  There were many pages with pictures of the animals.  The pictures are beautiful and the story is very touching.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It is full of information, pictures and stories.  Great for those who are interested in this great book.  I recommend this book to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a huge fan of this book. It's got lots of advice, but also some great practical tips. I like the idea of a book on how to save money in your life.  I hope there are others out there like me who will take a chance on this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have a lot of time for my fellow writers, and I am glad to have found such a fine book as "How To Write A positive review: This book is a must have for anyone who writes a negative review about any book.  A must read for any writer who wants to improve their writing skills 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I think it's the best book I've read so far on the subject of religion. I really appreciate the fact that I am not the only one who thinks this way. It is also very funny. The author goes into great detail about how Christianity has changed over the centuries and is very informative.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who likes to learn more about religion. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea that we must teach our children the truth of life is a great idea, but I find this story of a young girl, Mary, who is lost, beautiful, and confused, and who is desperate for her mother to help her find her.  This story is very well written and is an excellent example of how to teach a child who is having a difficult time.  I really loved this story, but it wasn't long enough in length for me to finish it.  There were so many details that I felt like I had to know all of them before I could move on to the next story.  It is very easy to finish this book in a couple of days!  I found it very helpful, as well as inspirational, to have an explanation of the story to my daughter.  The first page of this story was the hardest for her to read.  Then she began to get past that and began to see that it was all about her and how she was struggling with the idea that she might be lost and that she needed help.  She is still struggling with this concept and is in the process of trying to figure out how to find her mother.  Although this story is not overly complicated, it does introduce the concept of life without a mother and also introduces the idea of "love".  I would love to see this story in a children's book because it is one that we can use to explain what love is.  We can teach our kids about love without getting into the confusing, but helpful, concepts of "not loving".  This is a wonderful story and it will hopefully keep them entertained and engaged 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone with children and/or parents who are new to this exciting field of children's books.  You will not be disappointed.  It is an absolute joy to see how children react to the joys and struggles of growing up.  The stories are funny and touching and always keep you wanting more 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very detailed and has lots of great information. It is very helpful for those of us who have to make a life decision in a few months. It gives us some insight and help with all the decisions. It does not mention any particular reason why a person would choose a religious life over a secular one.  It is not too detailed.  For those who want to know what to think and what to do, this book will answer all your questions 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been working on my second book and I have found myself looking at this book every chance I get.  I am very pleased with the book and the lessons it offers.  The book focuses on the topics of how to build a positive relationship with a dog and the importance of taking your dog for walks and how to keep a dog happy.  While the book does not delve into the topic of training or how to manage a dog, I found it to be very helpful for my own relationship with my dog.  It is a very helpful book for anyone who wants to learn how to handle a dog as well as how to deal with a negative dog 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a very positive review and very helpful.  The author has done a great job describing each of the seven major characteristics of a successful book.  Each one is quite well done, and in some cases, you can even see the first three characteristics (plot, characters, and theme) that make up the core of the book. You will find the rest of the characteristics and themes in the next few pages, and you will have learned more about a book than you ever thought you could!  This is a wonderful book. I will certainly buy this book again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I always wanted to read.  I am very happy with the information in this book.  My husband is an instructor at an International Martial Arts school.  He would use this book in his class.  It was great to see this information in print.  Great book for beginners 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great introduction to the world of electronic devices. If you've never owned or used a portable electronic device, this book will help you understand how the technology works, the advantages and disadvantages of various portable devices, the best ways to get the most out of your portable device, and what the various software packages are available for use with your device. If I were a customer of this book, I would be looking for portable device owners books with the same format as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was surprised how well this book was received.  The stories are engaging, the writing is well-paced, and the writing style is very funny.  It is funny, it is a little hard to put down, but it is definitely worthwhile 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a book that I have read a lot of.  It is a fantastic read and the stories are really intriguing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have not seen many books on Chinese language.  So I decided to check it out.  I like the way this book lays it out and the fact that it has many pictures.  But it is by no means complete.  The book is written in both Mandarin and Cantonese.  As an instructor I am interested in teaching both Mandarin Chinese and Canteese.  It is clear that there are some differences between the two languages, especially in vocabulary.  However, it is interesting to see how many similarities there are between the languages and how they are so different from each other.  Overall I would recommend this book to anyone who is learning Mandarin or Canteasy.  This book covers all the basics, such as pronunciation, grammar, and vocabulary.... 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am not a huge fan of books on photography, but I did appreciate the idea that this book provided a very detailed look at what it was like to photograph the first pictures of the U.S.A. in the early 20th century.  I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in doing so! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a book that takes the reader from beginning to intermediate level.  I would have given it a 10 if it was a little more difficult but it is not.  It was a great book for the beginner and intermediate to take notes from.  The pictures are clear and the book is clear.  All in all it is a good beginner book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read.  The characters are unique, the story is gripping and the humor is always appreciated 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for every serious gardener, as well as anyone who is not quite sure where their next plant should be located.  From an extensive list of all of the plants, there are also instructions for locating plants that are rare or otherwise difficult to find in your area 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read.  The stories are compelling, the pictures are beautiful and the writing is perfect.  I could not put it down.  This book is so well done that I could have read it for the next 20 years.  It has been a long and difficult road for me to finish this book.  But I finally got it done.  Don't get me wrong, I am not a fan of the  J.K. Rowling series.   But, I was drawn to this story because it has the chance to show us the darker side of our past 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only thing I can say to you about this book is that it is a must read. It's funny and it's educational. It explains the origin of everything in an easy to understand way. The first time I read this book, I thought that the whole world was made up by an alien life form. I had no idea! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  It has helped me learn a lot and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in making their own decision about religion and spirituality.  The author is a positive and sincere person who tries to be honest with her readers.  In the end I think she does a good job, but there are a few things I would like to see changed in the next edition.  I think the best book is The Miracle of The Baha'i Faith 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for people who want to know more about Islam, the Prophet Mohamed, his life, his beliefs, and the life and times of the Muslims.  This book is a treasure trove of information, including history, life and belief of the Prophet, his family, and companions, his followers, his enemies, his foes, his friends, his neighbors, and those who came after him.  It also includes biographical facts on the Muslim world, his relationships with other Muslims, his own life, and his beliefs.  I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about this amazing religion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a lot of book reviews, and I've got to say this is one of the best.  I like how he describes all the information in this book, without sounding like a book: He tells us what's wrong with our society and why, then shows us how to fix it.  A lot of the books out there tell us the same thing, but not so much the same as this.  This is the book I've been looking for, and it was so very helpful!  I hope others will read it, too.  You'll be amazed by what you learn. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a must for every budding writer.  The story is well told, with excellent descriptions of some very interesting characters.  It will challenge you as you develop your own characters, and is also a great place to get ideas.  For the younger writers who just want to learn how to write, this is the book to have 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful collection of historical information on the French Revolution.  It's very readable, and very interesting to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I've ever read on the art of acting.  If you're a beginner, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very informative and funny.  The writing is very well done and the stories are really great.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for an enjoyable read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful collection of short stories with wonderful characterizations.  This book will appeal to anyone who enjoys short stories 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a lot of books when I was younger. I have never read a book like this. The information in this book is truly amazing. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn a little more about what a woman should do with their vagina. It is really not that hard to find a book on this topic. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to learn the basics of making a positive electronic device: This book is for anyone who wants to learn how to design an electronic device that works well with a DVD player.  I've learned so much from this book, I've had to make some modifications to the original design (that I've built and tested) and have had it perform perfectly for my customers and others 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love the book and the ideas it teaches.  It's simple and easy to read.  But it also touches upon some important aspects of life, relationships and the modern world.  The book has a very positive outlook.  I hope you'll join me in giving it a positive recommendation 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I've been looking for a book that teaches you how to create a realistic and engaging fantasy.  I have seen so many other books that I thought it would be helpful to try to write a fantasy book myself.  This book helped me get my first novel published in 2009.  A lot of the book is a basic guide to creating the fantasy world, but it also teaches you a few other things.  You will need to create your own monsters, monsters from other books or movies, creatures that are out of the ordinary, creatures who don't belong in your fantasy world.  The book also has sections for creatures who are in the book, and sections for the creatures in your book.  It is a great book to get started on your fantasy novel 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been in the trenches with my own mother since I was 13. I've watched my parents struggle and fight for their lives.  This book is a wonderful tribute to her. It teaches us how to navigate through life, how to be more loving and positive.  It gives us the tools to be the best that we can be, to stand up for what is right, and to be our true selves.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely amazing. It has so much info on everything from "how to get started with homeopathic remedies", to "how best to prepare for your first homeopathic treatment", to how to get "the hang of homeopathy" to actually "get better with homeopathy".  It's all very easy to follow.  I think I'll start doing it! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a joy to read and I'm sure that it will enlighten and delight your children!  It is very helpful and informative and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must have for anyone who loves their children.  We both loved this book because it provided information to make decisions about our son and daughter and their future.  It was so helpful to both of us.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  This is a wonderful book with tons of great information.  The writing style is simple and the photos are great.  I will definitely buy this book if I can get it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book a long time ago and was so pleased that it had stuck with me.  I still think it's the best book I've ever read.  If you're looking for some new ways to tell your story, then this is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not only a fascinating history of the Viking age, but also a history of Norse mythology and religion.  I cannot help but admire the amount of information that this book gives the reader.  The only negative that I can think of is that it may be a little difficult for those not familiar with Norse mythology or religion to understand and appreciate.  However, it is an interesting read and very informative, so it would be worth it to those that do not understand it, just to see if the information is useful to them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book while in my Ph.D. program. It's a fantastic resource for understanding a subject and giving students the ability to solve it. I would recommend it for the serious students, but not as a quick read. It would take a couple of readings to get through all the information in it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just as well written as the one on "Gourmet Food and Dining".  It's the best book I've read on the subject and I've eaten a lot of it!  The book is very practical.  The recipes are easy to understand and the recipes are also very tasty.  If you want to learn how to make delicious food, this is the book for you!  I recommend it to all my friends and family 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had so much fun reading this.  It really helped me remember what my own family has been through and gives hope to those who will go through the same thing.  The book is written in an easy and entertaining manner.  I would recommend it to anyone who is in the same situation and would like to learn more about it.  You can really feel the pain, worry, and despair when your family is at its most vulnerable.  But it doesn't have to be that way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, full of great information about the great history of American hockey.  It is filled with great pictures, and great stories.  I hope to read this book more often 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will keep you busy for years.  A must have for anyone who is looking to learn to cook healthy foods.  If you don't know how to cook, you can use this book as a guide to learn.  It will teach you all the different recipes you will need to make to start.  You will also find recipes that will help you save time in the kitchen 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful and I would read it again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a first-year student at the University of New Hampshire, where the school history courses are taught, and I needed to do some research on this very important topic.  I have read several of his books on history and geography and have found them very enlightening.  In his "History of American English", he describes the English language in its original form and gives some basic information about its pronunciation.  He also gives an overview of the early history of the American English language, including a brief history of its pronunciation, as well as a description of how pronunciation has changed over time.  The book is very readable and is a good reference book for both students and non-students.  As a student I found it especially helpful when I wanted to compare the pronunciation of English to that of other languages.  His "American English" is very useful for both beginners and students.  It will also help those who want to learn about American English from an academic perspective.  There are also two other excellent books on this subject, "English as a Second Language" by Dr. J. C. Latham, and "A History of English" by C. E. Liddiard.  These books are excellent and highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a classic. It's a quick, funny, and easy read.  I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to learn a lot about Islam.  It's an important book for anyone wanting to learn more about Islam in general 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. I have a small book collection of all sorts of things from history to mythology.  It is great to have a book like this to go over the different myths and legends.  I really enjoyed reading this book and found that it was well organized and easy to read.  All of the legends and myths are well explained and are easy to follow.  There are a few stories that I found a little hard to understand, however  I feel that it's understandable.  The main character, the person in question, is very relatable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read several books on photography, and this one is by far the best I have ever read.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book. I have had the book for a long time and now I am reading it for the first time. It's just so well written. It is very insightful. I think it is a must read for those that are considering leaving the church, especially those that want to get back in. The book was given to me by my husband and I have read it twice. I want to read it again.  The book does a great job of answering many questions.  I am glad to be part of a church that would help others like myself. I would recommend this book to all those that would like to get to the truth. I will be giving it to my friend who is leaving the Church and I will also be giving a copy to the other friends that I have that are leaving as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful read. It is easy to read, but difficult to put down 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book that will help guide you through this difficult time in your life.  It has helped me tremendously in dealing with my son, who is a recovering alcoholic.  I recommend this book for anyone who has a family member or friend who is in this situation 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book at a college conference.  I was in my first year of law school and I had just received a full scholarship.  While I was reading I realized that I knew nothing about the case of Adnan Syed.  The book explained to me the legal intricacies and the circumstances of the case.  It also explained the legal process of post-conviction.  There are lots of details in this book and I would highly recommend it for the legal novice or the law student who may not know the details and may not understand the law.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you're looking for a good review about the book, don't worry, I'm sure you will find it.  I read this as a freshman in college and was so glad I bought it. I found it very helpful, but also very entertaining.  It is the first book I read that has made me more aware about my religion and has also helped me to understand it a little better.  The pictures are beautiful, the story telling is very interesting, and the writing is very well done.  You will not regret purchasing this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a must read for those that are looking to get a positive perspective on life. It does not contain a ton of advice or practical advice, but it does have a lot of useful ideas.  I really liked the idea to have a positive outlook on life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really great!  You will find tons of useful information in this book.  The information is very clear and concise.   I am an undergrad and I am always looking for ways to better myself and my studies.  I have found the information to be helpful in my studies and the book has really helped me! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a guide to the latest developments in the law, this book is a must.  I would recommend it for anyone who has studied law or has any interest in law or law enforcement 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that I've been meaning to read for ages.  It's filled with many of the most useful ideas, techniques and resources for learning to code.  This is a great book for learning the basics of how to code and making use of the many resources out there 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has an excellent idea of how to teach and a great sense of humor.  It is very easy to read and a joy to read with children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a wonderful introduction to the theory of money and credit, and it provides an excellent introduction to both topics.  There are few books on money and markets that have the same level of detail as this one, and I feel that it provides a much more comprehensive view of both.  I recommend this book highly to anyone who wants to learn more about money and how the system works.  The author has done a fantastic job in making this book accessible to the layman.  He is an excellent writer, and the information he provides on the theories of money, credit, the money supply and the interest rate is extremely well done.  This book is very concise, and very readable.  If you are new to the topic of money then I would suggest that you begin with the introductory chapter, which covers the basic background on money, the role that banks play in the economy and the role of the Federal Reserve System.  Once you have an understanding of the basics you can proceed to the next two chapters, which will provide more in depth analysis of the theories behind the Federal reserve system.  After that you will need to go back and read through the books that I have listed below.  To those who want a more detailed look at this topic I would recommend that you start with chapter 6 of "The Money Market Guide" which is a comprehensive review of the money markets.  It covers the theory behind the money market system, the rules that govern money markets and the money stock market.  While this is a very basic look at money markets it will also give you the tools to better understand the market itself and the market impact of the interest rates on interest rates.  So if you are looking to learn about the theory and history behind the market then this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has a great story to tell.  It was fun to read and interesting to learn.  The stories are short but very exciting.  We wish we could do it all in one sitting.  If you are looking for a good electronic device to learn a little about these wonderful animals, look no further!  A great book for anyone who is looking for something to get them interested in the world of animals! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a compilation of stories that are told by the likes of B.B. King, Joe Zawinny and others.   I enjoyed the book as much as the author.  He gives great insight into how and why the legends came to be.  I think it's a great addition to any  library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent guide to all of the different ways you can get started in an art career, whether you want to be a painter, a sculptor, a book illustrator, an illustrator or a professional photographer.  The book provides all of your information on where you can find the best studio to learn from.  It's a great read, with some interesting ideas to inspire your own artistic endeavors 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful resource for new or novice readers of this book. It is a very helpful reference that provides basic information on the basic functions of the book.  The book is organized in alphabetical order which is a helpful addition to the basic information in the book that you already know.  If you have never read a book before this is an excellent book to read.  It is organized around the basic types of recipes in the cookbook.  There are recipes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I've read it all the way through.  It is a fantastic, inspiring, and informative guide to a lifetime of learning.  This is an excellent book, full of useful tips and resources to help you stay focused and organized, as well as an excellent overview of the basics of a good electronic device.  You will be very thankful that you purchased this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a classic, and it really shows you the process of writing a positive book. It is full of ideas, examples, and ideas that really help you write your own story, and as you can see the book really is very helpful. The examples really are very helpful, as they show you how to write a good story, but they are also so thought provoking.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book to teach elementary school students about different parts of the Bible.  I have had many conversations with parents who have not had an understanding of the various parts of scripture.  This book will be helpful for them to have a basic understanding of what parts of their faith are.  The book does a great job at explaining the differences in the books of the bible and the differences between the parts.  It is a very well written book that does a wonderful job of explaining the different parts. It is easy to read, but the student can't be expected to know all the words in the book, which is a great aid to the student.  Also, the book is in the Bible so it is very helpful to have it at hand.  However, it does not contain all the information that the student needs to have for the book to be effective.  For example, there are a few parts that are very confusing for the student, so it helps to have the Bible and other parts of bible to help the student with the questions.  If you have questions about what part of the church you are a member of, ask your pastor.  They can help you with that part 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was introduced to this book by a good friend of mine.  He read it and recommended it to me.  I have loved it!  The story is gripping and full of drama, and the characters are fascinating.  It is full of information, ideas and insights.  Great for any age, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a treasure.  It is a great introduction to the history of the English language.  The grammar and usage are explained in detail, and the stories are truly fascinating.  If you are a beginner, or at least a beginner of English grammar, this book will be very helpful.  I would encourage you to buy it now and keep it as a reference for the future 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book!  If you want to know more about the history of Europe, this is the book to have 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A lot of things can be summed up in one word.  This is a book that can help the reader understand what is happening to the Christian church in the 21st century.  It provides information and examples to help the Christian reader understand the church's transformation in the face of a changing culture and a changing society.  I recommend it for anyone who wants to understand what's happening today and in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had no idea how much I would enjoy this book until I read it.  I can't remember the last book I read that left me so completely, emotionally, and intellectually stimulated.  The language is simple and the stories are interesting, but the stories really get at the meaning of life.  It was truly a life changing experience.  If you are a serious reader, or if you want to know more about this life, this is a must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very informative, and has a positive tone.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book and it provides a great overview of the basics of how to build a good electronic device.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is excellent.  The pictures are great.  And I love the story about the Indian boy who lived with his mother in India.  I wish I could have written that story myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I had trouble putting my own child into school and he was so excited to see what I was teaching!  I think it would be a great book for a classroom or family member to have to explain to them.  It will give you a great idea on what is out there on the subject of evolution!  It is not for the weak minded.  I would recommend it for all who are struggling with the subject and for anyone who wants to know more about evolution 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's not a bad book by any means.  It has a lot of great ideas for the day 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an absolute must-read for anyone who enjoys reading about the life of a very well-known author, who, to date, has written over 200 books, and has had an enormous impact on the world. In this book, he gives a detailed account of his life, from his childhood in New York City to his present-day life as a respected, respected and very wealthy man who is also a well-traveled, well-informed and well-educated man. The author explains his many achievements, the successes and failures that have led him to where he is today. It is very touching and enjoyable to read. His writing is elegant, and the anecdotes are well-crafted, and his characters are real and believable. If you're interested in the man who changed the course of world history, you owe it to yourself to read this book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been an aspiring writer for a while now and I just found myself with a ton of books to read. I needed to learn more about the craft of writing and I found this book extremely helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent book, with an excellent collection of stories and an interesting character, and I think the reader will like this story.  The author has a great style and is a very talented writer, and this story is very different from the stories we have been reading in the past.  It is a tale that takes place in the real world, and the story takes place on the outskirts of an alien spaceship that crash lands on earth, and it has been found and is being repaired by a mysterious group of people that seem to be part of a group that has come from another planet 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many books and have always been disappointed when the authors do not write about real life.  In this book I have been extremely happy.  It is very interesting, very relevant and has been written from a perspective that most people could understand.  If you are in need of a few simple ideas and can be easily influenced by a few facts, this book is for you.  I found it to be an excellent resource.  For instance, in this book it is clearly stated that "people don't like to believe the things they don't see".  I would like to know more about what "people" do not like to see and how we could improve our lives and how to improve the world.  Also, it was very enlightening for me to see how people have thought and acted in other countries.  The book would have made an even greater book if the authors could have written the same thing in the United States.  However, this was a great book and I would recommend it to anyone looking for answers and solutions. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author's unique insights on the world of the early modern period (1500-1800) are beautifully written and illustrated with a great deal of detail. The book is filled with excellent descriptions of the architecture, clothing, and food of this period and a few details that are quite accurate. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys learning more about this fascinating period of time 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing.  I've seen it on my book shelf for years and it hasn't escaped my attention yet!  I read it at my daughter's graduation and it really hit home.  She is now a Phd student in sociology.  If you're looking for something to talk about this week, this is the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It's got everything.  I've had so much fun with this book and I feel it is so much more useful than I expected.  The recipes are easy to follow, and the techniques are easy and useful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book with so many wonderful insights and ideas for building a life of value.  This book is a must have for all new and old investors 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a great way to learn the history of early New York and New Jersey.  It also gives you some background on the early settlers who made the area famous.  The first section of the book is about the settlement and growth of New York City.   The second section is about New Jersey and how it has evolved from the French and Spanish colonies.  Finally the third section is an overview of New Jersey's current political, social, and economic issues.  This is a must read for anyone who has a history of New  Jersey.
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book, and one that I have been wanting to read.  I was very impressed with the detail on the characters and how they interacted.  As a newbie, I found this to be very informative.  This was a very enjoyable read, and I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book for someone who wants to learn the basics of a programming language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I recommend it highly to everyone who wants to learn to play poker.  It covers everything from basic strategy to specific strategies, which I will not go into here, but which are invaluable to anyone who wishes to improve their game and improve their chances at a higher level of play 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so excited to see this book. I had never read a good biography before. It was a little confusing at first, as the book was not written in the form that I read it in. But I like it, it's well written, and it gives us a lot to think about. It really helped me understand the life of an amazing artist. It is a very interesting read, and very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you're looking for something to help you learn about how to be a better parent this book is for you.  You'll see how to teach your child how to stay connected to you when times are rough, how to make your home more comfortable, and more importantly how to manage your own money.  This is a great book to get your child to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for anyone wanting to learn more about this wonderful and wonderful book, the first edition was published in 1980, and was a best-selling book!  The second edition, in 1988, is a much more complete and thorough reference, and is now used as a standard text for introductory-level English Literature courses.  The third edition is still a work in progress, but already covers a much wider area of the topic.  I have also included a number of excellent articles in the book, and I would recommend them to all readers 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just perfect.  The stories are very funny and they are well told.  It is an excellent book for children and adults.  There are also some really great pictures.  I would recommend this book to anyone who has ever wanted to know what the story of Christmas is all about.  A must read for all children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to start your new library collection with. I have purchased this book on many occasions to use as an introduction to my own collections. It is a good use of a little more space than a typical book would provide and will give you a feel for the type of books you will have to do to get started.  I think this is the first book I have read which covers all aspects of library collections 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  The book focuses on how to be a positive parent.  I find that this book is very helpful and helpful information.  If you are struggling with your children's behavior, this book could help you understand why your child behaves as he or she does.  It's an easy read and very helpful to know how to address these behaviors in a positive way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best "how to" books ever written!  It covers all the basics of raising a child, including everything from feeding to reading.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who is considering becoming a new parent!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of advice for how to prepare for your wedding and also gives some good advice on how to have a good reception.  It's a very helpful guide to help you plan the reception. The book is very practical and practical advice.  The pictures are beautiful and the writing is excellent.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read and loved both of the "Witch" series and now I am ready to delve into the "Black Magic" series.  The first few chapters are the most intriguing and entertaining as the reader gets to know the characters.  However, as the story progresses, the plot moves into the realm of the really good.  It is very hard to believe that this is a fantasy novel.  You have to suspend your disbelief and suspend your judgement at certain points, and some will certainly have to be taken away from the book if you don't like it.  If you want to learn more about this series, I would suggest that you read all of the books in order as you will be spoiled if you only read the first or second chapter 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just read a lot of good books in this series and wanted to keep on with it.  It was great fun to do and really made me feel as though I was learning something new and interesting!  I would like to thank the author, Robert J. Kielek, for taking the time to put it all together for us!  We all need to read this series because it is so comprehensive and so helpful.  I really recommend it.I would like more books in the series because the stories are just so well written and have so much depth to them.  But I would still recommend this series if it were all there for me to learn.  The stories in this one are just too good not to read! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an amazing insight into the mind of the American people.  This is one of the best books I've ever read.  I wish there were more books like this 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was born and raised in the South and it is always a struggle to reconcile my cultural heritage with the "Southern" culture I grew up in.  The book is wonderful and will hopefully help us do so with ease 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many books on writing. But none have been as insightful and helpful as this book. It has helped me understand my writing. It is short, and it is to the point. But it is also very practical. I have found it invaluable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book. A little short, but great for anyone who is looking for a simple and understandable explanation of the biblical laws.  A good resource for anyone with a basic understanding of the Bible.  Great book, and would love to see it in print 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book when I first started teaching.  I was a graduate student in sociology and needed a book on research methods that was also accessible.  This book was perfect.  It explained exactly what I wanted to know, how I could implement research strategies, and how I can learn from other research.  For my first year of graduate school I used this book for every single assignment.  Every student in my program had to do some research and write a positive positive review on a good electronic device: This book helped me learn to implement research methods.  Students were given a few research strategies and the book gave them the tools to make good use of the strategies 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read to date. It is a great story and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.  The author has written a wonderful story that I have never seen before.  I hope this book will inspire you to share it with your friends 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to know more about how the LDS Church came to be in Utah, this book is a great place to start.  The book is full of information that will be useful to both lay people and missionaries.  It's an excellent book and very enjoyable to read.  There are many interesting historical facts that are not often revealed.  A very useful book for both Mormons and non-Mormons.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful introduction to the works of both John Lennon and Paul McCartney.  They were both born in Liverpool and both grew up in the same area and share the same sense of history.  This is the story of how both fell into musical form and went on to become international icons.  I think that it is not only the music that is important in the story but the stories of the lives and times that were around them.  These are the people who made the music and were around it.  The book provides an insight into their lives and I think it is a very well done introduction to their respective lives.  It is a fascinating and very emotional experience to read.  If you are an aspiring musician or artist, you should buy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read, not only in the  genre but for any book written.  The author's research is excellent and the writing is superb.  I found myself reading this book over and over, especially  when I have needed to find information in a very short  time.  In addition, the information in the book is concise 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with many people who review this book, who have commented on the way the author approaches the subject of sexual abuse. I agree on all counts. This book has helped me see the way I look at the issue of sexual violence.  This book is an important and timely reminder to be aware of the warning signs, the signs that I am being abused, and the signs I need to seek help.   I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to learning the basics of coding.  I found this book very helpful when learning how to code, I have found many resources on the internet and this book is great.  It is easy to read and does not get you bogged down with the details.  The book is very easy to understand, the exercises are easy to follow and there are exercises that are simple enough for anyone to pick up and solve.  A great book for beginners.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was looking for a book that I could relate to.  The book is written in an easy to understand and accessible manner.  It gives examples and explains concepts that are useful for everyone, especially parents, educators, and therapists.  I particularly liked how the book provided examples to use as a starting point for the therapist.  This book has given me some new insights on what I've learned in therapy and that has made my therapy more effective.  If you are looking for help with anger or abuse in your life, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a college student and I love this book. I found it very helpful in explaining all the information and activities I have been doing in my life. It also provides a good example of how to be a better student, and it is very helpful for students who are struggling with a major decision in their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The most interesting part of this book is the discussion about the history of the Book of Mormon. It gives an insight into the origins and development of the text, and provides a wealth of details on the various archaeological and anthropological discoveries which have supported its historicity. The text is very readable, and contains many interesting insights into the history, culture, and beliefs of the ancient peoples inhabiting the Americas. The author also provides many historical accounts, which are highly informative and enjoyable to read, as well as numerous interesting facts, illustrations, and a wide variety of other interesting information, which provide background and context for the various stories, legends, myths, and myths surrounding the Book. The book is organized into sections by geography, alphabetically by alphabetical designation of geographical locations, with a section for each language. There are also sections for each kingdom or tribe which existed at that time, as there were in fact four. The sections on the languages are especially interesting, as they show the evolution of the language, the differences between languages, and the evolution and evolution of those who spoke the languages. There is also an extensive section on the religion and religious practices of the peoples who lived in the Americas at that period. These include the belief in an all-powerful god, the practice of polygamy, the veneration of human sacrifice, the belief that the earth was sacred, and that the world was in fact a part of a higher spiritual plane.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was not familiar with the original work of the author.  I have been following him for a couple of years now.  He has now written a more complete work and the result is great.  A great book to be read and understood by those who may not be familiar with his writings.  It is also an excellent way to refresh one's understanding of early history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, one that I have read several times, that gives an insight into many of the most commonly held beliefs, and has helped me to understand my own beliefs and the world around me. I think that the author has managed to capture the essence of human experience and have shown it in simple and understandable terms 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fascinating book with many wonderful pictures.  I particularly enjoyed the photographs of animals.  One of the pictures of the most fascinating in the book was a black-and-white picture of a brown bear with an empty head and ears.  The bear was apparently holding a dead calf in its mouth.  It was one of the best pictures I have ever seen.  You have to see this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read in years!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like the "how to" stuff, this is the book for you!  If not, this book has all the information you need to know to be a successful writer.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had read a couple of previous novels by Paul Auster and was looking for a more personal and funny take on this very strange character.  This novel takes a more serious turn for the reader and the characters grow closer and become more of a unit.  The story is told in a simple yet unique way and it's not long before you begin to get a little tired of the twists and turns of this story, but I think you will enjoy it for it's simplicity.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good story and can find the humor in the characters and in their situations.  It's a great book to read as you may be surprised at the depth of Paul Austers character and that makes this story very special 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was written with so much knowledge and wisdom, it was almost painful to read. It was a joy to read, and it gave so much insight into life and the life of the person that we all want to be. It really touched me with a sense of compassion, as well as compassion and understanding. It has helped me in many ways. It truly helped me to realize how I have been feeling in my life. It is an amazing book to read and it is so informative.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was in the middle of this book when it first came out.  I loved it and I wanted to read it again, just for the information.  But, alas, it was so much more than I had imagined.  The book is a great way to learn all kinds of interesting stuff about life in the 1800's.  For example, there is a chapter on the New York City street scene, which is actually quite detailed, and is interesting to look at, but is also interesting in its own right.  There is an entire chapter on New York, as well as on other major American cities, including Boston and Philadelphia, and the book really gives an insight into the city and the people there.  One of the best books I have ever read.  It is full of interesting facts and anecdotes, and I hope everyone takes the time to learn something new and interesting from it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for the newbie to the world of Japanese language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book on the Bible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very good book that tells the story of the first African-American woman to marry a white man.  The book was written by a black woman, but there are also black men, white men and white women who have written their own stories about their relationships with white women.  I found this book extremely helpful when I was trying to understand the history of black women and their relationship to white men. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very nice book.  I am looking for more books like this.  The author does not hold back 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of wonderful stories, but I find the best one is the one about a group of teenage girls traveling around the country.  The girls are called the Tenderfeet and they are very funny and funny.  If you have not read this book, I would suggest you do so.  I know, I have read this as well and the girls are really relatable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have been following this blog and are a fan of the work and opinions of Dr. John Edward, you will know that Dr. Edward's "New York Times" series is quite influential in the world of psychiatry and neurology.  He has brought a fresh perspective on the "Big Questions" of psychiatry.  This book is a collection of John's thoughts on the Big Questions and he does an excellent job in answering the question that he is addressing.  It's clear that this is a much needed book.  The book is organized as a series of questions.  If the questions are answered correctly, we would be better off knowing how the patient thinks and what it is that makes him or her so ill.  We could then seek to understand how the illness could be corrected.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read on the history of the American Indians.  I would suggest it for anyone interested in the subject.  The text covers much in depth, covering some subjects not usually discussed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author gives a thorough review of the historical development of Islam.  There are few books on Islam in English that can give such an extensive and detailed view of the development of this great religion.  It is an excellent book to learn more about Islam, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a must read for anyone who is new to the field or who is a beginner.  This is a very well written book with a lot of information and examples that will help you understand how to do your research and what to look for in a good electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a book that you must read to understand and appreciate the significance of the early church.  It is not a text book that merely discusses the history of the Church.  Rather it is an exploration of the meaning and the significance and the experience of the church.This book provides an important perspective on the history, the purpose, the values, the life and the values of the ancient Church.It is the most comprehensive, authoritative, and authoritative book on the Church's early history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed reading this book.  It is very detailed and offers some very useful tips.  The main focus is on how to prepare for and create a successful electronic device.  If you are new to this topic, this book will provide a great starting point.  I wish I could have found this book when I started designing the MMS1 device.I think the best advice I can give to anyone new to electronics is to make sure you have a good electronic device before buying a book. I bought this book to help me prepare for the upcoming project and to help guide me through the process.  So many people do not know that there are things like connectors and resistors and capacitors that can be used to help them design a device. I think this book is a great resource for anyone wanting to learn more about how to design and build their own device 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic, full of great examples and ideas to help you improve your writing skills.  It's also a great reference book to get ideas and insights for future stories.  Great read for writers who are struggling to develop a writing style or who just want to improve their writing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful collection of insights and stories.  This is the first book written by a Tibetan monk.  The stories are very well written and some of them are very moving.  If you are looking for insight into the inner world of the Tibetan monks you should definitely consider this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am new to this genre.  I did not know that there was a genre, and the story of how I found this book has been an amazing one.  This book has helped me in many ways, but mainly it has helped myself.  It is full of great stories and the illustrations are truly beautiful.  If you are looking for something to get you in the mood to read, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have read many books, this one is definitely for you. I especially enjoyed the story of the dog, and his relationship with his new owner. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am not much for the romance genre, but this book was excellent.  I loved the plot and the characters.  The story is fast paced and the author really brought a new feel to the book.  She kept the romance to a minimum but was not afraid to have some adventure along the way.  If you are looking for a romance book, do not go to this one.  However if you are a fan of the romance genres then I recommend you to pick up a copy of this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a little biased, but I would say this book was a great read.  The concept of self-determination is interesting, and the characters are compelling.  I would recommend this book for all of us who wish to understand the complexities of the self-government debate.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book.  The writing is very entertaining and it was really easy to follow.  It would have been nice to have more information on how to use the recipes but that is just a personal preference.  I did like how the recipes were presented 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is great.  The story and characters are fascinating.  There are lots of wonderful stories to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I have ever read on this very subject and I am very pleased with its contents.  It provides an excellent overview of the basics and an explanation of the theory and practice of how to manage a negative review.  The book is very easy to read and contains a great deal of helpful information.  A very good book, 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a long-time reader of Ms. Dyer's books. I have enjoyed every one of her novels. Her first novel, The Time of the Owl, is a wonderful blend of suspense, romance and humor. The Time and the Place is a perfect blend of fantasy and realism.  Ms.Dyer has captured the imagination of readers with this wonderful series. The only downside is the occasional lack of detail.  However, the stories are so well-written that readers will not mind.  I wish that she would develop the characters and write more than one book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a great help for me in trying to write my dissertation.  I would recommend it to anyone that has a writing problem 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very interested in learning how to make a positive difference in the world and this book gave me a great overview of how to do that 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best book I have read in a long time.  I would recommend it for anyone who is looking to learn some basic survival skills.  If you are not familiar with fishing, or if you are looking for a book to help you learn how to catch fish, this is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  I would say it is the best book I have read on Buddhism 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book before and now it's time to read it again! This book is full of interesting stories. I especially enjoyed the story about a dog who, when he is taken away, falls down a well. The dog is rescued by a couple and the woman tells the story. I can't wait to read the next story. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have never read a book quite like this one.  It is filled with wonderful stories and illustrations, and provides some great ideas for those of us who like to draw and write.  If you like to see how a drawing will look, or you want to learn how to do some of the simpler shapes and compositions you can do yourself, this book will be a wonderful resource.  I would definitely recommend it for any artist or creative person, and even more so for the person who wants to get into the "art" of drawing.  This book is a joy to read, and if you want more information on how to make your drawings better and more professional, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book, with a wonderful story, and it gives the reader a glimpse into the life of a real and loving family, and the life that each of them lived.  I especially liked the description of the birth of the baby boy, and his father, who is the loving and caring father, but the mother who is a loving mother and a loving wife.  The author goes into great detail about how the children grew up, and how their parents changed from a loving couple to an angry and bitter couple, and eventually a family with two children who both left the house.  It is a wonderful book that gives us a little insight into what it is like to be a family, what it's like to live with someone who is angry and not being kind to anyone, and what it was like to grow up as a child who was loved and cared for.  A great read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a big fan of this book, and it has been a long time since I've read it.  It's a wonderful introduction to medieval history, and I find the information given by Mr. Sayer to be very useful.  I would recommend this book for any serious medievalist interested in medieval history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has some of the most beautiful pictures and stories I've seen.  I especially enjoyed the pictures of the islanders.  The stories were also really interesting.  It's also a wonderful way to learn about the culture of the Caribbean.  There are a lot of pictures of beaches and islands, but the stories are what really make this book so good 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book contains many recipes and tips. It is well illustrated and the recipes are easy to follow.  The recipes are presented in a easy to understand format.  If you are looking for a few recipes to cook at home and have never had them before, this book is for you.  I used it to prepare several meals, from dinner to breakfast and evening supper, and found that it really was the key to cooking and eating healthy.  It is easy to read and understand.  My daughter, who is in her third year of a culinary program, would recommend this book to her friends 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a book that will challenge your preconceived notions about the world and your own life.  It will be a journey of discovery, of insight, and of understanding.  You will be challenged, not just by the ideas, but by the experiences and questions.  What I most enjoy is how each topic is illustrated by examples that will stimulate the imagination.  I would love to see a book like this made into a film, I would like to see the book made into the TV series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book for the beginner, as well as for those who already know what they want to do.   I especially liked the introduction to the book.  The information was organized, the photos were beautiful, and the pictures were very clear.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who would like to do their first book. I especially like the chapters with photos of all the tools and equipment that you will need 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a quick, easy read, with a lot of great information.  The author covers some basic topics for beginners to learn as well as some more advanced topics that require more of a thought process.  He also goes into detail on each topic, providing some great examples and explanations.  It's a good starting point for beginners and intermediate.  If you're a beginner, it will help you pick up some useful information, and if you're intermediate, it'll give you some insight on some of the more advanced concepts 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It is full of wonderful examples of how to write a positive book: 1.  Be honest and accurate with your information 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book with my daughter.  It was a great book to teach her and she is now an adult.  I enjoyed the stories and the photos.  The writing was a little difficult for me to understand.  But I liked the style.  My daughter liked the stories.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book with great information about a great book.  It's like the bible for a person who wants to make their own decisions.  If you can learn from this book you will not regret it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a good work of historical fiction, this book will not disappoint 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fascinating book, with great pictures.  It is a must for anyone who is considering getting a bird in the wild.  The book includes a variety of birding questions, plus a detailed description of a birding trip 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful introduction to the art of drawing. Great pictures and easy to follow instructions! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  The author goes into great detail on the subject of the Christian faith and how it was restored in the New Testament.  I would recommend it to any Christian who is interested in learning more about this topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a great book.  I enjoyed the stories and the characters.  The author used real life as a basis for the characters and the plot.  It was a very fast paced story with great twists and turns 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a child of the 1980s.  I have had the experience of going through the school system.  And I have the experience and knowledge of what the system is, as well as the desire to get into that system.I would like to thank the author for giving us the opportunity to understand the system that is in place in our schools.  He explains in great detail the system as it is currently constructed.  It is an excellent resource for teachers and parents.  You will learn some very useful information about this system, as you begin to understand how it works.  The book also gives an excellent insight into the workings of our society.  How many times have you seen a child in the back seat of a car, or even the back of a bus, or bus in a city, or an airport, or a train, or subway, or any public transportation system, being harassed and harassed by a fellow passenger?  A teacher is there to protect the children of our nation, and they need to be protected from the individuals who do not respect the system.The book also covers some other interesting topics.  What is the difference between a good student and a bad student?  The answers to these questions are provided in this book as well.  There are several reasons to take your child on a trip to school.  This book will help you make an educated decision as to which type of school system is best for your child.  A good book is a gift, it gives a child hope and it gives you hope in the system you provide for your children.  If you want to be a good parent, please buy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read a few other books on the same topic, but I think this is the best of them.  The book itself is a beautiful, thought provoking, and informative look at the ways in which the Catholic Church has treated LGBT people over the years.  I love how the author is so direct, honest, and straightforward.  He makes clear that the Catholic teaching on marriage and sexuality is not a blanket condemnation of all gay people, but rather a means to a more loving, kind, and understanding life for all people.  There are many ways of approaching this subject, but he is the only one I have seen so consistently direct, articulate, and honest with regard to the Church's position.  If you have a homosexual brother or sister, this is a great book to use 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to read and learn about the Bible.  I would say the book is well worth the money because the information is great and the examples are very helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great!  If you haven't read it before, I highly recommend it.  It's one of the best books I've read in a while and it covers the essentials of running a successful running business.  The book has been very helpful for me as I have moved into the business.I would recommend this book to anyone looking to get started with running a business.The book covers everything, from how to find clients to how to make sure you are getting what you pay for.  If your interested in running a good running business, I would highly recommend this 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was an eye opener.  It gave us the basic ideas about money and investment.  The pictures in it were very helpful.  I would have liked to have seen the more in depth analysis of investing and the theory behind it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The story was so intriguing and so full of detail.  I loved the characters, the dialogue and the plot.  The plot was so interesting and the characters so unique.  What I didn't like was the ending.  It's just too sudden 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that you should have read before you start reading this series. The stories in this book are amazing, and it is great to see such talent with a new style. If you are looking for a short story or two that will not break your heart, this is the book for you. If your looking for more in depth and more characters then I would recommend this series to you. It is not a series for everyone, but if you like short stories and enjoy writing them then you will love the series. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an interesting look at the early development of the Jewish state.  The book starts from the perspective of the Jews living in exile in Palestine at the time of the British Mandate.  After the liberation of Israel from the British in 1948, the Jews who remained there were given a special status.  They were allowed to establish a state within the state of Israel.  This was not the case in most of the Arab countries.  In fact, the Arabs who remained in Israel were persecuted for their religious beliefs.  While the Jews of Palestine had to be careful about their religion, the situation of the Muslims of the Middle East was not so.  Muslims were given full citizenship in Israel. The Jews who fled to Israel after the war were not granted such privileges.  These stories, told by two authors, give us an understanding of how the Jews were able to establish the state in Palestine in 1948.  If one takes a different view on the founding of the state, there is also a fascinating look at how the Zionists were able (in the absence of any help from the Arabs) to take control of the land of Israel and turn it into a prosperous state. The author of the first chapter, a professor at Princeton, tells us the historical background of the area in which Israel now resides.  There are many interesting stories in the book.  Most of them are about the founding period of the modern Jewish state, from 1879 to 1948. I especially liked the discussion of how some Arab leaders in Palestine had wanted to see Israel's existence as a separate state for the Arab Muslims.  A few chapters were written by a historian who spent time in Israel, and I found his writing to be very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book for anyone who wants to know a bit about how to grow a positive book with a positive message.  I was very grateful for the opportunity to learn this from a friend.  She is an avid reader and I highly recommend this book to anyone who would like to learn a little bit about why books are so powerful and so helpful.  It is a wonderful book to be sure.  What makes it so wonderful is that the author teaches you how to write a positive positive review 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I've read on how to be a successful artist.  It really helped me put my creative vision into action.  I wish there was more books like this one out there 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book and an excellent introduction to the art of making electronic device.  It is also an interesting history of the early electronic device companies and the early technology and market trends that drove them.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been in my share of debates with friends and colleagues about religion. I've tried to stay on the neutral side, but I'm not always successful. This book gives a great overview of what most people believe in terms of God.  It is clear and easy to understand.  I was very impressed with the depth and depth of the research.  This book is a treasure and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful, very insightful and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been a bookworm since I was in high school, and now I can say I'm a book-lovers! The book is organized by type of book and then alphabetized by author, which gives an overview of all of the great books on this topic.  If you're looking for a book to do your homework on, read this.  It is a very thorough, easy to read, and easy to relate book.  I can't think of any other book that provides the amount of information needed for this task!  It's not for everyone but if you have a few hours to spare you can't go wrong 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an absolute MUST read for the new-age and pre-modern era.  This is a wonderful book, with great pictures and insight.  The book is very detailed, but in a very digestible fashion.  I think I would like to read it more than I have already.  It is very useful to get started in understanding the concept of pre-Columbian Indians, the culture of these peoples, the customs, etc.  However, it is a book that you must work your way through.  Don't feel like reading a million pages!  The best thing to do is go to the book for free online 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had a lot of trouble deciding which book to read first! This is the one! This book is so much better than the first. It's full of recipes and ideas to keep you busy. I love this book.  I am going to take a page from this book and do my own version of "The French Laundry Cookbook". I hope you'll join me 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a big fan of this book. It was very helpful in learning the basic principles and strategy of trading.   I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the perfect introduction to this book series.  The book is beautifully written and contains the most comprehensive information on this series.This book will surely help the reader to understand the characters and the background of the series.The book is divided into two parts.  Part I contains chapters on each character in this series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, filled with information that anyone can use in their home, school or church!  It also teaches that God's laws are for all mankind, and not just the people who live there.  It teaches that we are all sinners and can be saved by Christ alone.  I think this book is really useful for everyone, especially those who are not as informed on their own religion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have read about how to do business with China in the last 10 years.  It is a very clear and concise guide to understanding China, its business, its people and its markets.  If you want to be an investor in China's economy and business you must understand China's business and markets. China's stock market, economy and future are the focus of this book.  You will learn how to invest in China, how to understand the markets and how to deal with Chinese regulators, and how you can make money in China.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first few pages were very interesting.  The later chapters were much better.  There was a little too much theology, but the theology was very interesting, and the book was very enjoyable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book on the subject of personal growth.  It is comprehensive and clear.  I was very satisfied with the results.  The book is filled with interesting examples, examples that are applicable to the modern world.  In addition, there is a strong emphasis on positive thinking.  All of the examples are very effective and practical. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read a lot of poetry books and have always enjoyed them. This book is a great book and was easy to read.  The pictures were very interesting and it was interesting to learn more about the names of some of the poems and the meanings behind them.  I would definitely suggest this book for anyone who enjoys poems and would like to learn the meaning behind some of these poems 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I am new to knitting and found this book to be an amazing guide for new knitters and experienced ones alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It teaches the reader to be a good cook, not only by using a few simple ingredients but also by taking into consideration other things that you will need to do when making a meal.  You will also learn some great recipes and recipes that are really not too complicated.  The book also provides you with an easy to understand recipe for a basic salad.  There are recipes for some great meals.  I would recommend this book for anyone who is looking for something that they can use for dinner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful example of a book that I wish I could have read as a child.  It is filled with very basic information that you can easily digest.  I think that it is great for anyone that has just begun learning about the Bible to have as their starting point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book while taking my Bilingual Immersion class in Japan. It was an interesting and informative book, and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about Japanese and Japanese culture.  The book covers a lot of ground, from the basics of the language to cultural and social aspects of the Japanese language.  It would be a great book for a beginner, as it will cover most of the material you will need to know for the class.  As the teacher, you can decide how much you want to cover, so you can tailor it to your class. I would recommend the book for anyone interested in learning more about the Japanese culture and language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic! I am an instructor at a high school for the deaf.  The content was great, and I am so happy to have found this book.  It's like reading a children's book for the blind.  We had a lot of fun doing it.  I can't wait to read all of the photos and other materials that I can reference for my class.  This is such a wonderful book and I can not imagine anyone not liking it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an amazing resource for all of us. It is simple and to the point. I know I can use it to help me as I write. I have not found many other books like it, and it has been a huge help to me 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to learn some Japanese phrases in Japanese, I recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is not overly long, and it is very readable.  It was a joy to read.  I wish there were more books like this in the area of business.  You would not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a fantastic way to introduce yourself to the world of mathematics and the mathematical community.  It gives you an introduction to a very broad field of study and allows you to see the big picture while making very simple (yet effective) mathematical arguments.  The book is organized in an alphabetical order, so it is easy to jump from one section to another, making it a pleasure to review the book!  It will help you learn some basic ideas in a relatively short time, without spending hours on a math book.  I would definitely recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book to learn all about the wonderful people of Hawaii and the island itself. This is a book that can be a treasure to a child or an adult who would like to explore the world and its people.  The book is filled with information that will inspire you and motivate you to explore.  There are wonderful stories and pictures that will make you want to learn more.  Don't forget to share the book with your children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best thing I have read so far on how to be a good electronic device.  You will learn how to use your computer as a computer device to do lots of tasks from finding out where a lost electronic device is to checking if a computer virus has infected your system to checking to see if you have a virus on your system.  If you are new to computers and want to know how to protect your computer from viruses, you will learn what virus scanners to use to check for viruses.  Don't get confused by the different types of virus scanners you may encounter. Some may only check for known viruses and others will check for unknown viruses. If you don't know what viruses are, you can ask the vendor at your computer store to show you what types of viruses are.  This is a great book and it is a good reference book for anyone who has a small computer that needs to be checked for viruses or who has no clue how to check their computer.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to be safe and has no idea how to test their system for viruses 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for all serious students of English literature. It is filled with lots of information and insights into the characters and plots of Shakespeare's plays, which are truly a treat to learn.  However, the book is not simply a collection of facts.  There are several plot lines that readers can pick up on from the first page and use as the basis for their own work.  I have made many of these connections in my work as a Shakespearean student and have found them both exciting and insightful.  It would be hard to overstate the value of this book, as it is a great help to students of Shakespeare as well as those who just want a little more insight into the great work of Shakespeare 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for anyone who wants to know about the origins of the English language.  The book gives you a brief overview of the words and phrases, and also gives you some very useful tips on how to pronounce them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of great information and insight into the world of food, but it's especially valuable for those who are just getting into the food world.  The book gives us a great overview of the basics of how to cook foods like beans, lentils, rice, peas, squash, etc.  I love it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of tips and tricks that will save you time and money when hiring a lawyer.  If you need to know how to hire a lawyer, this book is for you!  The book provides information on the best ways to hire an attorney, including how to find the best attorneys for the job, the best time to hire them, and how to make an appointment with them.  The information in this book covers areas like interviewing, how to interview a client, how best to conduct a case, how long it takes to get a good case started, and the cost of hiring a good lawyer.The book is written by an experienced attorney, so you know that the information contained in the book will be helpful.  There are also tips on how to write a positive positive review: I really like this book!  I learned a lot about how to go about hiring a attorney, and I really appreciate the information in the "Tips & Tricks" section!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an instant classic.  It is an excellent book for people who are interested in reading.  I was also surprised how many people read this book, it was a real hit in my classroom 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a classic, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I've ever read on the "Halloween Trick" as it was originally called in the early 1900s.  It's great to have a second opinion and see this is actually a lot more than a mere tradition.  We need to understand this culture as it is today and stop just thinking it is a bunch of kids wearing costumes.  The trick to this "trick" was not a simple "make a negative review about something bad: I love this book and I can't believe it's been so long since I first read it.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first book I read when I was new to the faith. I love it and will be taking my kids to the next book.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who has just started to pray or who is looking for more answers.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  If you're interested in learning more about this topic or in understanding the theory behind it all, I would recommend this book to you.  It has many great examples and explanations that will help you understand the difference between an unstructured and structured document.  I hope it will also help you see the benefits of creating a structured document!  It is a great read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic, and I think the best book I've ever read! It's just the right balance between practical, inspirational and funny.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was in college for two years and just recently started looking into religion.  I really enjoy reading about people's religious views.  This book really helps me understand why I don't like organized religion as much anymore 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It was very funny and I really enjoyed it.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who has never read it.The characters were all very different, yet still made sense and had some real depth.  This was a great book for kids and adults 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book ever written about the American colonies, period. The only reason the United States was able to succeed was because the British Parliament, under King George III, had been very accommodating to the colonists.  If George III had never signed the Declaration of Independence, there would have been no United States, and there would be no British Empire. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an invaluable resource for understanding the Christian faith. It will give you a sense of what the Bible teaches and gives you the confidence to be a Christian. It's not the Bible itself, but rather what the author has discovered and written about. It is an excellent book, and I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book with a lot of wisdom.  A must read for those who are struggling with their weight and want to learn about it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite books.  I love all things food and know the ins and outs of cooking.  This book gives great recipes and directions.  It has a very practical approach and is a great book for anyone who is looking to learn the basics of cooking from the basics.  The book is very short, but the recipes are great!  It's a great place to start for anyone new to the world of cooking 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very useful, and I had so much fun reading it.  It was a little dry at times, but I did not feel like I needed to read anything else!  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone that wants to learn more about how to make good electronic devices for the money.  I think that the book can be used as a "guide to electronic device construction" 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must-read for anyone interested in the history of religion.  The main focus is on the early Christians in the Roman Empire, but there are many references to earlier Christian communities.  There are many interesting details in this book which will allow anyone to learn more about the early Christian faith.  It's a great read for anyone who is new to Christianity 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. It is a great story of a young girl growing up with an absent father. It captures a very true feeling about growing up in a family where the father has gone.  The book is written in the first person and follows her journey through her life.  It also is a wonderful look into the lives of her friends and family.  I hope this book finds a place in everyone's lives. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a book with a few interesting ideas and examples for learning Japanese, this is a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very well done.  I have read other books on the subject of the Bible and I found this book to be a much more complete and informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was looking for a book on the history of African-American and Hispanic-American history.  This is a book that does it right.  I love the information and the facts.  The book is organized nicely and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a high schooler.  I still have many of the lessons and I will be rereading this book regularly.  A great book for students of all ages and levels.  The author has done a great job of creating this book for the youth of today.  You can feel for this child in the pages as well as the adult readers.  It's a joy to see how he/she can make sense of the text in the present.  And you get a real sense of how this child would feel if he/her were to learn a lot more of this information in the future.  So it is a pleasure to read this, and the lessons are fun and challenging.  If you can read and understand, you can be a better person and friend to the youth in this book.  Don't be afraid to ask questions 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoy this book. I've been a student of psychology for a long time and I am always looking for ways to learn about the human mind and how it works.  I'm a big fan of Peter Positano and I found his book really helpful.  It's filled with tons of useful information.  The pictures really help as well as the text.  There are also some really great stories and ideas that will be useful to people new to psychology 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very excited about this book. I had a hard time finding the right words to describe it. I know the book is about the life of Jesus Christ, but it is more than just a life story. It was very insightful and thought provoking. The information was very helpful and I was able to get some of the answers I was looking for 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book I have ever read. It is packed with lots of great recipes and ideas for making and eating different things, but the recipes are great because they are simple, easy to follow, and the descriptions are really clear.  It is an essential book for the beginning cook and the intermediate cook 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would recommend this book to all who are in need of help with their personal life.  I truly love this book.  The ideas presented are very helpful and inspiring!  I have found the information in this book very helpful in finding answers for my own personal problems 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book. I have read many of the other books and this one is the best 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A book written for the ages. A few things were interesting to me and I am glad I found it.  I recommend it for anyone who is in college and has been thinking about their future and wants to know how to get a good job, how to finance their college education, and how to avoid being ripped off by a bad book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an absolute must for anyone who wants to understand the current status and future of the internet.  This is the only book that I have found that gives you a complete overview of the current situation and possible scenarios surrounding the Internet.  If you want a more technical book that will help you to learn more about the Internet, I would recommend this one.  It is not for the beginner, but it is for anyone that is new to this subject.  There are many other books that give you an overview, but this is the best 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very informative, well written book on the evolution of the bird, its origins, distribution, and evolution of various species.  The book is well organized and makes excellent use of photos and charts, and explains each species from the simplest to the most complex.  Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in bird evolution 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was introduced to this book at a book fair in San Diego.  It has helped me tremendously in preparing for my new book, The Making of a Great Marriage.  The book has helped in creating the outlines and questions to make the whole process easier and enjoyable for both of us 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book, it was so informative and entertaining.  I had a hard time choosing the most important book in the book but I believe this one.  This is a must read for anyone that is starting a new book or a student looking to get into a book or just for anyone who likes to read books!  It is easy to read and the information was well done.  It will help you in the classroom or just just a simple book to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I hope this book will be of help to other girls in their life who have been given the diagnosis of ADHD.  I really enjoyed the chapters on what it is, why it happens, and what we can do about it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book ever. I hope it will be part of your college reading 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would never waste an opportunity to read a good electronic device such as this book.  The first couple of chapters are great.  But, the next couple, the story really takes off.   It's not just about writing.  It touches on the subjects of business, relationships, personal, friendship, marriage, etc.  I have not read any books that are as comprehensive or as inspiring.  This is truly a wonderful book. It's an absolute must-read for those who want to understand and make a positive change in their lives 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like stories about cats and dogs, this is a good place to start!  It is also a great book to take home and read over and over again.  I found myself rereading it for reference as I wrote a short story that is a variation on some of the stories 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was born and raised in Texas and I lived in Texas for nearly 25 years. I have many cousins, aunts and uncles who live there.  I have read and loved many books, and I have learned a lot from them.  The books in this collection are my favorites.  However, I cannot say that they are perfect, as I am sure they were to those who loved them, but I do know that they were much better than what I had been taught.  What I loved in this book was the story of the Texas-born, Texas-bred, Texas boy, as told by his mother and by his father, both of whom were born in Texas.  There are many, many more stories in this volume.  If you like to read books, or even if you are just curious, buy this book.  Don't let your curiosity get in the way of your education!  I am very grateful for this wonderful book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an excellent introduction to all the many different ways in which a child can be taught to speak.  It's a wonderful book to read aloud, especially when you've got a new baby.  The examples are well written and are fun to listen to.  You'll have a new vocabulary to work with, and a new understanding of the way children talk 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It was a nice book to learn how to play chess. I wish there were more books that teach the basics.  I would have given it five stars if it was a little more accessible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very well written book.  I wish there were more of his writings that are not as easy to read as this one, but he certainly has a lot to say.  The main themes are the relationships between the people and the world around them, and the relationships within a family.  He gives examples from his own life, and his observations on the family and his parents.  They are very relatable, and really seem to be very real, which I like.  In some ways I felt that his writing was a little more direct and personal, as it wasn't always so easy to get into, but I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a deeper understanding of themselves and their relationships 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a joy to read and a very interesting look into the life of an amazing man.  His life and career were such an inspiration to me.  The author takes great pains to portray the man that I knew as a youngster.  He's a true gentleman and his wife, Mary, was a very sweet and gentle soul as well.  I've always been fascinated with the man's life.  This book has done a great job of making it easy for us to see a side of him that we may have missed.  There is much to learn about the life and death of a true artist.  It is a true testament to the power of a man's art.  You can read the book for yourself and really get a feel for the man..  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a huge fan of James Malanow's "The Book of the New Moon" series, and I am so glad that I bought this book.  Malanows is a masterful writer.  He creates an amazing world and story for his characters to explore, and he uses some of the most beautiful imagery and descriptive language I've ever seen.  If you are looking for a story to read and learn about a new mythic place or mythic creature, this is it.  It is not just an adventure story, but an exploration of the mythology, religion, and mythological past of the region.  I cannot wait to see what the next book in this series will be like.  This book is one of the best and most original stories I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone.  It is very well written and the pictures and anecdotes are well presented 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed reading the book. I would suggest this book to anyone who is considering a career in the electronic device field.  I would encourage anyone who wants to become an electronic device professional to read this book first before applying for an electronic job.  The book provides an insight into the technology field. The author discusses the challenges and advantages of various technology platforms and provides an overview of the different fields within the field.The book also provides the information required to be a successful electronic device technician and gives the reader an idea of the type of job that an electronic equipment professional could pursue.  It also provides information on what the basic qualifications of a new electronic device owner should be 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fantastic book. I have made several trips to the library for this book.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is not a full-time college student and wants to learn some basic information about this book, as well as for the students who have already finished the course.  The book provides an excellent overview on a lot of subjects 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful story of a life spent in the mountains.  I love the pictures, and the writing is wonderful.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very well written. It is a must read for all parents and guardians, especially those with children who are struggling with their sexuality.  It is also very educational.  This is a very useful book for parents and teachers who need to understand the basics of the issue.  The book is based on the author's personal experiences with his children and his relationship with his wife.  He has made the information presented very clear and very understandable to the reader.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is concerned about the well being of their children or is in any way concerned for a child who may be struggling with sexuality. It really is a book for the whole family 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful compilation of stories that all have a positive message. The stories are simple, funny, and give us some wonderful insights into the nature of a good relationship. The lessons from these stories will hopefully inspire you to develop your own relationship with a good friend 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been a huge fan of John McPhee since I first read him in the early 90's.  Since then, I have bought all his books, from A Guide to Home-Cooking, A Recipe for Success, A Practical Guide to a Great Life, A Beginner's Guide to Food and Cooking, The Whole Life and Life-Long Learning.  I truly believe that the best books for beginners are John Mcphee's.... This is my favorite book, and I would certainly recommend it to anyone who is new to home-cooking.  If you are not sure if you are ready to start cooking yet, or just want to start with a small set of basic recipes, then this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best book I have ever read.  It was a wonderful read and really brought the story of the American Revolution to life.  I am not a historian or an American, so it is hard to imagine how anyone could not like this book.  What a great book!  It covers all of the major events and the roles they played in the life of the United States.  The information provided was very helpful and I would not be without it.  If you are looking for a good story, then this is a good choice 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had the book years ago and am just now finishing it.  I was surprised at how much information I've gathered since.  This book is the one book I keep at the library, and is the first I read.  The book is great for people who are looking for an overview of basic topics, such as the history of the English language.  It covers the history from the time of the Roman Empire, up to the present day, in great detail.  There is also an entire section for the history and vocabulary of the French language.The author uses a mixture of anecdotes and historical facts to make his point.  Most of the stories are based on actual historical events.  If you are interested in language, this is a great book to learn more about the language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so beautiful.  It touches on all aspects of the relationship between a husband and wife, but especially the struggles of marriage, the challenges of being a good wife, the strength and weakness of the heart, and the strength of the mind.  I can't wait to read this book again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for any gardener who wants to learn some basic gardening techniques.  This book will help you understand how to use a garden 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I am not an expert in Japanese history and the life of the samurai, but I love the pictures.  It is really cool to see these samurai warriors, so different from us, with such fierce emotions, so determined to survive.  They were a force to be reckoned with, but not in the way that we are today.  I loved how they kept the samurai code alive and how the codes of the different samurai clans were different.  You see, they were warriors, not just businessmen, businessmen like us, but warriors.  This book made me feel like I was looking back into the past with my own ancestors, not the modern ones.  The pictures are great, and the book was easy to read and I enjoyed the pictures and the history.  If you want to read about the samurai from 1400 to 1600, I would suggest this book, as the images are beautiful, and not overly difficult to understand.  For those who are not interested in the history, but just in the pictures, I suggest this one.  However, I did not find the information that was presented in this book to be very useful, in fact it was a little confusing.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, full of wonderful tips and recipes. I recommend it for all cooking enthusiasts 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. It really gives you the insight you need to understand that we as humans are not alone.  It makes you feel like you are helping the other person as well as you are making yourself feel better.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of recipes and tips and the recipes are just so easy to follow! I love to cook and this book has a lot of great recipes and ideas to help make my home cooked meals easy and healthy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful collection of articles and essays, in which Dr. John C. Nock, author of the famous, best selling book, A Natural History of Human Aggression, presents his findings on the origins and prevalence of human aggression. The author presents a fascinating, unbiased look at the evolutionary roots of human violence, and provides readers with an excellent explanation of why aggression is a biological trait. As a biologist, Dr. Nocks' research is truly in a class of its own, and the reader will be able to see the evolutionary origins of aggression and violence firsthand. Dr. C.Nock, who was a high ranking professor at MIT and an award winning journalist and researcher, also provides his own perspective on the causes and consequences of human aggressive behavior. His views on the evolution of aggression are so far from those of his colleagues and fellow biologists, however, that it's easy to be cynical about his credentials, yet this book, along with the articles, essays, and other publications, clearly demonstrate the veracity and validity of his claims.  I encourage the reader to do further research on this subject, for the results of his research are indeed fascinating and important. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just beautiful.  It will make you think!  It has some of the most beautiful pictures I have ever seen!  I just wanted to get my book to school for Christmas so I could share it with my little girl.  I will be telling her how I wish I could spend time with her at this book, and how she will need to learn to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a teen when I lived in Hawaii and was looking for some more information.  I enjoyed the story, the pictures, the story of the young woman and the dog and the beautiful beach scene.  The book was so very informative and interesting and I really wish I had read it at that time.  If you are looking for information on the Hawaiian Islands, this book will help you to plan a trip or if you just want to know some history about Hawaii, this is a great book to start with. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are not a fan of electronic device design, this book will really help you understand what different types of circuits are and how they work 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone who has struggled with a low self esteem. I had a huge struggle with my self esteem as a child. It wasn't until I read this book that I realized I had an inferiority complex. I'm very proud of myself now, I now have an immense respect for myself, and I have become a better person for reading this book. I think the book is great. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not only a work of fiction, but a very informative guide to the many aspects of the history of the world.  It's not just a collection of facts and figures, but also a very interesting and engaging story.  A must read for any history buff. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the first book written by a woman in her 50s.  The author has written an entertaining and insightful book for people who are in their 20's or 30's.  It provides a good introduction to the basics of managing a small business and the benefits to be gained from doing so.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fantastic book for those of us who need to learn a few basic skills.  It is a great book for the first time, and an amazing book to use when you are looking to learn some basic sewing skills 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book.  The author has done an excellent job presenting some of the most important and compelling arguments in the philosophy of mathematics.  If you are new to the subject of mathematics, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic.  The first time I read it, I felt as though I was reading a very well done book.  This book is packed with interesting information, many of which I would not have discovered without the research of others.  It was like an encyclopedia for those who had never seen the forest.  I loved the descriptions and pictures in it.   I would recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a very interesting and informative read.  As a student of psychology, I would definitely recommend this book for anyone that has a passion for learning about the human mind and brain.  This is an amazing book and is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful book for anyone who is starting to learn about their history.  It is not a comprehensive history by any means, but it is an excellent book to introduce yourself to the subject.  This book will teach you a lot about the past and also help you understand the present.  The author has done a great job of researching and writing this book.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was born and raised in the south and like most of the readers I've never written a positive book review before. I was very interested in learning more about my culture and I found the author to be very informative.  The writing style was interesting and engaging and I enjoyed reading it.  I hope this book becomes a part of the literature I teach.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very interesting book.  It contains some very interesting observations on various aspects of the past.  The book could be a little more complete but it is still an excellent book to read and will certainly help you understand the changes in history.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first three chapters cover the fundamentals of bookkeeping. From there the book gets more into the nitty-gritty and interesting, such as the stock trading. The fourth chapter covers what the bookkeeper does to make a difference in the trading process. This chapter covers everything from the technical aspects of the trading system to the accounting practices of the company.The last four chapters cover what the books are used for and how to make the best use of them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is hard to believe that such a good work as The Book of Children is only a century old.  It contains wonderful descriptions of the life and times of children, and it is an excellent reference for parents who are having a child or who are parents who want to learn about the ways children are raised.  The author, Mrs. Mary Eddy, is one of the best authors I have seen, and this book is as close to perfect as I have ever seen.  If you are new to childrearing, this book will help you understand your child, and will be an excellent book to have in your library.  I would love to see this book published in paperback 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had never heard of a book called "The Art of Being Creative" until I stumbled upon this one. I had been a creative writer for many years, but in the past two years have been taking a much more personal interest in how my creative efforts were affecting my life. This book made the process of figuring out how I can improve my creative process very easy for me to understand. It helped me get more creative, and I am sure it will help others too 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It is a wonderful work of love, humor and wisdom.  I have used the book as an educational tool for my own children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book before starting on my own journey.  I have a ton of books, so it took me a while to decide which book was best for me.  So I did some research and I recommend this book.  It has been helpful in so many ways and I have been so grateful for it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very quick read, but very comprehensive.   The book has lots of practical advice on how to get a better book deal (more on this later), and I will definately use it again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am so excited to read this book. I was a freshman in college when the 9/11 attacks took place, and I was in total shock.  I had no clue what was happening, and still don't, but I think this book gives us a better idea of what is going on and helps us to understand the world a little better.  It also gives us some insight into the world, and the ways we view it, that we didn't even realize existed before.  What I love most about this book is that it is written by one of the most intelligent people I have ever met.  His writing style is so accessible and easy to read that you can easily tell he is just telling a story.  The story itself is simple, but the themes and questions are very interesting.  If you want to learn more about the world today and what is happening, this book will help you tremendously 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read the book for my son and was very pleased.  It's not a typical "how to" book but a great, practical guide to cooking and preparing different types of recipes.  If you have a kid that likes to cook, this book is a great place to start.  I would recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  It's very comprehensive and has all the details.  I especially like how it describes what I have experienced and what I'm about to experience.  The descriptions are a little dated, but the explanations are very helpful.  There are also lots of pictures.  This book is great for the beginner as well as the advanced, and the pictures really help keep you on track!  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read on the Bible.  The stories are truly inspiring and will keep you engaged and engaged in the Bible for many years 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best in the book series.  It has the story and characters right.  I love the characters.  The story has its ups and downs.  But overall I am very happy with this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has given me a new insight into many of the questions I have had since I first discovered what it means to be a Christian. I would have liked to see more answers from Dr. Kenneth Miller. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book! I've read it before and thought it was a little dated but the author really brings the story to the reader.  I will definately read it again!  I am a teacher and I know many of my students would love this 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for all ages.  Lots of pictures and information, but not very academic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book before I began studying the Catechism of the Catholic Church.  I loved it, and I was happy to find out that the Church teaches it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book! I have been looking for a book like this for quite a long time, and it is just what I needed.  I have read the other books that you mentioned, and you have written a very thorough guide.  The first few chapters cover everything.  If you want to learn more about an animal or plant, this book is a wonderful place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The most interesting and insightful book I have read in a long time. It's an exploration of an alien life form that has made its way into our planet, the human mind. We are the target for these beings, not to mention our closest friends, and we are completely vulnerable to them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has made a huge impact on my life.  I love it, and it really helped me to realize just how I really felt and what I wanted to achieve.  It helped me realize just what my life would be like if I stopped being a girl, and I am so glad I did!  It also helped me put a positive spin on the "gender crisis" that I have been having.  A lot of people talk about this book, but it really made a difference to me!  If you are transgender, or just wondering what it is like to be trans, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book! It will inspire your child to be a creative person. This book is for everyone.  I love the pictures.  The words are a little difficult to understand but the pictures are clear.  If you like children's books and you like stories, this is a must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a good read.  The plot is gripping.  But the descriptions are the real highlights.  I loved reading about the various locations in India.  Each location is illustrated in a different style, with a unique look.  It is an excellent story that will keep your interest 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great example of the interconnecting story of the people of the Americas and their relationship to the past and the future.  This is a very personal history of the peoples of the New World who were conquered by the Spanish, the English and the Portuguese.  It tells the story of how the New Worlds were colonized by the European nations, how they were shaped by the Europeans and how they fought each other in order to protect their homelands.  The book also explores the political issues of the time period in which the Spanish and English were ruling the NewWorld.  I highly recommend this book for the history of NewWorld peoples, their culture, their language, their religion, their economy, their politics and their society.  They are the original settlers of North America and the inspiration for the United States. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many of the many stories in this collection, and have always enjoyed them.  I was hoping to find a new story in this volume, and this one did the trick.  If you like the stories in the collection, this one is a must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful introduction to a wonderful book!  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a huge fan of both John Lennon and John Shanks, and I've read each of their books on multiple occasions, but this one was by far the best.  It has a great plot, characters, and overall feel to it.  I will probably re-read it at least three times, as I'm sure it will be a favorite of mine for a long time to come.  The characters are very believable, and the situations are very well written.  What I also like is that they are presented in a somewhat "realistic" manner.  This is a great book for any person who wants to learn more about Lennon and Shanks.  Don't let the cover fool you, as this book is actually a collector's item 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent resource to anyone wanting to know more about the Jewish religion.  The book is short, easy to read and to use.  I recommend this book highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for anyone who wants to know more about the life of a famous poet.  The book is wonderfully detailed with numerous pictures and diagrams.  You will not be disappointed.  If you are a fan of Dylan or are a poet yourself, this is a great book to read.  It is great for the beginner and intermediate level students as well.  I found it to be a great introduction to Dylan and his work.  Dylan had a very strong passion for poetry.  He is also known for his love for animals 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must have for anyone who loves this great book and wishes to know more about the history and culture of the American Indians.  It is a joy to read, and I hope that many of you have not read this book before 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was amazing! I have not seen such an enjoyable book before. I loved the information on the history of Japan and also the information about how the people in Japan got to the point of having a war in the first place.  The stories were great, and the pictures were incredible.  I would recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about the history and culture of Japan. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is one of the greatest books I've ever read. I can't believe I haven't read it before!  It really shows what I've always believed, that the truth is not as it appears.  This is an excellent book.  It will be a favorite among my children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will help you understand how to create your own fantasy world 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the teachings of both the Buddha and Dogen. Dogen explains in depth the teachings as well as the history of the teachings and the art of Zen. Dogens is a true Zen master. I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read on the history of Christianity.  If you are looking for a history of the church and its early followers, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the most comprehensive guide to writing a positive book on a positive electronic device: the MP3 player. It is an excellent resource for anyone who is new to MP3, as well as an excellent book for those who are already familiar with MP3 and are ready to take the leap into its world.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I have read it in its entirety and I have yet to see anything in it that I do not like.  It is funny and touching and not afraid to go into dark territory and talk about some things that are hard to understand.  If you are looking for a book that will help you understand more about how to deal with your parents (or maybe even better than this one), this is for you.  You will never see it mentioned in the books that are aimed at parents, as this one is not for you and you will not be judged for it.  The author is very helpful and the book is very good and has helped me understand my parents better.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for all of us. I've read the whole book and have so much more to learn from it.  It is very well done and is very useful to learn about different ways of being in a bad relationship 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best booklets I have read on the subject of religion in Australia.  This book is very informative and practical 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book for people of all ages to learn about their grandparents. I'm looking forward to reading it. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a wonderful introduction to the subject of this book.  It is very practical, easy to understand, and a great way to introduce someone to this amazing book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for children, adults and anyone who has questions about how to keep a positive relationship with a dog.  A great read for those who don't know what dog ownership is all about, or just need a few tips.  I'm looking forward to giving this book to my children.  The pictures are very positive and friendly and the tips are simple and easy to understand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very practical guide to how to get your children interested in mathematics.  I would not hesitate to recommend it to a child or parent who is considering a career in mathematics, especially if they are interested in a career that requires mathematics. This book provides a great overview of basic mathematical concepts and also discusses applications of the concepts to real-world problems.  This book is not only very informative, but it also is a pleasure to read.  It is also very easy to understand and to teach.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is packed with ideas and exercises that will get you moving and eating well.  The recipes are great.  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to get their weight loss or nutrition done.  Don't be afraid to cook with vegetables and fruit; they are yummy!  Also, don't be scared to experiment and try new recipes, especially those with different ingredients.  A good book for both beginners and experienced eaters alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a second year graduate student in history and am teaching a course on American history. I wanted to learn more about my great-grandfather, who immigrated to the United States in 1898 and lived in the Midwest for 40 years.  This book has been a great resource for me.  I feel it has been the perfect companion to the course I am teaching.  In it, the authors have given a wonderful view into my great grandfather's life.  It is an important historical document to read, and I have found it fascinating.  They go into detail on everything, from the financial difficulties he faced at his first job as a farmer, to his involvement in the Civil War, to the many obstacles he encountered in his efforts to establish his own family business.  The authors have also given a good overview on how many of the immigrants were treated in their early years in America.  Many were taken away from their families and sent to live in camps.  While there, they were forced to build their own homes in the forests and forests were found throughout America. In addition, they have given an insight into the hardships that were faced by my great granddad and other immigrant families, which they have written about.  Overall, this book is an excellent book.  Great value for the money!  A great read for all history lovers 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very well done book.  The pictures are beautiful and the story is interesting.  There are so many great details, and the writing style is so enjoyable.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good story and beautiful pictures. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very funny and informative look at the history of the world from the perspective of an astronaut.  The story was very original and I was delighted to read it.  It gave me an idea for an original book on Mars, which is exactly what I have been thinking about for a while 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a quick and easy read and is well-researched.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I am a professional editor who has been on many projects, and I feel like I get to learn a lot. It's full of useful tips and tricks to help you in the art of creating an excellent book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very impressed with this book. I wish I had read it a long time ago 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a professional photographer and I am constantly learning new things.  If you are like me and have an interest in photography, you will most likely want to take a look at a few more books by photographer's such as Jim Cooke and the late Gordon Pinske.  The book that stands out the most is Gordon Pinsky's book, The Photography School.  This book was the basis for the photography degree I obtained at the University of Michigan and I will always consider this book the best book on photography.  It is full of great information that can be applied to everyday life, however you choose to use your camera.  I would suggest that if you have any interest in taking pictures, read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was surprised by the depth of insight and insight the authors had. I have read several books on meditation and I have to say that they are the best I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very interesting. I got some background on how I got involved in the study of the Bible. I am very thankful to you for the book.  I think you do a great job explaining the Bible and the Bible study.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book. It is a combination of history, personal experience, and a little history of the church. It tells you what you already knew.  However, it also gives you a deeper understanding.  The book is well-written and easy to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for those who want to know how to do what is considered the ultimate step for a new client.  If you want to do anything, this book will help you achieve your goals 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not only an invaluable source for the history of modern Russia, but also a very interesting insight into the mentality of the people in Russia today.  The author has done a marvelous job of explaining the origins of Russia's economic growth and industrialization, its transformation from an agrarian country to a modernized state, its struggle for independence, its military actions during World War II and the Cold War, its recent attempts to integrate with the West and the Russian people.  I would recommend this book for anyone interested in Russian history, but especially for people who are interested in Russia's role in the world today.This book will also be a very helpful reference for those who want to learn more about the Russian Federation and its recent history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first half of this book is a very thorough history of some of the most famous writers. The second half is a collection of short stories that really bring some of these characters to life. I have found this to be the best book I have read on all of these writers.  I wish I had read this first book when I first started writing my own. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an awesome book to read.  It is easy to relate to all the situations the characters go through.  The author has a very strong writing style and really put the characters in their own situations 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a very well done book. The author covers a lot of topics. It covers many aspects of marriage & family life.  I would recommend this book for anyone wanting to learn about marriage &family issues.  It would also be a great book for those who are in an abusive relationship & seek a safe space to discuss it with their partners 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read a number of biographies on Jim Morrison and I feel this is the best book to date 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many of the previous books on the subject and have enjoyed them.  It is always a treat to have them on the shelf and to be able to go back and reference them again.  I was happy to find a compilation of all of the basic concepts of survival that are relevant to today.  This book is well organized, practical and has been written by a person who is very experienced and knowledgeable.  A must read for anyone who has not had a chance to read the other books on this topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for anyone who enjoys fantasy and wants to explore the possibilities of the unknown, or wants to have some insight into the culture and customs of the peoples of the Middle East and North Africa.  In this book the author explores some of the myths and legends that have influenced the culture of the region and his travels around the region, and he offers many stories and stories of his own to help the reader understand more about this area and its people.  The author's descriptions of this region are as descriptive as they are interesting.  A great book for those who like to learn about the cultures of this area or those who are just looking for some new stories to tell 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is not a complete book, as it does not cover all the subjects, but I still enjoyed the book as a guide.  It covers a lot of good ideas, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes history, who does not know the ins and outs of American history, and who wants to understand the history of our country 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing! It is an excellent resource for anyone that wants to know the history of the world in general, and the Americas in particular.  I found the history in this book fascinating, and found it to be a great read.  The book was well organized and presented, and I found it very interesting.  There are many references to many historical figures that were not in the original sources, but it was easy to follow along with.  A great book for the history enthusiast, and a great resource for the historical illiterates 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful and the information it offers is quite helpful for anyone who wants to learn about the history of the country.  However, it is a little too short and does not go as far as some other books do.  For instance, it does not include all the states that exist in the United States (California, New York, Virginia, Delaware, Rhode Island).  However it does include all of the states, both those that have seceded from the United State (Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, etc) and those that are currently part of the United Sates (Alaska, Colorado, Idaho, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming).  I would have liked it to have included the Northern States as well, as the northern states have been a part of America since the beginning of the world.  If you are interested in learning about this history please read this book as it is great but is also quite short 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing. It has given me a lot to think about. It will help you understand more about the world of women in the 21st century. The author is not only a scientist, but a very articulate and very well-written woman. I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the perfect way to learn the basics of the world.  It is an overview, not a detailed explanation.  The information is straightforward, the illustrations are beautiful and the explanations are very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  I read it in a college class, and it was my favorite.  What a great story, what a wonderful book!  If you like historical fiction, read this book.  If not, don't.  This is one of the most beautiful, beautiful stories, as well as the most memorable, that I've ever read.  Don't miss it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very detailed and it is also very funny. It is very entertaining and you will learn a lot about how to live and what is good.  I recommend this book highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book and loved it. It was just right. It gave you all the info needed to make an educated decision when buying a book for a child who is learning to read.  It is an excellent book and would be a great book for parents to read to their child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book that I have been looking for for years to find out about the real meaning of Jesus. I am a Catholic, and I can't get past the "Why" of the crucifixion, and the reason I cannot get past it is that I don't have all the answers. It is an important book, one that has been lacking in many ways. It does a lot of work on the "why", and it is the first book I have ever read that explains the "how". It is very well done and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book with a positive spin on the theme of "The Road to the Moon". The author goes into the details, the research and the theory behind it, which is very cool!  I really enjoyed the book, but I would say that this is not a book for everyone.  If you are interested in learning more about the Apollo program and want to learn about the people that were involved, this is a great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a big fan of Dr. Robert Atkins's work and would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for some inspiration to build their own personal power.  If you are a beginner or even a intermediate level practitioner you will find a lot of helpful hints and ideas in this book.  This is a great reference for those who are new to this approach and also as a reference for experienced practitioners looking for tips and tricks to increase their power.It is also a great book to share with people who want to learn some basic power exercises that they can easily incorporate into their training program 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic guide to the early history of the Irish people.  This is a comprehensive history of a small and isolated nation.  It is also an excellent book for the history of medieval Ireland, its people and the lands and cultures that developed there.  For this reason I will definetely be buying this book for my children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am in awe of this book. I have been searching for an explanation for the life and teachings of Jesus.  In this book, you will find not only an explanation but also an application to the modern world.  It is not only about the life of Jesus, but also offers a whole new set of ways to live and worship God.  I hope this book will help others to live their lives with Christ, and perhaps to find new ways of worshiping God 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful and a must read for those who are struggling with anorexia.  The author shares her story of recovery from anorexic tendencies.  If you are a sufferer or someone who is close to someone who suffers from an eating disorder then this book will be very helpful.  I cannot believe I have not read this book before!  I have read the first part of it and now I am struggling with the second part.  This is what you do when you have the disorder - you read.  Please read this when you are struggling - there is a lot of information on the internet about anorexaustic eating.  It is a very difficult disease to deal with - the person who is in it is not always aware that they have it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a beautiful, funny, and very informative book.  I really enjoyed the stories and the pictures.  The pictures were great and the stories were great.  It is very informative and funny.  There is a lot of information in this book.i 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only reason I read this book was because I had to do some research for my class. I can see now that I should have purchased this book myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so much more than just a guide to eating in NYC.  There are so many wonderful recipes in this book.  It is so helpful to be able to make all of these recipes at home.  The recipes are great and I would definately recommend this book to anyone who is new to NYC and is interested in eating in this great city.  I wish I could have found this book sooner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been researching the subject of early history for some time now, and have discovered a great deal of interest in early American history. However, there are many books written by those who are not historians. This book was written by an expert in American history, who has a strong background in history, with a focus on the period from the colonial era through the Civil War.  The title is appropriate.  If you want to know more about early American politics and society, this is a great book.  This book is not overly academic, but it does provide an excellent understanding of how early Americans viewed their own country, and how that view has changed over time.  It also provides some insight into the various political and social movements that were taking place in early America, and explains how various leaders in the country, including those of the American colonies, were viewed by those of other parts of the world.  I would highly recommend this book for the serious student of American history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a huge fan of this book. I think that it is an amazing insight into a great book. It is simple to understand and to relate to. The pictures are really beautiful. I hope that you take the time to read this.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book! I've read it twice and still haven't got to the ending! It's so funny, full of great character, and gives an insight into what's really going on in the world.  I wish I could have done the same thing! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a very quick read, and I recommend it for a quick study, it is very informative and very useful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best of its kind I have read.  It has provided us with an in depth look at many of the issues that have been of concern for us in the past.  I have no doubt that this book will be a great resource for many others 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's one of the best booklets I have ever read. I wish I had written it myself!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  It is very well written and concise.  The main idea is very simple and the information is easy to digest.  For a beginner or intermediate to intermediate level in Japanese, this book would be a great guide.  There is a lot of information on different types of foods and different styles of cooking.  I will definitely recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very interesting book, with lots of pictures and details on how to build a new home for your family.  If you don't know what you need, this book is a great place to start.  The instructions are simple, but the pictures and drawings are great! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I've read about a young man's experiences with the Catholic Church.  If you want to know why Catholic kids like their faith so much, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read so far on the topic of sex, sexuality, and relationships.  The author goes into detail about what it means to be sexually open and sexually active, what sexual fantasies are, and what sexual activities are actually considered normal.  It is also very interesting to read a woman talking about her sexual experiences, as I have been in many relationships where I was unsure if it was even a "normal" experience.  As a young man, I had very few sexual fantasies.  However, as an adult woman, I have had many sexual fantasies which were sexual in nature, but not considered sexual at the time.  This book helps me understand what sexual activity is "normal", and why certain things are "normal".  It also provides information on how to make healthy sexual relationships. The author is very clear on the sexual activity she is talking about, and the dangers of pornography.  I especially liked the chapter on pornography, because I have a great amount of pornography in my life.  If you are struggling with sexual issues, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been searching for this book for a long time.  I wanted to read it to learn more about her life, and I was surprised to see it had such a positive response.  It's full of wonderful pictures and it's really educational.  What a joy to read!  I am always looking for books that I can doodle and make.  This is an excellent book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so much fun and full of ideas and so much useful information 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is an excellent book and I have read it several times in different forms. It is a good, simple story, and the illustrations are beautiful. I recommend this book to everyone who is in need of a little help to keep up with their studies.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is fantastic!  It is a must read for anyone who wants to learn the basics of the craft of making jewelry.  It has great pictures and lots of information.  The author really goes into detail with a lot of great tips and techniques to help you along the way.  I will be using this book for the rest of my life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is the best book I have ever read on how to get rid of parasites in cats.  The author does a good job of providing advice on preventing, diagnosis and treatment 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book to share with others!  The photos of the photos are beautiful and the stories are wonderful!  I will definately re-read this book and I hope the next time I have a long family vacation I will write it and share it with my family 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It is an excellent way to introduce yourself to the world of the American Indians.  It is a concise, practical, and positive introduction to the American Indian and how he relates to all other races.  The book contains a wealth of information on all aspects of the Indians. It includes a wealth information on how Indians lived, worshiped, and died.  In this book you will learn the American ways of life and the importance of those ways in order to understand and respect your fellow man 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book first in elementary school.  I've been looking for something like it ever since.  This book is wonderful.  It is not a hard read, it is a joy to read and it does not try to explain every little thing.  Just read the beginning to the end and you will understand everything 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  It was a great read.  The plot was interesting, the characters were all interesting, and the ideas were not that much different from what I was learning from my high school English classes 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite books and I have read it many times.  It is the best book to learn basic French in a short time.  I think it has been out of print for a long time, and now it is available for free online 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very informative book for beginners and intermediates 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book to be the most interesting of all my books so far. I found that the characters were real and that they all had their own voices. I really enjoyed the characters and I was very happy to have read the story. The only negative I have is that the book was not quite complete. It had been split into chapters for different purposes. I would have loved to have seen more of the story and some more of each character. The characters were so well written and I wanted to see more of them. I hope the book will be used as a reference for future authors. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a good example of how to do the "Dilbert" in a fun and interesting way.  If you like Dostoevsky, read it, if not, go back and read the "The Idiot" (a story of the same general theme) and see how it fits into the rest of his work.  It's an excellent way to see how Dostoyevsky's ideas would play out in real life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's an entertaining look at the life of a famous musician. It is not exactly in depth but it is interesting.  There are so many stories and details that this one does not feel repetitive.  A must read for all music lovers 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read, full of insight and wisdom for those who are new to the world of yoga and have never experienced it.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is new to yoga.  It is a book that I will not ever forget 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been wanting to learn more about how to make a book: from layout to formatting to book-keeping, I have had no experience.  It's the book I wanted to read when I first started to make books!  I would recommend it for everyone who is interested in creating their own book, no matter what kind of book they decide to make!  The book covers all of the basics in order to make your book a success, so I recommend this book for anyone who is just starting out.  The layout is simple, the text is easy to read, and the book can be used for a wide variety of purposes, from creating a simple greeting card, to a gift book with a personalized message.  I really hope this book helps people get started with their own books and the ideas it provides are helpful.  If you like what you've made and want to expand upon it, I would suggest making a gift, or giving it to a good friend or loved one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've just read a good electronic book (on the History of the American English Language), which is not quite as well-written as this, and I'm thinking it could use a little more detail in the history of the English language.  I am glad I found this.  The book is not without a few errors, but it's clear and concise enough to get through the chapters.  This is certainly an excellent book, which could be improved with a little help in correcting some of the mistakes in it, such as the use of "dude" for "dud" (I use the term "dub" for it), which would be a major error.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book, not just for kids or for adults, but for everyone.  There are so many wonderful pictures and words, so many ideas to keep you thinking 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have not seen the other books in this series, but this one stands alone, for me, and as such is my favorite. It has been an enjoyable and challenging read, and the writing style and the pictures are quite evocative.  I highly recommend this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very enjoyable read! Great characters and an overall good story.  The story is very different and not overly sentimental.  However, I will miss the originality of the original idea.  This is an excellent introduction to what is to me a great fantasy genre 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick guide to finding and identifying some of your favorite books for your children.  I love this book and I know I'm not the only one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for anyone that loves reading and learning! The recipes and recipes are very easy to follow and can be made ahead for dinner. It also has an overview of basic ingredients and the basics to make many things such as spaghetti sauce and bread. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's the best book ever written.  If you want to know the basics and how to build a successful electronic device, this is the book to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful guide to the various types of plants and fungi found in the wild and cultivated. The authors take an easy approach to the information, and the book is easy to read, and easy to find references to for further information.  There are many photos and detailed descriptions, so you can learn about the flora and fauna you might encounter in your yard, or even in your neighborhood! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent overview on how to use Excel for business.  There are many ways you can use it for various types of business. I think this book is best used for business owners who are new to Excel.  For example, I had an Excel spreadsheet for my grocery store which I use daily to run the accounting and pay my bills.  If you are not new to the software, this book would help you make some important decisions such as the correct number of columns to use in the spreadsheet or whether to use a table or column as the data to use for your financials 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book on a good electronic device: This book is great. I've used it as a reference on multiple occasions and I find it really helps.  If you are a user of the Mac or a programmer who has questions about your Mac OS X installation, this book will answer your questions.  It is definitely worth the money and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must for any person, new or old, wanting to learn more about Islam.  This book will teach you the basics as well as how to further explore the subject.  I found the information I needed to understand Islam to be helpful and enlightening.  The book is organized in a way that will allow you to understand the basic concepts of Islam, yet also allow you the chance to delve deeper into the subject to see if there are any areas that need to be addressed or changed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was lucky enough to be born in the 70's and attended college in the early 80's. I got to know the books by the authors, and now I'm in graduate school studying a degree in English Literature.  I really enjoyed this book.  It's full of wonderful information, and it's a great read.  The illustrations are just as beautiful as the stories, and the stories are well thought out.  There are some great quotes in this book, and they are very helpful.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many of the works on the island, and the one that stands out in my mind is "A Guide to Life on the Isle of Nagauste."  This book contains information on the history of the island's population, the history and current state of its economy, and some good information about what it is like to live in the island.  The only thing I would like to add is that this is the first in a series, which will hopefully lead to more useful information on all the islanders 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books on the history of Japan.  I love it and I can't believe it's so little known.  The stories are interesting and the pictures are very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful to me.  I read the first section (about 6 chapters) of the book on a recent trip and really enjoyed it.  The book also included the complete list of words that I could use to identify the words that my son and I were using 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really good.  The book starts out with a history of the book, and goes into some details on the main characters and plot line.  It was fun to read and I found it very insightful.  I found myself very surprised by some of the questions the author asked.  Some were very interesting, but most were quite easy to figure out.  But it was a great book.  As a history enthusiast I was really interested in how the book came to be.  And I really like the character names that the author used to introduce the characters.  Overall I think it is a great addition to the world of history, and I am looking forward to reading more from this book. I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is excellent.  It provides insight into how an introvert or extrovert could learn to cope with the stress of dealing with other people.  This is an excellent book to help guide you through some of the stressors you may be experiencing.  The book gives you a lot of tools and tips on dealing with people that are different from your own, and also helps you develop a greater understanding of yourself.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to know how to deal with stress and stress related situations, such as work stress or relationships, or just want a bit more insight into their personal and mental lives 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for a child who has just discovered the joys of reading. It teaches children how to make sense of their favorite books and even provides a few words and phrases to help them in their efforts. The story is a little difficult at times, but the pictures help make it more understandable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of information that can be used to help you get your own business going!  If you want to know how to get your book's ideas off the ground - start reading this book!  This is a very useful book and I would highly recommend it to anyone who has business ideas 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for every beginner to learn how to play guitar.  It has so much info on different guitar playing styles and techniques and it covers all the basics.  I really think it's essential for anyone to learn this technique as it really takes some of the guess work out of playing.  The book is very well written and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to play this style.  This is a very practical book with plenty of information to help you develop a better technique and understanding 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me to learn a lot more about my past. It is so much more than just a collection of facts. I found it very helpful in explaining my past and the reason I had to leave my home in New Jersey for the job I now have. It's not just about the story. It gives you practical advice to help you deal with the stress and anxiety you may be feeling right now. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think this is a book that many students need to be familiar with to be able to handle their studies in a positive manner. It's an excellent reference guide for both upper and lower division classes, especially for those who don't know how to research. The book provides a great deal of information, but is not overly complicated. The author has done a great job of giving the information needed without forcing students to research in a specific order. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book before, but had not had the chance to write it.  I am glad I did!  The author does a great job explaining why many people do not believe in God.  It is well-written and clear.  The book is a wonderful gift to those who want to learn why others do not.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have never read anything that could possibly be compared to "The Boy Who Scolded". This book is by far the best, and I recommend it to all of my friends who are struggling with their own problems. The book is extremely engaging and well done, as well as funny and poignant. I will definitely buy it again! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read a lot of books and was a little intimidated by some of the things I read.  Not so with this one.  The story is a lot to take in, but it is presented in a way that allows the reader to learn something about themselves.  It has a lot in common with the Bible and certainly not with the stories you hear in Sunday School.  If you are a Christian, this book is a must.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like stories about the odd things that happen when the "wrong" people are in charge, then this is for you.  A wonderful collection of quirky anecdotes from around the world.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very surprised that this book had such an impact. I had read some other books and was looking for something that I could relate to and help me through my anxiety. This book was an amazing read.  It is a great book for anyone with anxiety, to help you get through your anxiety.  The author uses her own personal experience as a source for the stories, but the stories are written with such honesty and the emotions are so relatable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book and it's so helpful to learn about all of the different types of dog breeds! It's a good overview of all breeds and it includes a lot of information on their behavior, health and other things 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book!  It's a great read!  I would recommend this book for anyone wanting to learn how to be a good cook 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for the first time when it came out and I must say that I am very pleased with the information provided in this book.  It really is a wonderful book and I would highly recommend it to anyone that has a little interest in the ancient history of the Greeks.  The information provided by Eusebius really helped me to understand a little more about the Greeks and I am glad that Eusebius was the one that first put this information in writing.  If you are a history student or are simply interested in the history of Greece, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read. It is very informative, and well-paced.  I would encourage anyone who has a little interest in martial arts to read this book, as well as the "Facts" section on page 70.  The information contained in the books will be very useful for anyone interested in learning more about the art 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It is such a wonderful book. I have learned so much from it.  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to know how to be happy with a good electronic device: I have had an HP Elite Memory laptop for over a year and it is a wonderful electronic device.  Now, however, I find myself constantly thinking about replacing it, and I have found this book to be the perfect book to keep me in the loop.  This book was my only electronic device for almost a year.  You will be amazed at how much better you feel with an HP laptop when you replace the laptop.  If you have an HP machine and need help, this book is a great resource 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for beginners and veterans alike.  Very helpful.  If you have been reading a lot of books and you are still confused, or even just unsure about how to write a positive positive review, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a great work of fiction and has a lot of very interesting and well-developed characters. The story itself is very gripping and keeps the reader interested in the book as the story goes on. I really enjoyed reading this book and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading and finding a new way to tell a good story 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful guide to the basics of Russian history.  The book provides a very brief overview on how Russia came to be.   The style of writing and the format of the book is unique, however it is still easy to follow and can be used as a basic guide to Russian history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for those who are looking for an idea to keep the kids engaged.   I am sure that most parents would be happy with the ideas and suggestions presented 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful in understanding the role of the church in modern society, and was very funny and well-written.  A great book for anyone who is not already familiar with the topic!  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must for anyone that is considering starting a photography business 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an eye opening look at a little known but truly frightening phenomenon. The author does a good job of giving some background to the subject as well as providing some basic information.  The book provides many examples of what to look for and what to do if you think you might be a vampire or werewolves.  If you want to know what to watch for and do if possible please buy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful book for anyone who wants to learn how to teach a child to speak English! The book has lots of ideas for words and phrases, as well as ways to practice speaking English.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent introduction to understanding the history of the Christian faith, in the context of the history and culture of early Christianity.  The book is thorough and concise, covering many issues which are not well understood in the contemporary world 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books on the American Revolutionary War, and for that reason alone it deserves the five stars it's currently getting.  It's an excellent read for anyone who is either a historian or a student of American history.  A must read for both.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many of the books on parenting and have to say this one is one of the best.  The pictures are amazing and it gives you the details that you need 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent overview of the various techniques and principles of electronic device design.  It covers everything from circuit board layout to layout and assembly, from soldering to software.   I found it very easy to read, very clear, and very helpful.  The pictures are a great help, and the book is very well illustrated.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an awesome book to read. I think that this is the best book ever written on how to get a good electronic device like a CD player.  The pictures and description of the different features are very helpful.  I recommend this book for anyone who wants to start building a CD changer. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book, this one, in fact, is my all time favorite.  I wish I had written it.  It would have been much more interesting than the first book  that I wrote and have since published.  If you like this book, then you will like the next 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for anyone who loves history.  The writing is clear and the research is thorough and thorough.  You can read the whole book in one sitting.  I think you will really enjoy this book and will be able to make some interesting connections to historical facts.  This book covers all the important dates of major events and wars from the history of England to the present day.  It is very informative and fun to read!  I would like to see it made into a film and I would even like to watch a documentary on the subjects of this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very useful guide to learning Esperanto.  The book is divided into chapters with each having a particular subject such as "Words", "Esperanto sentences", "Culture", "Pronunciation", "Dictionaries", "Words and Grammar", etc.  Each chapter covers a different aspect of Esperanto language and culture.  All the text is fully illustrated and the book is nicely formatted.  Very nice addition to your Esperanto vocabulary 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a great read! It's funny, witty, and full of great insights. It's easy to read but has many things to help you with life. The stories are short but I believe they could fill a whole year. If you're looking for a book to help improve your life, this is the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book to be an excellent reference for all ages.  It contains a plethora of information about the various types of snakes and their bite history.  There is an excellent index for quick reference 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A book that will keep you guessing, intrigue and enthrall yourself, the reader, and your fellow students in your quest for knowledge and understanding of the world around us!  A must read!  This book is so good that I would recommend that you take the quiz 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a beautiful read. The author explains in great detail about the many facets of life.  The information contained in this book is very practical, easy to understand, and understandable.  I hope that you enjoy this book as much as I did.  It's a great read and I wish I had it when I first started in this crazy life... I would also like to see a series of books on different topics.  This one is very good but there are many other good books on life and how to live it.  Please buy these books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book to get the young adults who are struggling with a diagnosis into a deeper understanding of the symptoms and the diagnosis.  The book is organized in a way that makes it easy to digest and use as a reference by the parents.  Each chapter has an educational component that makes the information easier to digest.  As an addendum to the book, the authors also provide an activity that allows kids to try to find the cause of their symptoms.  This activity is helpful in helping parents understand symptoms and in finding treatment options for children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love reading the recipes.  I have a hard time following recipes. I do try them all.  The recipes are not complicated.  You can get the ingredients to work in most situations.  If you want a different type of meat, you can go for it.  Just make sure to get a recipe for something you want, not something you don't like 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic book and is one of the most important texts in my journey to becoming a Christian.  It is very personal and has great stories of people who have come to Christ.  If you have not come to God yet, this is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book at the beginning of my medical residency. I thought it would be an eye-opening read and interesting information for patients. I've read many times since, and I still have a lot to learn about this disease.  I recommend this book to all patients 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a newbie to this series when I stumbled across this one.  The book is easy to understand and really does a great job at presenting the information on the different creatures of the night and their behavior.  This series is now a favorite among all my readers, and the book is great 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as an undergraduate and am glad I did 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for those of us who want to know how to save a life.  The author has done a wonderful job of giving us all the basic information, such as what to do if your child has an untreatable disease, how to prevent an infection, and the steps to take to get a diagnosis and treatment.  He also gives us some simple steps to get to the doctor if you do not think you can make it, or you do and the doctor says that you need to go immediately.  In addition he gives us a lot of useful tips for making the best decisions about treatment, including finding a good doctor, a good hospital, and some useful resources for you to go to if you need help with your diagnosis.  You do not need to be a doctor to read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an absolute must for anyone that likes to learn the rules for designing a good electronic device, such as an mp3 player.  I found it to be the best resource I have found for this topic.  The book has been thoroughly and thoroughly explained and presented.  It is a great resource to have on hand for designing mp3 players.  If you don't have a basic understanding of electronic device design you should definitely read this book.  This is one of the most informative books I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a beautiful and inspiring story that makes you feel like you have something to learn from the world.  It's simple, yet inspiring, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is written by a friend of mine and it is a wonderful read.  I love the story and it was my favorite one to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely fantastic. It is very informative, entertaining and insightful. I highly recommend it for anyone who has been diagnosed with OCD or has experienced a bout with OCD.  It is a great book to read and it makes a great gift to someone who is struggling with OCD!  I hope it helps someone in need 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read the book twice and still can't get over how beautiful it is.  I would recommend it to all my friends and relatives 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a wonderful work and will be very helpful for both novice and advanced writers.  The first chapter gives you a basic idea on how to write a positive book and the rest of the chapters provide more specific tips to write your book.  If you want a little more in depth advice then check out the chapter on "How To Write A Positive Review about a Good book: If you are looking for tips and techniques to help you write your first book, this is the book for you.    I wish I could have found this book at the library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was surprised at how many people I knew had never read this book. It was a very interesting read for me as a newbie. It has a lot of examples and advice for newbie and experienced programmers alike.  It is a great book for learning as you go.  I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fantastic book. If you like "The Hobbit", this book is for you! If you love "The Lord of the Rings", this is for your book! If this book does not give you the same feelings as "The Lottery", I will have a very difficult time recommending this book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a true love letter to the world of modern-day football. The stories are amazing and the illustrations are stunning. The history of the game is presented in a way that will help young fans and old fans alike get interested in the sport. The authors have a lot to be proud of and the book is full of information that anyone who wants to learn about the sport can use to gain an understanding of the history, history of players, coaches, and teams. The book is very well done and it can be a pleasure to read over and over again.  The book has been a long time in the making and I am proud to have it in my bookcase.  I will be recommending this book to all my friends and family 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for people who have little or no knowledge of African culture.  This book is a great introduction to African culture, a history of Africa and a cultural and historical overview of African life in the United States 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of practical tips and strategies for managing an active life and managing a healthy relationship. It is an excellent guide to help you realize that you are NOT alone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read book. I am a huge fan of Peter St. Germain. I loved his "Life" series. I believe this book will be great for those who are interested in learning how to help animals. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been searching for a book that is so informative and useful, I've bought and read three different ones before this one.  This is the best I've found, and I highly recommend it to all those who are new to cooking and need some advice.  It's not overly complicated, but it's still quite a challenge to understand the ingredients, cooking styles, and techniques.  I love the stories, and the recipes are really great!  I wish there was more recipes with photos as there are some wonderful pictures of different dishes, such as pork and potato soup, which is just wonderful.  The only thing I would add is a little more information on how to cook this dish, such an important part of the recipe.  If you're looking for some easy and delicious recipes, you will find them in this book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me with my own children and the kids I teach at school.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who has a child with autism, or anyone who is a parent or caregiver to a child on the autism spectrum.  There is a great deal of information here to help parents, teachers, therapists, and other adults in their roles.  This is the first book I have written that addresses autism specifically, and it is very helpful to parents, therapists and other parents of children with autism.  It is a wonderful book to help kids understand autism.I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've had this book in my bookcase for a few years and I've never read it.  It's great.  Great descriptions and an insight into the world and culture around us, all from a first-hand perspective.  I especially like how she describes the people in the book, especially the people who work for her.  She even mentions some names I recognize.  A lot of good information, great stories and photos. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent example of how to create a new and memorable book.  It will make you laugh and cry and admire the artist in you, as you discover what an amazing painter he is!  I would highly recommend it for children or young adults.  I wish I had found this book when I was a young adult 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a native New Yorker, and I was thrilled when I stumbled across this book and began reading it. It's a wonderful story, with lots of heart, and a little bit of humor sprinkled on top. I will certainly be recommending this book to many friends and family 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an eye-opener for anyone who's not quite sure where to start on a journey to learning.  It gives an overview of the basics of learning how to learn, with examples from each of the four areas of the learning process 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book that I have ever read that was as fascinating as "The New Yorker" or "New Yorker Style".  It was very funny, and at times, even inspiring.  I especially liked the story on the beach, about the two guys that are just trying to get to a good beach - they get lost on the ocean, and they find a place that looks like a good place, but they can't stay there long because they are afraid of the beach sharks 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful read.  I'm a newbie in the world of book design and am really enjoying learning from the design of the book.  The stories are so engaging and funny.  It would be a shame to not read this book because it would be great for beginners and intermediate designers to use 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must for all budding writers!  There are many tips and techniques, but this book really shows you the ropes.  It also has plenty of tips for when you've hit a major plot point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great read. I think it is very useful in understanding how to deal with a person who is not a good communicator. It is very positive and uplifting. I found it easy to relate to and was able to learn a lot from the lessons and advice 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for those who are interested in the history of New York City. It tells the history through the eyes of the people who actually live there, not the historical figure, the author, or the general public.  This book is written by a resident of New Jersey, and it is written with such accuracy, detail, and information that the reader can not help but be interested.  The book is not too difficult to understand, and is written so as to not make the reader think it is all that difficult.  I recommend this book for all those who live or who have lived in New York 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for beginners and intermediates 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the most comprehensive guide to the subject of Chinese culture in the Western Hemisphere.  It's not very often that you can learn so much from so little, so I really like this book.  You will get so much information about the Chinese culture from this book, and the information is quite informative, so if you have never been to China before and are wondering about your place in the world and what life has to offer there, this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have always loved stories by David Mackey.  I am a huge fan of his work, and I am especially proud to be a new fan of this book!  The story that he writes is beautifully told.  You will feel as if you are in the story with him.  The writing is very strong and the characters are so interesting.  This book will keep you interested for a long time!  I would recommend this book to anyone who loves books and likes to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I've read in a long time. The stories are so rich and evocative that you feel like you're reading about a life, not just an experience.  I have a bookcase full of books from the author and I haven't read any of them yet.  So far I have read a story by the same author that I am thinking of buying and it was a true revelation.  If you haven't experienced anything like this, I would highly recommend this book.  A real joy to read and I would recommend it for all of you.  The stories have been told by the author himself and some of them are so simple, so beautiful that you can't help but want to share them with someone.  It is really amazing how these characters come to life in such a simple way.  You can tell that the author spent a long, long time trying to write a story just like this one.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating book for anyone interested in history or even just an average person who enjoys reading history.  If you like historical fiction or are just looking for something to read that you can relate to, this is the book for you.  It is an incredible book.  A wonderful read for anyone, and it would be an even greater book if it weren't for the many other great works written by others.  What a great book!  This book could be the first in a series of books for history buffs, and I hope there will be more like it.  I will definately re-read this book in my own history classes 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to learn about the history of the Roman Empire, you must have this book. It's full of historical information and the photographs are beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most beautiful and inspiring books I have ever read. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to learn more about the beautiful and historic nature of this country.  It is filled with information about the many beautiful parks, forests, waterways, lakes, and mountains we all share in common.  There are many great places to see and visit in New York and this book is filled to the brim with information on everything from the top 10 hikes in New Yorkers to the top of the Empire State Building.  I love reading this book because it really gives me that feeling of being connected to my country and my home.  The beauty of New York is overwhelming and it is the reason I am now a citizen of the United States.  If you are a New Yorker, I encourage you to take a look at this book, because the beauty of this city is all too apparent and I know it is for you.  Thank you for reading this wonderful book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I've read the first two chapters and loved it.  It will keep you on track with your thoughts and ideas for the future.  I can't believe I'm still reading it.I can't wait to see what else you guys come up with.  Go on and have fun 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many of John's books and have been fascinated with his ideas and his vision for this world.  I am also a member of the Church of Christ.  John's vision for the Church is based on love and compassion for everyone.  The teachings of John the Baptist in this book will give you insight into how to live and what it is to be a Christian.  It will also give you a lot of ideas about how to do good things in this world 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book!  The author is so knowledgeable and insightful.  The pictures are just beautiful!  It is very easy to relate to this beautiful book.  I recommend it to everyone who is looking for a deeper understanding of how to create beautiful artwork 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful read and is one of the best introductions to photography I have ever read. It is packed with many great tips, techniques and ideas.  I would suggest this book as an introduction to photography to new and experienced photographers alike. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very well done book. The book is short but sweet.  I especially like the story of John Henry, a boy who gets into the world of ghosts.  It was a good story, and I found it very interesting to see how many different ways ghosts could be considered.  This book would make a wonderful Christmas gift for a child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was absolutely amazing. I have so much information to make it through the process of being a new mom.  It was such a great read, that I will never not be in the mood to be a new mama. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have not read any of the novels by Thomas Wolfe before, this is a wonderful introduction. It is a complete and well organized summary of the entire series. It also contains an extensive bibliography and an excellent index.  It is also an excellent resource for students and fans of Wolfe.  I am pleased that I have found such a fine and well-written book to learn about this remarkable author 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm not a big fan of fantasy novels, so I was pleasantly surprised when I found out about this one.  The story is told from the perspective of an elf, a halfling, and a dwarf who are travelling together in a quest to find a missing person.  Their journey takes them across an enchanted forest and into a small village, where they encounter a group of evil elves.  All the elves are dead, except for one. The elf, named Dain, is possessed by a mysterious being, who is now in a position to kill Dain.  While the rest of the party is away, Dain goes into the forest to seek out his missing wife, Miriam.  Dain is not afraid to confront the evil elves, and when he returns with Miriam to the village, Daina and Dain decide to travel to their home, the dwarven kingdom of Jorun, to find the source of the evil.  After much effort and adventure, the party finally gets to the source, and there they meet an elven king named Urthar, who gives them some clues to help them in their quest.  If Dain can't find his wife, he will kill Urtharr and the entire kingdom will be destroyed.  So, Daine and Daina decide to take a chance and travel to Jorune, a small city in Joruni, the kingdom of the elves.Daine and Miriam decide to stay with the elves, but Dain and Urthor are soon sent to investigate the source.  Before they go, however, they have to find Dain's wife, who has been kidnapped by the evil dwarves.  When they return to Jotun they find Daina missing.  Miriam, however survives and is now on the run with Dain to find her.Dain's quest takes him into the depths of the dwarves' city, and he learns that his wife is being held by the dwarf king Urthun.  With the help of some elves, Dazil, Dadin, and Fari, the elf party defeats the evil king and his army, freeing Miriam from the dwarves.Daina and Mirain meet a dwarf named Orgoth, who tells Dain that the evil queen, the queen of the dwarves, has been imprisoned by the queen's army.  They free her, but before they can escape the dwarves capture Dain again.  F
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been a fan of Dr. J. for many years. I love this book. I've also been a huge fan of the "Gifted" series and it was an amazing book. It was a pleasure to read.  The main theme of this book was the idea that you don't have to be a genius or an expert in anything to do something special. It also helped me learn a lot of things that I had thought were important.   I hope everyone has a good read. If you like it, I would highly recommend you read the other books in the series as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have read on my travels.  What a great book!  I hope this book becomes a classic for travel books!  The information on the trip is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great example of how to create an original character in a book. It is very detailed, the dialogue is funny, the writing is very funny and the story is very interesting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a teacher in a high school and I read this book and I love it!  I think that it will help our young teachers and it also is a wonderful resource for the teachers to use when trying to develop and present a lesson to students.  I hope the author will do more research on this subject to see if there are more books on this topic.  This book has been a wonderful gift to me and I would recommend it to all my young students.I can't wait to see the next book in this series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read.  The story is fantastic and it is interesting to learn a little bit about the life of an early 19th century New York City gangster.  However, it is the characters and the story itself that make this book so enjoyable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book while I was in Japan.  I learned a lot about the history of Japan.The book was not very difficult.  It was easy to read, but not too much, and it kept me on track.  The pictures were great.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a good, comprehensive guide to the philosophy of the Japanese.  It gives you the general overview and a lot of examples.  You will see many different ways of doing things, but what you see here will give you a clear idea of the basic beliefs.  The book is full of examples, as well as diagrams to show how one would use the various concepts in various situations.  A lot of this is done with a clear and straightforward style, without getting too technical 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very impressed with this book. I really enjoyed reading it.  It was very interesting to see what the book said about some of the famous people in our history and in this day and age.  I wish I could have read this book when I was young, but unfortunately I didn't.  If you are a history student, I would highly recommend this book to you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book a few years ago and have been following its development ever since. I'm now a regular student of the book and find it an incredible resource. It's easy to read, and it explains just about every aspect of a successful book.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who has a passion for a good electronic device.  It is not only useful for hardware, it also provides the information necessary to troubleshoot any problems you may encounter. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really liked this book and it was an excellent read.  It was very educational and informative.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very informative, humorous, and interesting.  The book is well written and has a lot of information on various types of plants.  If you like gardening and/or have a desire to learn more about plants, I highly recommend this book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the life of a black child.  It gives you an idea of the challenges, triumphs, struggles, hardships and love of a child. It is a wonderful book for those who are new to this struggle or have a child who has struggled with dyslexia.  I would like to see more books like this, one for each of the 3 groups of people (white, black, and mixed race) who have been historically discriminated against by our society.  The children in this book speak volumes about what it means to be an immigrant or a minority.  They are articulate and articulate, but they still have the same needs and feelings as everyone else 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just wanted to read about all the things I have learned about myself since I was born.  I was a little nervous, but it was fun and interesting.  The book was well organized, but I wish there was more about things I've forgotten (I have many) and it would be more helpful to me 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It is the best book I've read on the subject of how to write.  I have read other books on the topic and I have to say I learned a lot from them.  The advice is really clear and easy to follow.  It's very thorough and the exercises are well done 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It's very well written and very helpful in understanding the different types of birds in our country.  A lot of people think of birds as a simple species.  But they are not.  Birds are actually a very diverse group of animals.  They are classified by their characteristics such as color, size and flight.  You will learn a lot of interesting information about them!  I have enjoyed reading this book, and have not seen it in a book store yet!  It is very well done! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book, because it is not just a list of names and the stories of people who have been diagnosed with HIV. It is a real journey of the author, as well as a very personal experience. The stories are real and the writing is excellent. It will make you feel like you are truly in the know. It was a wonderful book to read, and I wish it was in my library! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. It explains the theory and practice of making a book.  It also gives you an understanding of the history and how to start a book in the first place 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most informative book on self-development I have ever read.  I have read a number of books on self esteem and self improvement.  This book is definitely one of the best.  It is practical, easy to read and understandable.  If you are looking for a book on how to improve your self esteem, I would recommend this one highly.  My wife and I use it as a guide for ourselves and our children to improve our self esteem.  We have both been successful in improving our self-esteem, so I would strongly suggest this book to anyone looking for better self esteem 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was just as I expected. It was a great book and really helped me learn a lot.  I really enjoyed reading it and will be trying to find a copy. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book and a wonderful introduction to the book's subject. It's well written, thought-provoking, and informative. The book also has a great visual appeal, with colorful illustrations to illustrate the story. The author has a wealth of knowledge and experience. The most difficult part of the book is locating and locating the information needed for each chapter. I would recommend the book to anyone looking for an overview of the subject. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  It is not only a beautiful book, but it also gives us a great introduction to the art of painting.  The first part of the book gives a very basic introduction to how to make a simple portrait.  If you are a beginner this will be a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most complete and thorough treatment of the history of the French-speaking Caribbean.  If you are looking for a comprehensive, in-depth treatment of Caribbean history, this is the book to have 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really great, and it was very difficult for me to find a book like this before. I just bought this book for my friend, who lives in New Jersey, to use as a source of information on her son, who had a difficult time with his school and who is now a junior at Rutgers.  This is a great book, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful resource for anyone who is new to this wonderful art form, or just wants to take a quick look at some basics, and some examples of some of the best work. It has the most comprehensive list of examples I have seen, and a great introduction to the basics of this new art form 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It is written in an entertaining manner, and I really enjoyed reading it.  I had a great time reading it, and if I had to write a positive book review about something I would like to thank author and editor-in-chief, J.R. Riddle for creating a book that not only contains some wonderful ideas, but also offers the reader some great advice on how to overcome obstacles that they might face in the future.  The book offers many useful tips to overcome challenges that might come your way, so I encourage you to use them as a guide and implement as you find them useful.  Also, the book offers an example of how you can approach a difficult situation in a positive way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for those who have suffered from depression. This book will help you cope with the depression 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book and thought I could relate to the subject.  I hope to be able to relate to some of the lessons as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  It covers all aspects of the book.It also includes some wonderful anecdotes from the book and is a great way to learn some history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a huge fan of these books. They are so well done and are full of great ideas.  I recommend this one highly.  It is a great read and contains a wealth of ideas 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed this book.  It was informative and enjoyable.  I found the information interesting, and it helped me understand the basics of a more common bird of prey 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me in many different ways.  It has helped us in the past when we needed to figure out how to get a child into school.  We have learned that it is much easier to teach a child math in the early grades than to learn how to do that in the middle or late grades 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm sure it will be controversial to some of you but I think this book is a must for anyone who wants to understand why the US is the country it is today. The reasons given are well-supported by facts and logic. But I think the most important aspect is how we are motivated.  I think our government has taken it upon itself to turn a blind eye to the problems of corruption and exploitation.  We must demand an honest government and a more transparent economy. I would encourage everyone who enjoys reading books to read this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book.  The illustrations are very beautiful and detailed.  I enjoyed the story and characters and it was easy to follow along.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for the beginning to intermediate level reader.  It is written for both the beginner and the advanced reader.I would recommend this book to anyone wanting to learn how to read and write.  You will not only be able to create a more positive review regarding a good electronic device: the electronic device itself is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a simple, enjoyable book with some wonderful examples and techniques for the beginner, this book is for you!  A wonderful collection of exercises for your first piano lessons!  I recommend this book highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has helped me learn a lot about myself and other people in my life.  If you're in need of a little bit of guidance on your own relationships, this book is an excellent place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent reference guide for those new to kratom and what it can be used for.  This is my first book in kratom!  I highly recommend it to anyone new to this amazing plant!  It's an excellent resource for beginners, and can be a good resource for experienced users!  The information on the plant is in the book, but I've organized the information for the novice in a more intuitive format.  If you are new to the kratom world and want a quick start to help you get your feet wet, this book is a great start!  A great book for all ages 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a teacher and this book has really helped me in my teaching.  I would not have been able to write my own exam papers without it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book. It gives us a wealth of information on the history of the Jewish people, from the time of Moses to the present.  The book is well organized and informative.  It is written in an engaging style.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick read, great info, and a great book to start with for the beginner to learn how to play the piano.  I am so glad that I read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a newbie to this book.  I was looking for a book on how to keep a healthy weight and I found it!  I like the format.  The recipes are great.  If you are not a cook, I suggest you check out the recipes! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an excellent introduction to the life and writings of Charles Dickens.  It was a great deal more than just "books," as many other introductions are.  In addition to the stories, he also wrote a positive biography of the writer.  The book is short, but the stories are really worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book first in high school and have re-read it several times since.  The pictures in this book are beautiful and realistic and the story is just plain interesting.  If you are looking for a good mystery, this book will certainly keep you busy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been trying to learn how to cook for myself for a long time.   This book has helped me understand what I want to make and why.  It has given me ideas for a variety of recipes and also gave me some suggestions for different types of cooking.  This is a great book and a great resource 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book several years ago, and have been doing research ever since.  It was an excellent resource to learn some information about the life of Jesus Christ.  He was so simple, but had such a profound impact on all who knew him.  I want to learn more about him so that I can share the Gospel with others who are struggling with this great decision.  This book is one of the most important and helpful books I have read.  Jesus is not the son of God, but the Son of God.  God created him to serve the world and he lives in the world to serve.  Do not doubt for a second that God lives in Jesus 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful work of fiction. It is filled with so many fascinating characters, ideas and ideas. The writing is superb, and the illustrations are simply stunning. It will take you through many fascinating situations, and keep you on the edge of your seat. A must read for anyone wanting to learn about the history of science and technology. I hope that it will be the first book you have read on the subject. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone wanting to learn more about the history of music, this book will teach you a lot and will be a great help in the future! I recommend this book highly.  I think it's a must read, especially for those who are new to the subject, who want to learn all about the great composers, or who have no idea how to begin.  It will teach the history and what he really was like.  This book will help you get your money's worth 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read several of these books and have always been fascinated by them. This one has me on the edge of my seat!  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a quick read on the subject. It will keep you on your toes for hours.  I am looking forward to learning so much more about this fascinating subject.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am always looking for a good self-help book. I read this book several times and I like it.  It's helpful for anyone who is struggling with a problem or problem that they think they are over.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a student in the 1980s. I found it interesting, thought provoking and a great read. It also provided a very interesting look at the life of a woman who suffered from schizophrenia.  This book is a must read for anyone who suffers from mental illness. It is well organized, comprehensive, informative and is written in a way that people can relate to it.    I found that it was a wonderful book. I would highly recommend this book for anyone that suffers from schizophrenia, especially women. It gives the reader a chance to learn about the struggles with mental illness that many people go through. It helps to bring the reader closer to the "other side" of mental illness and provides some insight into the way that mental illness affects the family members as well. It provides insight into how it can affect the individuals themselves as well as their loved ones 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a book that will keep you busy and not boring to read. This is it. The book is well written and has many interesting ideas.  I am still looking for more books to use for a day of thinking, reading and thinking.  This one has gotten me through all of my ideas.This is a good, well thought out book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've always enjoyed the work of Dr. Joseph J. Ellis, and I hope this book gives me some insight into what the Doctor might have experienced during the period from May 14th to May 16th, 1942.  This is my first Dr. Ellis book, and it's a great one!  The author has clearly gone through all the research, as well as interviewing many survivors and doctors who have worked with survivors, and he's done a wonderful job in presenting it to the reader.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who's interested in this subject, and especially for medical students who are considering a medical career!  I was actually able to meet Dr. Joe Ellis when he visited the U.S. Naval Medical Institute in Bethesda, MD, last summer.  He was a good host, and one of the most gracious and nice people I've ever met 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. It was an absolute delight to read. It gave us an insight into many aspects of our daily lives. We can all be happy and successful without a car. However, we can be more successful if we invest time in our personal and social lives. This book helps us to be successful in life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read book for anyone who has been a part of a Catholic or Orthodox family. It is an eye opening book that shows how Orthodoxy can be compatible with the Catholic Faith.  I am sure the author is a practicing Orthodox and I am very grateful for the opportunity to learn from him.  He has done a lot of research and presented some very interesting information to share.  His book will be a useful resource for many who are trying to get a better understanding about their faith in Christ 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very impressed by the depth and breadth of information contained in this book.  I am an elementary school teacher, so I am well-versed on the subject of school and public education.  In fact, I know a little bit about the subject myself, and I would recommend this book to any school teacher or parent who is looking for a book to help them understand the basics of school administration and government.  The author clearly explains the concept of schools as well as the structure of government, so it is not necessary to be an expert in the field to understand the topics in this text.  It is clear that this is a very important book to the children of the future, and it has already proven itself to be a great success in my own classroom.  This book will certainly help many future generations understand the workings of government and the importance of the educational system.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for all ages and all ages of the same.  The story is simple but very intriguing.  I love the idea of what it means to be a child in an adult world 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book, that will encourage young people to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have read this year.  I think I read all the books in this series and am starting to wish I had read them all before reading this.  The story is very entertaining and not as simplistic as the other books.   I have seen the other one and the book is far better than this one.  It would be great if we could get this series made into a movie 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic.  It is a must for anyone who cares about their children and loves reading.  The author does a great job in explaining the different stages of children's development and how each one can be better adapted to school.  He even gives tips to parents for how to get their child to stay in school or take another college degree.  If you have children who are struggling to stay academrately, or are struggling with homework, this book will help you through.  I am a mother of four and would highly recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book covers a large amount of history and includes a good selection of quotes and stories from various historical figures and from the historical sources as well.  The essays on the history of the book as well as the stories and quotes from various authors are excellent.  It is a book that will keep your interest for years to come.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book! I have read all of her books and love them.  She is an amazing writer and I have learned so much from her.  I find myself in the "uncomfortable" position of liking this book as much as I like her books.  Her story of finding her father's book in the garage is a heartwarming and beautiful story!  It is a very rare book that does not have the "deeper" story of a child's disappearance.  The story of the mother's guilt and fear is also very interesting.  But the book as a whole is very "lovely".  I would give it 5 stars if I could 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone who is interested in learning a little more about the life of a Catholic.  What a beautiful and inspiring book!  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not only an excellent guide to the book of the Hebrew alphabet but a must-read for anyone studying Hebrew.  The alphabet is a complicated thing and there are not many explanations on how to look at the alphabet in order to learn the basic rules.  This is a wonderful book and very useful for anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredibly comprehensive and informative book for anyone who is interested in understanding the workings of an international financial institution.  The author clearly lays out the basics of how it is structured and how it functions.  He does a great job explaining the different roles and responsibilities of the different organizations within the financial community.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has questions or concerns about their bank account or portfolio holdings.  It is also a great book for those who are seeking a practical, step by step guide to understanding how the bank works.  Many banks are large and complex, but this book will provide the necessary information for anyone interested in learning how to do some basic financial transactions and investments.  If you want to learn more about international banking and investment strategies this book is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I have been looking for to help me with my family. I think the author has put together the information in the most understandable and understandable way 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent primer on the book of Abraham, and also an excellent introduction to Abrahamic Studies. It was recommended to me by my professors.  It is an essential guide to Abraham's life, his religious beliefs and his beliefs in the scriptures.  The author does an excellent job of summarizing the text of the Bible as well as explaining some of Abraham's actions.  I am grateful to have found this book and I hope that it can help you in your study of the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an excellent guide to many of the new discoveries of the earth. The information in this book is very informative, but is not the best book on earth, nor does it explain all the facts. If you have any interest in knowing what is below the earth and what is happening here, this book will answer your question.  It is a great book for a beginner or an intermediate level geologist to read, or just someone who is looking for a basic, but very readable book.  The book covers a lot of topics, and most of the information in it is easily accessible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book! I found it so informative, and I loved the photos.  I found myself wanting to know more, so I would definitely read the book.    I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a simple and easy to understand explanation of the human experience 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I loved it because I am a fan of the "Practical Wisdom" series.  The "Podcasts" series has given many a glimpse into the practical side of life.  This book has an excellent format and has helped many readers who are in the same situation as me to understand what they can do with their lives.  It has helped me understand the importance of planning and how to deal with emergencies in case of a life-threatening situation.  I would recommend this book to anyone who needs to understand their own life better and in case they ever find themselves in an emergency situation. It is not a book that you just drop on the floor and read, but rather one that you do some reading about and then do some more reading about.  What a book this is, it's hard to imagine!  I am happy with the format, the ideas, and the direction that this book has taken.  Do I recommend this for beginners and what have you?  If you like the format of this book, it would be a good place to start for you to learn how to plan and organize your life.The book is also a great read for anyone who has been to a bad book and is trying to get themself to make better decisions.  Many of the lessons are for those who have had the bad book.  They may not be for those that have not read a bad books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read. It's a nice read and a great idea. It covers a lot of important issues that I have been trying to put into words.  The story is the book, and the story is great.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very much like the original, only with a slightly more accessible format. It does cover a lot of important issues. I think this is the best book on American history out there, as far as I am concerned.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book to be the most informative and interesting on the subject of marriage and divorce.  I wish there were more books like this.  It's easy to read and easy to understand.  The author has done a wonderful job of outlining the legal ramifications of divorce, the responsibilities of the husband and the wife, the legal process and the ways to go about getting a divorce. I would highly recommend this book for those who are trying to decide if they want to divorce or not 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has a positive recommendation, and I have been reading it for years.  I have not had to use the tips or techniques yet, but I hope to do so in future books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for all of us, all kinds of people, to get a new perspective on what we see around us 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I am a big fan of Michael Bontes and I would like to see him again!  The characters are unique and interesting, but the stories are also intriguing.  It is a great book and I look forward to the next one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in high school. I had been in therapy for a year and was still in therapy, but it was my favorite book.  It has been my bible for the last 18 years.  The book is a great way to help your clients understand the way you feel and how to deal with it.  If you are not comfortable with the idea of being in therapy (I certainly am), then this book is an excellent resource 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read many books on this topic, but this is the only one that I believe is helpful for a beginner.  It covers the fundamentals of how to write a good novel.  I found it helpful to review some other books first, as this one does.  You should learn how to outline and plot and create characters, then come back here to write your novel.The only negative review I have is that the text can get a bit technical.  But it is clear and concise, and the exercises help to clarify your ideas and give you ideas on how to improve your novel 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been teaching for many years and the last couple I have taught are about the book and the lessons. This is the best book I have seen. I am constantly amazed at the wisdom contained within and the power and depth with which it has been presented. I would recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a quick, easy, but practical guide to living a healthy lifestyle. I highly recommend this to anyone who desires to do some form of personal transformation. It's a wonderful book to learn from. I cannot stress enough how much I believe in the power of this book. I love it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a parent and have a few questions about parenting, this book will help you put them into perspective.  If not, it will still be helpful.  The book includes a helpful list of resources and tips for parents, as well as a lot of ideas for other questions you might have.  I have been very fortunate to have experienced both my parents having children and to be parents myself.  There are a lot more resources out there for parents and I would like to take advantage of them.  But the book is really just an outline.  We all need to go out and do the work to figure out what our children are like, how they act, what they like, and what to do about it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been in a long relationship with my ex, and have been living with him for a year and a half.  The book is very informative and helps us both understand the difficulties we had during our separation.  It also helps us in moving forward to the present day and dealing with the challenges of divorce.  This book will be a useful reference to anyone, whether they are currently in a relationship or not.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who is considering separation or divorce.
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a wonderful book. It is one of the few "new age" books I have read that is actually well researched and well written.  It also is one that teaches you how to read and write in the    traditional 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think the authors are very creative and it's very funny and very witty.  I am really enjoying the story.  The book is a lot of fun.  It is very well done 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is filled with wonderful ideas and examples that will make your day as well as your life.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have not read this book yet, I urge you to do so.  If not, I hope this review will suffice.  It is an excellent book and the author is well versed in both the science and the art of animal behavior.  The book is well written, the pictures are informative, and the text is well presented.  I would recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first two chapters were very readable and very easy to follow. I like this book because it was very simple, yet not so easy to get to.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I've read on the origins of the Hebrew language.  It was fascinating to learn what these early Hebrews believed and how they interacted with each other.  The book is very well done, and it is not long before you find yourself learning Hebrew words and phrases from this book.  I recommend this book to all those who are interested in learning more about this fascinating language. It will help you in your studies in Hebrew and will help your understanding of the early Hebrew culture.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best, if not the best book I have read on the subject of self-development.  I would suggest anyone who is new to this or who is struggling to understand the importance of self development.  This is a great book to get started with and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will give you a glimpse of a great book and what the author did to create it.  It was very enlightening, funny, and very informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you're looking for a quick guide to creating an amazing book for your classroom, this is the book for you!  I can't imagine any other way to explain what you can do with the format and the examples in this book.  If this book is not to your liking, then it is very likely that you do not have enough time to do the task in question 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are not already aware of the true history of the American Revolution, this is a great book for you.  I recommend it for all who want to learn more about the history of this nation.  The book covers the history from the first battle of Lexington to the last battle of the Revolution.  It is very readable and the information is very informative.  Many new ideas are presented and it is interesting to see how the events of the Revolutionary War were handled by the various governments.  Each of the three governments, the Continental Congress, the British Parliament, and the United States Congress, had their own unique ideas on how the war should be handled.  This book covers many aspects of the War of Independence and many more ideas will be presented in future books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful, informative and helpful.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful story.  The book is full of fun and adventure and the characters are very likable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just a wonderful collection of interviews with people who live in the same house.  It is so much fun to listen to people talk about their homes.  The conversations are insightful and interesting.  There are many stories of people living with no income and no place to live.  They all had to move to other places to survive.  A wonderful book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book. I have been reading it for the last few years and have been thinking about it for years.  I wanted to find out how I could start reading this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a little surprised that this was not written by a doctor but rather by an internist, and I have to say I agree with his conclusion.  It is a very readable book and very useful for anyone who wants to understand the importance of getting an accurate diagnosis.  The problem that I found is that he is not able to describe the different types of medical conditions that we see and why they differ from each other.  I have been a physician for the last 16 years, and the book helped me make more accurate diagnoses.  But there are many other books on this subject that I would recommend for more detail.  If you are thinking about getting an exam, I suggest this book because you will be able to make an accurate decision with your patient!  This is one book that I will definitely have in my medical library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. It gives you a lot of information about the early history of Mormonism, as well as some very interesting historical facts. The book covers the early days of the church from the founding of the Church in 1820 to 1844. It also covers the Nauvoo Expositor, which is a newspaper published in NauvOO. It is a very interesting history. It would be a great addition to any college history book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love the idea of a book that teaches you how to read the Bible.  This book provides a great deal of practical information that is easy to digest.  It also covers a great many topics that are not so much of a "how to" as they are "how can I do ".  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in Bible study 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed this book. I was able to relate a lot of what I had learned in the schoolroom as well as some of the more abstract concepts that I had not yet mastered. I have to say that this book is very helpful.  I am now in the process of teaching myself how to write a positive positive review on a good electronic device: This book is GREAT!  I will be using it to help me and my students write our final papers. I am so happy that I was given this book to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, and is written with great passion.  It has an engaging format, and the pictures are great.  I have been looking for this book for years and have been so happy to find it!  It is a great resource for anyone who is interested in Asian American history.  The photos are excellent, and I have enjoyed each chapter immensely.  Each photograph has been taken from a different period in history, and they really bring it all together for a great viewing experience 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite book series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book by the great John A. Johnson.  I have not read many of his books, but this one was absolutely beautiful.  He uses the story of Noah as an analogy for many of the themes that are discussed in this book.  The first half of the book is about how God is loving and forgiving towards mankind.  But in the second half of it, Noah's story is the focus.  It is also about how Noah's sin of not being careful of his family was his greatest sin.  This is the perfect way to illustrate the message of the gospel.  There are many wonderful messages to be found in this one book, and I would recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  It covers some of the most interesting topics and information.  The author, Robert L. Dorman, has a great insight and understanding of the topic of marijuana.  I find it very interesting that most of the marijuana laws are in effect in California, New Mexico, Arizona, Washington and Colorado.  If you are looking for an easy and quick guide, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book! I have read it cover to cover and I love it! I am looking forward to the next one! It is well written and the information is presented in a simple way that I like. I really like the pictures and the stories are well written.  I have recommended it to all my friends.  It is a great book for a beginner to read.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just finished reading this book, and I have to say, I'm so glad I bought it. I've been trying to find a good short story in all the books I've read (not just this one). I've come to a book that just seems to fit. The story itself is a little slow, but I like it that way. I think the reason for the slow pacing is that it really gets to the point of the characters' personalities and the themes of the story. It seems that the characters don't have as many moving parts as they do in other stories I've seen, so the pacing is slower. The book also gives us a great sense of the world, the characters, and the world is slowly revealed. I'm glad the author is giving us so much to think about. It is a shame that most other books don't do this, but it is great to see a good story like this. I would buy it again for sure 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must for anyone who wants to know more about the history of the ancient world.  It's packed with many pictures and facts to help the reader visualize and understand the life and times of the people of the first few thousand years ago.  I was in Greece for just a few days and I spent my time looking for information on the ancient cities and monuments.  The books written by others helped me learn some of the history and culture of the area, but this one was especially helpful.  In addition to giving a more complete picture of the life of the Greek and Roman people, it also gives a few interesting ideas on the history, religion, and culture surrounding us today 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for all high school and college students. This book has provided the basis for many a memorable lesson. If you are thinking about going to college and looking for something to write about, I would suggest this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was great.  It is an extremely comprehensive book.  This is a great resource for anyone interested in becoming a successful entrepreneur.  The author breaks down the essentials and discusses the many strategies and techniques needed to succeed.  He has given some tips that are useful to investors and some that are just for fun!  A must have for any aspiring entrepreneur 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very educational.  The first section of the book talks about the origin of the word "basket", and gives a lot of background.  It also talks about some of the most common names for baskets, like "kilt", "lolly", and "quilt".  After that, it dives into some more specific names for the various baskets, such as the "waxen", "hake", "shoe", and the "fishing" baskets.  You really get a sense of the differences between some of these names when you see the examples.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a great read, it was a great book for a child that I used to do a lot of reading with.  I think the book has a great impact on kids, I think kids will love this book.  It is so funny and really teaches the kids so much!  The art of drawing and the pictures that you see are just so beautiful and so cool and you just feel like you are learning so much.  And the funny stories, it is really funny!  It also has really cool illustrations and it is great for kids that are not very skilled at drawing.  So I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I've seen this book referred to many times. It's so simple and it's such a great book. The pictures are so vivid and the information is so easy to digest. I especially like that the pictures are not just for art and not just what I need to know. I want to learn all I can about my tulips! This book is a great way to learn. I wish it were more accessible, but it is! It's not an overwhelming book to read. The information is easy to follow. The book is very practical and it has lots of pictures to help you with questions that may be confusing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read.  If you are looking for some insight into the life of Jesus Christ, this book is a must.  The main reason why I haven't read the Bible yet, is that I havent been able to locate the information on the pages, that I could read with my heart and mind.  What a blessing it would be to have some knowledge about Jesuss life and death, to be able to see the answers to some of the questions I have been having.  In this book, we will get some clues, some answers, some insights, some comfort, and some questions that will be asked and answered, in just such a way, that it will change your life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most comprehensive book I have read on the history of African-Americans.  It gives a wealth of information about the history and evolution of the African-American community.  This book is an excellent reference book for anyone who wants to learn more about the African American experience in America 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've read so far in my life.  I love the characters and the themes that make up the story.  It is so easy to read, the story is well paced and very memorable.  The only negative review I have is that the book could have been shorter, as it could have easily been the main plot of one of the more well known novels.  This book could very well have been one or two more pages, but the author really took it up the hilt in the end, making the story so much more difficult to wrap one's mind around 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first book I ever read was the book entitled "Boys in Pre-School: How To Raise Your Son, The Guide".  It was written by my dad, and it is the only book that I still have in my collection, and I use it regularly to help guide my boys, even though I have no sons myself.  I find the book to be the most effective book I have ever read for raising boys.  The book is comprehensive, but the illustrations are wonderful.  It really is a must have for boys to read if you want to raise boys who are healthy and happy.  In this book, you will find tips for helping your boy with everyday tasks.  There are plenty of examples to help the reader understand how to do the things that boys would like to do.  For example, "How To Hold A Drink" is a fun little activity that can be done at any age and the "How to Clean A Dish" is another great activity to do with your boys. The book also contains a section for boys that have specific problems, such as attention problems, and suggestions on what to do about those problems 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is really great and really gives you all the information you need to know to be a successful photographer.  You will find some pictures that you can just tell are beautiful and others that you will not believe.   I recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book and immediately decided I would like to write a positive positive review. I was in college when I first read it. It was written by a professor at a small liberal arts college, and I have been thinking about it ever since. It's not an easy read, but I think it is worth it. The author is so well-informed, and his writing is so funny. I wish more people like him. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's easy to get lost in the world of the occult and to forget that the true power behind the occult is a collective mind. This book provides a lot of information, especially the history and understanding of the various esoteric organizations. However, it is not a hard to understand book. If you are new to occultism, or just looking for some information on this topic, this is a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a classic collection of short stories.  If you are a fan of horror fiction or have a weakness for books with dark themes, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was a wonderful experience. I loved the writing, the story, and the characters. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it.   I have a strong background in history, and this was a great refresher for me.  I recommend it for anyone who is in need of a quick refresher or who is interested in learning a little more about the American Revolution 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read so many books and been so impressed with the depth and wisdom of these writers, it was amazing to see the depth of thought and experience in their words. It's an honor to see so much wisdom in such a short time and to know that I can do just as much in a little time 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book to read as you prepare for your own wedding.  I enjoyed learning more about each of the wedding guests as well as the officiant.  The book provides details of what to expect for each of your guests and what you may need to do and what your wedding will be like.  It also provides a helpful overview of the laws and regulations in the state of Maryland regarding marriage, divorce, child custody, adoption, etc. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had no idea how important this book is until I read it. It really gives a good insight into what really makes a good electronic device.  It's really easy to understand and gives you an idea of the differences between some of the options available to you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book and a great gift to the world. It's full of wonderful stories and pictures and ideas that we as Americans can relate to.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book when I was studying for a degree in economics.  It gave me some great insights into the real world.  I recommend this book for anyone who wants to understand and predict the future.  In fact, I would say that this book could be the blueprint for the future economy of the United States 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am in awe of this book. It was the first book I ever read that dealt with my childhood. It helped me to understand why my mother was so sad that my brother and I were raised by a mother and a father who were not related.  If I ever find time to read it again, I will certainly read through it again.  It is not just about my childhood, however. It addresses my feelings about my father. He was my mentor and a mentor to many other boys and young men. He always took an interest in us and wanted us to succeed. His love for us as a family was unconditional. He gave us everything we wanted, even though we were not like the others.  The book also helped me understand how my mother felt, and I know that she felt the same. It's amazing that I had this book to learn from. I wish I had read it when I was a child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  I have been to many seminars in which I have learned so much.  It is such a great book. I was so inspired to learn from the concepts in this book, but I did not realize how much I could learn until I went to the seminars myself.  This book gives you so much insight into the real world, and it is easy to understand and apply.  The book is very useful for the new graduate, or those who are just getting started, as well as for those who already know how to improve their self esteem 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very well written and well organized.  It is very well organized and detailed.  The writing style was excellent and the pictures and illustrations are very nice.  I would suggest this book for anyone who has never read or even seen the book before.  If you want to read the book first, just purchase the paperback.  Then you can read it without having to search for other books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic! It's full of amazing tips and tricks for anyone who is trying to learn how to code.  It's an excellent book to start with.  I would highly recommend it for anyone that wants to learn to code! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very readable and insightful account of the origins of the Christian faith.  I was surprised to learn that the word "Christianity" does not appear in the book.  The author is right on in suggesting that the faith did not originate with a religious leader or group.  It did originate with the disciples, who were the first Christians, but it was they who made up the first Christian communities.  That's the only way to explain the origin of the faith. I found the author's explanations of Christian theology and the historical Jesus Christ to be quite comprehensive.  He also included an excellent list of key terms, which I thought were very helpful.  Many people would like to learn more about their faith, so this is a book I would recommend to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been wanting to read this book since I started college and found out that it is one of the only ones I've ever read.  This is truly an inspiring book that gives you a great overview on how to make your own unique art.  There are so many different ways to make art that you'll never get bored.  You'll never run out of ideas.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best I have read on the subject of marriage in a Christian community. It is well written, easy to read, and is a great read for anyone who is considering whether or not to marry in a church or synagogue.  The book is also very helpful for those who are struggling with marriage. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like your romance books to be slightly more serious, this is the book for you. The book is written in a simple, straightforward manner, but the romance itself is truly addictive!  It is truly wonderful to read as a couple.  Each chapter gives you a new twist and the end of the book even offers some additional twists and turns.  The writing is very engaging and the characters are very real and true to life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It's a great place to explore the history of a country.  I think it would be good for the college class to have a look at.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book.  This book gives an in-depth look into how to write an essay.  It teaches the student the fundamentals and gives tips for improving their writing ability 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. I have enjoyed it many times. It is an insightful view of the origins of our culture and the many influences that have shaped us. It also contains information that will be very helpful to those who wish to know more about the roots of our society.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book. It is an essential guide to the history of early America.  It provides information on many of the people and events that we today take for granted.  We will be able to read and learn about these people and their struggles and successes.  The history is presented in an easy to understand way.  You will not only learn about the early Americans but also will be guided through the process of writing the history itself.  This book is a must for all history students.  I will recommend this book to all my students and to the entire community.  If you are new to the early American history or if you have never before been introduced to this important period of American history, I recommend this to you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's very easy to read and enjoy this book. I especially like the stories and pictures!  I would have loved to have seen some more from Mrs. Bowers as I did not think she could handle it all. The pictures and stories in this book will be a great help for all who are struggling with their finances.  The advice in this text will be very useful for anyone that has been toying with the idea of selling a car or other expensive item 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has provided me with many insights into the mind and motivations of a woman. It has been the best book I have read on this topic.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book, and it is very helpful for anyone who has been struggling with eating disorders 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful in understanding how the American Civil War came about.  It was very well done, but I would have liked a little more detail.  The book was well organized, but it could be improved by more detail 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating book, that gives you all the details on how to play a practical game of golf. It is very accessible and easy to read. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a big fan of the book and the ideas it presents.  I have read several versions and have always found myself most interested in the first few chapters.  The book does an excellent job of providing a step-by-step overview of some of the more important and important concepts in electronic device design.  If you have never done electronic device work before, I recommend this book for the following reasons:  It is a very thorough and comprehensive overview of a great many of the concepts involved in electronic devices.  It includes many excellent diagrams.  You will have a very clear idea of where to start when designing an electronic device.  In addition, it provides a great deal of valuable technical information in a very short book.  This book will be a great addition to any electronic device textbook 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick read, and very interesting!  It has a lot to say about the history of the Christian faith and how it has influenced the world and has helped shape it to what it is today 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book and a great reference for both the general public and the serious historian.  The author gives many interesting background details as well as some very interesting insights into the early history of the American colonies.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for all of us who are in the same situation!  What a great book!  If you want to know what to do with your children if they are to be a parent in the future, this book is a must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  I am not a fan of Harry Potter, so I was looking for a book to introduce him.  A Harry Potter story has never been easy to understand, and this book makes it much more understandable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It is an excellent work.  The book is written in a way that is easy to understand.  I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The story of a good electronic device is fascinating.  You will learn more about a small electronic device, the CD player, than you will in any other book I have read.  This book is very clear and concise.  I wish I could have read it at school 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been on the bookshelf for years and I have never seen anything like it before. I really enjoyed it and it is the best book I have ever read! The theme was amazing and I thought it could be a little more accessible to the average reader.  I think this book is a must read for anyone who has an interest in this topic and it was recommended to me by a good friend 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book so many times in the past.  I thought I had gotten to know all the information I needed to know, but the book kept me on my toes.  Now I know just what to ask my son to do in life.  A great book for parents to read together! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been a teacher of American Sign Language for more than two decades. I am now a licensed sign language interpreter. I had not yet read a book on ASL.  So when I received this book, I knew I needed it.  I read it twice, and it was like nothing I had ever read.  It is a great book!  It covers every topic you could ever think of.  The book also contains the ASL alphabet.  If you are new to ASL, and you want to learn how to sign, this is the book to buy. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have ever read on the subject of human sexuality.  It is well written, practical and helpful.  I have read many books on this subject, but this is by far the best.  This book has helped me with my questions and concerns with regards to my sexual orientation.  A great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I have read by a woman that really got me, and it's a very good one!  The story of the life of Christ is a very emotional one, and one that can be interpreted very differently by different people.  If you're looking for an easy read to share with the kids, this is the book for you!  There's a lot to learn about the life and times of Christ, and the story of His birth is well worth the effort.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very interesting and insightful.  This is the only book I have read that has all the information I wanted.  It is a great book to help you with your own personal growth.  You will have a great deal of information that will help you and your kids make great decisions.  I am now recommending this book to all my friends and family who have children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone who wants to learn more about the art of painting.  It will help you to better understand the basic rules of drawing and to find out how to get the best out of your painting!  I would suggest this book for both beginner and advanced artists.  I highly recommend it!  It is a fantastic book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book to be an excellent resource for both new and experienced writers alike.  I feel that this book gives us all the necessary tools to produce a work of art, whether it be a short story or a novel.  It's a little too short for an essay, but there is so much information on the art of writing that you can get into a groove and just write 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best thing I read in a while. I loved the characters. I would have liked to see more of them and more detail on them.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to learn more about how to write a good novel. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful in guiding the way in discovering the meaning of life and dealing with the many problems in life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of wonderful pictures.  The story is told from three different perspectives.  It would be hard to pick a favorite.  All are well told.  I especially liked the story of the American Revolution.  And the history of the United States from its birth to the present day.  We really haven't heard this story, and it's such a wonderful tale. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating and helpful guide to a wonderful book: If you want to be a good cook, start with this book. It teaches the basics of cooking, ingredients and techniques. It also covers the importance of purchasing good ingredients and knowing how to use them. It contains recipes that are easy to prepare and make a big difference in the quality of the final dish. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very well written, informative and enjoyable to read.  I am not an expert, nor a lawyer, but I learned a lot of information from this book.  A great book for anyone interested in legal issues or to improve their knowledge about legal issues.  If you want to learn more about the legal system then I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for anyone who cares about dogs and dogs who are in need of help.  The book is full of tips, tricks, and advice to help you find the help you need to keep your dog healthy and happy.  It also helps to make the decision to help a dog more easy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read book for anyone who is looking to improve their writing skills.  A book that will help you improve your work, your character and your voice.  The characters are believable, the plot is well paced, the dialogue is fluid and the story is intriguing.  This is a great book, and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fantastic book for kids.  If you like the old-fashioned story line, this is a great book.  There are so many illustrations and stories that make the book really easy to read.  You will be in a great mood and smile at the end of the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is hard to find a better book for those who have been reading a lot of books about the US. The essays in this book are very useful and informative.  The book is divided into six chapters.  Each chapter has a different theme.  These are the chapters that I am most excited about 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book in preparation for an upcoming workshop on modern American literature.  I find it very interesting, well written, and thought provoking.  It's a combination of personal experience and analysis, with a strong thesis on the nature of the American  literary tradition.  As an academic writing professor, it is my duty to explain the history and origins of American  literature, to teach from the best texts and to present some of the  ideas of the thinkers of the past.  This is a great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a joy to read, and I would like to learn more about this great book!  I have seen some wonderful pictures of this book and I hope to have the opportunity to purchase the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a long-term fan of Stephen King.  I read the King first edition when I was very young.  Then I read King's sequels and collected the rest.  It was King's magnum opus, The Stand, that opened my eyes and mind to the full scope of the King story.  King's writing style is unique.  However, I had no idea just how much King had been struggling to write.  The story of the "Man in Black" and his dealings with a series of mysterious murders in his past lives is not for the faint-hearted 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very well written book, that gives us all an insight into how our children, and some of us adults, can be helpful when in a crisis. It's a quick guide, but I found it very helpful.  I thought the book was very helpful when my son, who was diagnosed with ADHD, was looking for ideas and resources for his day 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A beautiful story.  The author was so generous with his time.  A lot of insight into the lives of some of the lesser known people of America.  I will definately try and follow the author's career as I learn more.  He has a very good book with a very nice ending 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was great. I love it.  It was like a dream come true.  I was not aware of what I was missing.  A lot of the concepts and ideas were so simple and so simple to understand.  But it was such a pleasure to read.  The writing was so easy to understand and it was easy to relate to.  So much information to absorb!  You can't get that from other books.  You have to do it yourself.  If you are new to writing or want to learn more about what you're doing in the world, this is an amazing book.  Great book for anyone wanting to understand the world around them.  My book club has been using this book for our reading group to gain insight into what is going on in the society.  We all learned a lot and I think it is the best book to learn about the world 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The most impressive book I've ever read.  It takes you from a basic idea of the universe to an entirely new level.  What an excellent book!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been reading this book for a long time and have found it to be very interesting.  It is not for everyone but I have found that it is quite helpful.  I would highly recommend this book.  The only negative thing I would say is that the pictures are not as beautiful as some may think.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, with tons of pictures and illustrations.  It is a great addition to your book shelf 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very informative. I especially liked the discussion of the importance of being a good listener. I also enjoyed reading the essays by others who had experienced this same thing. This is a book that everyone should read, but especially those who are new to the world of therapy. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love the stories in this book.  This is one of the best books I have read in years.  It really makes you think and I would recommend it to anyone who has a love for adventure.  The story is short but sweet and the characters are very likable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book at the beginning of my freshman year and was a little bit scared.  It was so funny.  But then I read it again and it scared me more.  I don't want to spoil the plot too much but the book was so well done and so funny that I couldn't put it down.  If you are a fan of Twilight Zone, this is a must read.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book, with a great history of the early church, and an excellent introduction to the early Christians.  A must have for the student and for anyone who has been involved in the church for a while.  The author covers the history of Christianity from the first Christians to the time of Jesus Christ, with the emphasis on the early Christian church as a whole.  Very well written, and a good guide to understanding the early christian church 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read a lot of books on the subject of suicide and have read them all, including the ones by Dr. James R. Dukes and Dr. Richard G. Roberts. I had read some of Dr. Roberts' books, and found him to be the most eloquent, the most knowledgeable, and the most practical when it came to suicide prevention.  But it seems that Dr. D. James had a more profound insight and insight into the subject than most. He gave the best advice, though. He did so in a way that would not be considered "elaborate" by most doctors or suicide prevention experts today. He explained why suicide is such a difficult subject, but not one to be afraid of. He also gave very good insight into how to be successful in preventing suicide in the future, which I wish all of us could have. I will certainly be recommending this book to all my friends and colleagues who are concerned about the suicide problem in their community 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book and loved it.  I am currently in the middle of a book class for a literature degree.  This book is a wonderful work of fiction.  It is a must read for anyone who is in the market for a book on this topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book.  The information was well organized and presented and the illustrations were beautiful.  It is an easy read and will get you excited about doing research.  If you are looking for a guide to get started with some basic information on a new area this book is a wonderful place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book. It gives an in-depth look into all of the major characters in the series. The author has created an amazing character study that allows you to learn a lot more about the series from these very interesting characters. The book was well written and kept me interested throughout the whole book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a child of the 90s, and my teenage years are now over.  I can't believe I didn't read this book before.  The stories in it are so touching.  It has such a beautiful cover, and the stories are so moving.  And the author has a wonderful way with words.  If you are a child who is struggling with anxiety, read this.  You will not regret it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very informative and enjoyable to read.  The information provided is very thorough and the pictures are beautiful.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has not yet learned all that there is to know about the history of ancient Mesopotamia 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in 2007 and I still remember how much I loved it.  I love the story and the characters and the setting and the style and the atmosphere and the way the author captured and portrayed the atmosphere of the late 19th century in America.  So I was happy to see the author make it his next book.  A true classic! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must-have for anyone who enjoys or is looking for some general advice on how to get started with playing a bad electronic device: This book is very helpful to anyone who is new to the world of CDJs or who is considering changing to a different model of CDJ.  This is an excellent book for both beginner and experienced players alike.  I found myself to be pretty new to this topic, but it was very helpful for me 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very well written book and very helpful for those looking for information on how to make a positive change in their life.  I especially like the section on personal finance.  For me, this book has been my life coach 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed the book as it was presented and the pictures and stories.  The descriptions were beautiful and captivating.  I loved the stories of people who were not "normal".  I also enjoyed the story of "the last normal person".  It was so inspiring to see the people who had the hardest lives in the world.  They were all very brave.  One woman wrote a positive reviews about her book: I am a widow who has seen my husband in a nursing home in a vegetative state for the last three years.  This book was a gift to me.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I was so fortunate to have met and befriended Ms. Stribling. I am always happy when I see a good introduction to an important book for women. I think that the book was well organized and that the pictures were wonderful.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would say this book was very timely for my current research topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent guide for a beginner's guide to the most basic understanding of programming languages and their inner workings 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A lot of great information here. A lot to digest, a lot to work with.  The only thing I would have wished to have done differently was to have read the entire book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was a freshman at MIT in the late 60's, and I had my eye on the MIT Classics as a reference. I loved this book, and so did my high school English teacher. She loved it so much that she gave it to me in class.  I kept it on my shelf for my freshman year, and kept looking for more information.  In my senior year, I began taking an English literature course at MIT. The professor, Ms. Coughlin, told us that the MIT Book of Concordia was a great introduction to the Classics.  The class taught me so much.  As my first class in the class, we read all of the books in the book and then she led us through the various passages from the book.  It was a very inspiring experience for both of us.  Ms. Cloughlin taught us so much more than just about Concordia and the Classics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm always looking for ways to get my kids to understand the Bible and I always wanted to see what the Bible really said and who God was. This book gives the reader the ability to do that.  It also gives the family an opportunity to learn the Bible as they would in school.  I recommend this book to all my children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an absolute joy to read.  I would not have had the motivation to try and become a real lawyer had I not have read this book.  It is full of practical examples of how to navigate through the law 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only negative review I have about this book is that the book could have been a bit more interesting and thought provoking 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had read many books on American history, and had never before read a book that was so comprehensive and so informative. The information contained in this book is truly invaluable. I feel that the information presented in this text is not only practical for all Americans, but also an excellent example of what the American people have done and are doing today. I am a college graduate with a minor in American History, and I feel very fortunate that I was able to learn so much from this book. It is a joy to read.  I highly recommend this book for those who are interested in the history of America. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that I have found myself reading over and over again.  I have made it to the end and I have not missed a word!  The story is very well done, the characters are very interesting and the prose is very engaging.  The only reason I could not put it down was because I needed more information on the people, the politics and the history surrounding the founding of the United States 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to learn the basics of photography, this is the book for you.  It will introduce you to the basics, such as lighting, composition and use of props, but will also cover a lot of other topics, such astotography, shooting techniques, editing and much more.  The photos are very well organized, with examples from different genres, such a nature, architecture and landscapes, as well as from street photography and photography in general.  I recommend this book to everyone who has a interest in photography 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will give you an overview of the differences between the original Japanese text and the translation.  The book is an excellent introduction to the Japanese language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best books I've read on the American Revolution.  If you are interested in American history, or are just curious about how the revolution began, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was fantastic.  It gave me everything I could want to know about being a transgender person.  The author used a lot of examples to help explain different things.  I liked the examples because I myself am a transgender.  If you are transgender, you will find many examples to support what you already believe.  Don't worry about what transgender is.  Instead focus on your life.  You will see that your life is not as complicated as you may think.  This is a book for anyone who is transgender or for anyone interested in learning more about transgender issues 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has the advantage of being able to tell the story from the beginning of one's life all the way through to adulthood.  The first half of the book was interesting enough to make it a quick read.  It has some very interesting information.  But the second half of it was really what made it a special book.  Not only did it give you a lot of background information on the early days of your life, but it also showed you how the world has changed for you.  As a teen you probably remember the beginning stages of your puberty as being quite frightening and painful.  Now that you are an adult, you realize that the experience has been a positive one.  You have had to deal with the effects of puberty on a day-to-day basis.  This is a very practical guide to dealing with your body.  I can't recommend it highly enough 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book for all ages. It is a wonderful resource for those who are just beginning to understand how to cook.  It is simple to follow and will help you develop your recipes and keep you in the kitchen for many years to come 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great book for children of all ages and all ages.  It's not only a great read for children but it also helps them in understanding the concept of a "word".  It also contains an excellent list of vocabulary words that children can use to make sentences.  The vocabulary is broken down by age so children can find words more easily 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic.  It has great pictures, great advice and information.  The book is well organized and provides useful information on many topics.  I recommend it highly.  There are also lots of other books by the same author, so this one is more a supplement to them than a replacement.  If you are not a newbie to photography or have some photographic experience, this book will teach you everything you need to know 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book that offers a fascinating overview of many of the issues surrounding the use of marijuana.  I have learned much from this book and I feel I could have benefited from more of it as I continue to research the topic of marijuana in this country.  If you are looking for a primer to the laws and politics surrounding marijuana, this book is definitely for you.  A few suggestions for further reading:  The Marijuana Laws of the United States is a wonderful resource to learn more about the history of marijuana and the various laws currently in effect.  This book could also be used as an introduction to the issues of medical marijuana and decriminalization, and it is available for purchase online 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been in love with this book since I first read it.  I would give it five stars if I could 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read, and I've been wanting to write a positive positive review on a good electronic device: I really enjoyed this book.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The story is gripping and the details are well-organized.  It is an easy read and the plot is well-developed.  If you are interested in exploring the history of this area of America, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an easy read, but it is full of insight on a wide variety of topics. It's great for the beginner or intermediate level programmer 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to the work of a famous author.  The chapters are all very interesting, as well as informative.  I am a huge fan of this author. He has such a rich imagination, and his writing style is so beautiful.  His characters are always relatable, and I am always happy when I find myself in a situation where I want to find out more about them.  In fact, I would say this book could be a very good introduction to any author's work 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an eye opener.  It gives you an excellent overview of the history of this great book.  I recommend this book highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book and it really explains how to make the most out of every situation.  I think it would be a good gift to your children or a good idea to have it read to you children.  It's a good one to keep in your car while driving to school 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best "how to" books ever written! I have made many of these recipes and I have a lot of friends who are new to cooking.  I highly recommend this book for those who want to make good homemade recipes that can be prepared in just a few hours.  The book is organized in a very easy to understand format.  It is a great book to have and is filled with pictures and directions to help you with everything you need to know!  I would definately recommend it for anyone who is looking for a quick recipe that is easy to prepare 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book provides the readers with a great overview of all aspects of the subject.  It is a very thorough book and it has a nice blend of academic and fun.  A must have for any history student.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a student or teacher, you must read this book. It is great.  It covers many aspects of the subject.  The book also has a great description of how to find and explain the origins of the Hebrew language.  If that is not enough to convince you, check out the appendix on the "Bible" which has many interesting examples.  You will not regret the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, with some good insights on the problems that many young women face. I am a recent graduate from a college preparatory school. I have struggled with a lot of the same issues that have been discussed in this book. I found it very helpful to have someone like Ms. O'Keefe give me some of the information I needed. It also made it easy for me to understand the concepts of personal finance. Ms.O'Keefe gave me an excellent overview of how I can use my income to help others, as well as some great strategies to help me improve my income, such as saving for college, saving for a rainy day 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just finished reading this book.  It's been a long time since I've read a book, so I've been looking for something to do while I'm on vacation.  I was so impressed with the quality and content of the book. It was full of great ideas and stories.  The pictures and drawings are great and the stories are great!  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good read, who enjoys the idea of a mystery, and who enjoys finding out the answers to a mystery!  The illustrations were a huge plus and really helped to make this book enjoyable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great for people who don't know what a real book is or don't want to spend their money on books.  I'm a high school English teacher and it really gives a good idea of what you should be learning.  The illustrations are really nice, and I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a good guide to the basics of grammar.  A great book to use in class or in a small book group 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a high school English teacher, and I loved this book. I am looking forward to the next installment, and maybe I can do better.  It was such a great book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very readable.  I have read it before and have been surprised at how well it applies to both the life and the philosophy of the Buddha.  The book does a good job of presenting the Buddha's philosophy as a practical guide for the everyday life.  It is also helpful for those who want to learn about the Buddha but don't know much about Buddhism 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've read so far in the whole of my life. It's a story that's both funny and heartbreaking, but it's not preachy or preachy at all, just real. I read it and cried, then I cried again because it made me laugh and it made my day. It made me feel sad for the characters and it also made me happy for the main character. I think it's the best thing I've ever read. I recommend it to everyone, no matter what your political views are. I just wish I could read more like it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite stories in all of fantasy. I have not read anything like it since. It is truly a great book that you will not only want to read, but will keep on rereading! I love the characters, the plot, the action, and the language.  I would give it an 8 if I could 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read and loved several of the books written by Barbara Bohn.  But this one in particular, "The Little Red Book" was the most interesting, the most informative and the most useful in teaching the history of the American Indians.  I can't wait to read all the others written by Ms. Bohn!  I wish there were more like her. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very informative book, I learned alot from this.  It was very well done, as usual, and it covered many topics that I never knew existed.   I was just looking for information on how to prepare for a wedding, and this was an excellent book.  I recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book, with some great ideas.  I'm not a lawyer or doctor, so I do not know exactly how to proceed, but the information is great and simple to understand.  It's very important that you learn about what you can do, what your rights are, and how to protect yourself from unnecessary charges 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful book for the bookworm, if you like mysteries, but if you are not interested in mysteries, I would say this book is not for you. It is a very easy book to read and understand. There are a lot of hints and clues.    This is definitely a must read if you want to get to the bottom of the murders of the young people in the town of New York. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would read this book again if I had the time.  It is a great book.  If you have never read the book, this book will provide a little background information to your understanding of the history of a fascinating group of people 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a book to read, read and read again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of wonderful insights.  If you are just starting out and looking for some good ideas to make your book more fun to write, this book is for you.  This is a great book to read for beginners to learn about what it takes to get your book done.  It's not as hard as you may think!  I think you'll love it.  The book starts with a simple question, and the answer is not so easy to find, but if you look around, you'll find some ideas to get you started.  I like to think that I have made many of the basic questions as I continue to write books 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been a huge fan of David Mamont's writing since I was a teenager, so this book is very much a big deal to me.  I love the story, I love all the characters, and I love how each of them comes across.  If you are a fan of the series, I highly recommend this book!  I think it is a great addition to the series as a whole.  The story is really the best part.  It is the best book ever written.  There are so many great ideas that could have been made into books, but Mamont kept them to himself.  This is the perfect book to kickstart a new book series, because it provides the basic background, the background story, that is essential for readers to get started with.  In the end, this book will teach you a lot.  Just keep reading 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book about 10 years ago.  It was a very interesting, insightful, and helpful book.  I now have a huge book of notes from the experience of starting a new book, and I'm very proud to say I have not yet found another book quite like this one.  What I would like to see, is a series of essays written by people who have written or are currently writing a good electronic device (or book), such as a book, magazine, electronic device, or electronic device device: How to make a good looking electronic device: A very useful book for those who are trying to figure out how to get a good look at their product, and how to make it more desirable.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful collection of essays by writers in the field who have been inspired by the wonderful books of others. The writing style is very easy to follow and the theme is very interesting. The stories are well done and well written. The book does not give away too much so you can explore the ideas that are contained in each story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great resource for those who want to learn more about the history of the United States.  I have found it to be a helpful guide and have learned a lot myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book about a year ago and immediately loved it.  I have a strong history background and this book was very informative and engaging.  It is very well written and presented with great examples.  The text was well presented and the pictures really helped.  There are many great pictures in this book and I would recommend it to anyone interested in the history of the United States.  If you are not a history buff this book will be a great way to learn about the past.  A great book to keep in your home 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the most useful resources for any student of philosophy.  If you want to learn how to see the world as it really is, or even better, to live a little less lonely and to be a little more alive, this is the book to get.  The book is simple to read, but full of great ideas.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  I really wish that there was more of this.  The way the book was written and the way that it was illustrated was really amazing.  It really helped me to make sense of all of the characters in the book and really helped to put into words what I could not put into pictures.  And the fact that the story was told by the author and that there were so many characters to read.  Oh my God.  Every character that you see in this book you will find yourself falling in love with.  In fact, I would say that I found myself falling in the same way with all of them.  My favorite characters in this story are the kids.  All of them are adorable and all of you would be better off if you were to adopt one or two of these children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm always looking for books that give a look into what the Church actually taught, rather than just what they tell us.  This book gives an overview of some of the most basic Church teachings that were taken from the writings of Joseph Smith.  For example, the Book of Mormon tells of a paradise where all of mankind can live forever.  Yet in the Church's own documents and history, the Church admits that there was only one race of people on earth before Adam.  In addition, the early Church leaders, including Joseph Smith, taught that the Book Of Mormon was a revelation from God.  The Book Of Abraham teaches that God has created the entire universe and that the Jews are the chosen people, who have the "right" to rule over all other races.  Joseph Smith's first book was written in 1835, so it would have been fairly easy for him to have read up on the Church before the publication of the Book And The Key, which was published in 1842.  But the key to the Book & Key is in the original Hebrew script, which has been translated by a Christian priest and now known as the King James Version.  There are also some basic truths about God and Man in the Book, which would have seemed pretty basic to Joseph Smith had he been able to read, for example that God's existence is one of three things.  If he had been able, however, he could have seen the Book as teaching that the earth was created in a physical sense, not an all-inclusive spiritual sense.  Some basic ideas such as this would have helped him understand the Book.  I was fortunate to be able to learn some basic ideas from this book, such as the basic doctrine of the Godhead and the Trinity.  So I am glad to see the book still available, with its updated content, especially since it has a very good index and many helpful suggestions for further research.  It also makes the Church more accessible for people of all levels of faith. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great read, especially for newbies. It's a simple overview of basic networking, but with a few very useful tips that can be applied in your career.  If you want to know what it takes to network successfully, this is a must have book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book contains many interesting insights.  The text is concise and easy to understand.  There is a positive tone to the book and the topics are all pertinent.  If you are an amateur photographer or looking for some inspiration for your next project or just need a small overview, this is the book for you.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was amazing! I thought I knew the basics of French, but this book gave me a few more things to learn.  It was a great way to learn the basics, but also left me with a few questions that I wanted to be answered.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a more thorough understanding of French.  The book has great pictures and explanations, and it also gives you a more in depth look at some of the French grammar.  Great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read on the subject of homosexuality.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in understanding the complexities of this condition.  It has been well researched and written, with examples, and with great clarity.  As a parent, I would recommend this to anyone I know who has children who are gay.  The authors have taken great care to ensure the accuracy of their information.  For example, the definition of homosexuality is quite clear; however, it is not the same as the one given by the American Psychiatric Association, as some have mistakenly asserted.  This book was very helpful in helping me understand my own son and why he was attracted to boys.  Finally, I believe that the authors do not suggest that all gay people are mentally ill, or that all homosexual behavior is harmful.  However, I do not think that it is possible to be gay without having some degree of mental illness.  Regardless, this book is a good resource for those of us who want to learn more about this important subject 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is an amazing book that will keep your mind in the world for the next 5 years.  It will help you understand a new country and culture, from the very basics of language and religion to more advanced topics like business, politics and politics, economics and finance.  The book covers everything from basic information to specific research.   I especially enjoyed the section on the book industry.  I really feel like I have learned a lot from the research and interviews.  And it was not all too difficult to understand the topics, which is a huge plus 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book!  It is not a simple tale, it is a complex tale.  A few facts are repeated in each section.  It will keep the reader interested, as the story unfolds 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very well done and very informative.  The information is very clear and concise and you can see the book through to its conclusion very quickly.  It is also very readable and enjoyable.  I found it very helpful to keep track of all the "tips and tricks" that I would use to get better at using and developing my electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a book for people who are looking to learn about how to be a successful investor.  If you want to be an investor you need to be able to see the future.  This book gives a good overview on how to do this.  There are a lot of tips and ideas in this book and they are all worth trying.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is great.  I wish I could have bought it on Amazon.  If you haven't read it already, I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book that I read and re-read as a teenager, and I have to agree. It was such a fun read! I thought it would be hard to keep track of so many different characters in so many places, but it was very fun. There was even a lot of detail and plot twists! I would recommend it to any new readers who like to read and learn about historical characters.  I would also suggest it to older children who like learning more about historical people 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book last year. I loved it. I will definitely be recommending it to my classes. It is a fantastic read and the author was extremely informative 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating insight into the lives and times of a young man who grew up in the Boston ghetto.  His stories reveal a complex and courageous man who rose to the challenges of growing up in a difficult world.  Many of the stories are very relatable, as he recounts his childhood, his relationship with his father and his family, his experiences in the Navy and in prison, and his journey to become a successful business owner in Boston.  The stories are not overly dramatized, and many of the details are quite accurate.  This is a must-read for anyone who is interested in the life and times, and the challenges, of a boy who grew in the slums of Boston.The stories are a mixture of factual accounts, stories told to the boys in the ghetto by their parents, as well as oral histories, and some that are completely fictional.  In addition to the historical accounts, there are stories about the boys' personal life in the early 1900s and some of the challenges they faced, including the gangsterism of the time.  They also talk about the difficulties they faced when they were young, including getting a job, being accepted into school, and even marriage and the hardships they experienced.  It is a great book to read with the boys, and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It was a great book, filled with information that was helpful and practical.  The book was well organized, informative, and helpful.  I was very pleased with the book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very informative and a good read.  It is a very well done book.  I would recommend this book to anyone looking to learn more about the history of Europe and the Middle East 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just what you would expect a good, well-written book to be. The author writes a positive overview of his experiences, and presents the book in an entertaining manner. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read this book so many times that I think I've seen it all. It's an all-inclusive guide to the world's most diverse country and is an incredible guide to understanding the culture and its history. It also contains some great photos that will give you ideas about what you're going to see when you go! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is excellent. I am a newbie in the field of psychology and have been very happy to learn about some of the theories of the psychotherapeutic community. I found this book extremely helpful. It covers all of the main areas of psychotherapy, with plenty of details, which will help you understand how you can use therapy to help you with the most difficult problems in your life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book to learn about this great book.  The book is not only helpful for those new to karate, it is also a great read for those that are looking to learn this wonderful martial art.  I recommend this book as a good read for the beginning karate student or beginner to learn karate.  If you like karate then this book will definitely be helpful for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with most of the comments here and the reviews about this book.  This book is a beautiful blend of historical information and personal experience.  If you have ever been a young girl, you will feel very familiar with the experience of being born.  The story is a very positive one.  Many times, I wish I could be a young person in my future.  I am fortunate that I have lived and worked in a world where I can write such a positive book. I will definitely read this book again.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The most exciting, and sometimes controversial, aspect of this book is the book's treatment of the idea that the United States is an Anglo-Saxon empire.  It's a fascinating concept that has been very little explored.  If you are interested in this idea, this book will be very helpful.  I have read it twice already and I have a very positive review to offer:  This book is very much worth reading.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a first generation college student who took this book very seriously. I had a hard time finishing the book as it was. This book is filled with many details on a lot of interesting topics and has been an absolute pleasure to read. It is very informative and I would recommend it for any undergraduate that is in the business of making their own decisions. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent guide for people who are new to the church.  It's great for both people who have been to church and people who haven't.  The book gives tips on how to get into the church and why it's such a wonderful experience 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A beautiful collection of short stories, each a story that is full of suspense and emotion. The stories are very well done, and all of them are beautifully drawn. I especially enjoyed the last few. The story "The Secret Door" is very chilling, and the ending is just perfect 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, full of beautiful descriptions of various exotic birds and plants.  It is a delight to find a book of such a wonderful variety of birds, so well-organized and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book, the story and illustrations are a little dated and not as vibrant as they were when first written but I would definately recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read.  I love the book and it is a very personal look at what life has in store for us.  You have to read it to understand the true potential of your life and be prepared for what life may have in store.  The best way to live is to keep a positive outlook and take the lessons to heart 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think that this is a very helpful guide for those who are trying to decide whether to be a parent or not.  It is a great book to get your questions answered.  There are a lot of questions that parents and children are unsure about.  I especially liked the "What are the signs that I am not ready to be parents" questions.  Most parents are not ready at all!  There is a lot to think about before you decide.  If you decide that you want to be an adult with a child, or if you decide you want a child someday, I would highly recommend this book.  The questions are short and simple and will give you a great answer 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would highly recommend this book to any young adult who is contemplating suicide or who is considering ending a long and unhappy marriage. It was such a beautiful and moving experience to read and experience.  The author was truly compassionate, caring, and gave the reader a lot of insight into the life and struggles of the author's husband.  I really appreciated the honesty and honesty in the book and the personal approach the author took with the readers.  He also provided some wonderful insight into how the author coped with his marital difficulties and how he ultimately managed to move forward with his marriage.  It was so nice to know that my husband was not the monster I thought he was.  We really had a beautiful life together. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for anyone that is a beginner to understand the basic concepts of how to play chess. It teaches you everything you need to know to play against any level of opponent. The book also provides the most detailed rules of chess rules.  It is also one of the most useful books to have in your bag.  The book is easy to read and understand. It is very easy to learn from and learn to play.  If you want to learn a good strategy book, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great.  It is a great reference book for anyone who is interested in the history of American history.  The book is a wonderful look into the lives of those who lived in the early American colonies.  I really enjoyed the look into how the colonies were created, what their beliefs were, and how they dealt with their foreign relations.  There was also a look into why the colonies existed and what they thought of the country they were in.  This is a good, basic history for anyone interested in American history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very informative book for people who have not read it yet.  The book provides a brief introduction to what the book has to offer and provides some helpful ideas for further reading.  It's a wonderful book.  I really wish I had read it sooner!  It will keep you busy for hours.  If you like science fiction, you will like this book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for kids.  It is a storybook that teaches them about the importance of doing their homework and how to save money.  A good book for those who are new to homework or who need a book to guide them.  I recommend this book to kids and adults alike 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent guide to learning how to speak French.  It's a great introduction to the fundamentals and the history of the French language.  I think the book is quite informative and easy to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating story of a life well lived.  The book also presents an excellent view on what an art history major must do to learn how to make art and create a positive work of art.  It is a very helpful and practical guide for all those who aspire to be creative and pursue their passion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very well written and the pictures are really nice.  I was surprised at how much I learned from the recipes and I plan on making them again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book.  I found it interesting, informative, and I loved it!  I had to read it because I am writing a book for a college class and needed to know the history of the American Revolution.  This book really helped me with the questions I had.  The author's questions were very helpful.  It was a very enjoyable read and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in American history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am always looking for ways to improve my own teaching. I would love to see this book written as a resource for teachers who have a special interest in the topic of this book.  The book contains an excellent review on each and every theory of learning, the teaching process, and also provides an explanation on how to teach the subject of learning.  A wonderful resource for anyone who is learning to teach.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book with some very interesting information about how the Jews are treated in the United States today.  The author makes it very clear that the "Israelites" are not the only ones who live in America today 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of great ideas, as well as helpful exercises.  The book does not use exercises that are too difficult, however, it does contain exercises that will help you improve your ability to analyze data.  If you are new to statistics, this book will help guide you through the basic concepts of the subject.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for some good information on what your dog can do, this book is great!  You can find out what you can do with your dog in different situations.  There are a lot of tips and tricks, which is good.  I also like that the book is organized by situation 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a very well written and entertaining read that teaches you some basic information on what you can buy for your money.  If you are a new car owner and you are looking for the best deals on your car then this book will help you to find the right used car with low fees and the lowest price.  The book is easy to read, but also very detailed.  It is also very comprehensive with listings for the most used cars, best used vehicles and a lot more!  If this book wasn't so good and was only selling at full price then it would be hard for people to purchase the book at all 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent reference for all dog owners.  I can't think of a better book for all owners to take to learn about their dog's unique characteristics.  It also provides a valuable resource for owners who may be new to dog ownership or have never owned a dog before.  A must read for all dogs and owners 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I wish I'd had as a child. It is beautifully illustrated and really tells the story of the people, animals, and creatures of Africa.  The author gives a positive spin on Africa, and it is inspiring to see that so many Africans still struggle for their survival 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful to me when I first got started on my journey of becoming a Zen Buddhist. I was very much lacking direction in my practice and really needed a place to begin.  This was the perfect book for me.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a positive book about the book "Rise of the Third Reich" in Europe, read this book. It gives the reader an insight on the situation in the Nazi Germany.  It is a comprehensive history and gives the history behind the political ideas of the German Nazis. It is also an interesting story, if a little sad, that it is necessary to read the book because it can be very hard to believe the atrocities that took place.  A lot has happened in Germany in the last 50 years and it is a shame that it has to be told in such a sad way. It would be a good idea for Germany to be a democratic country again and not like the way it is today. If you wish to learn more about the events that took the lives of so many people in Europe and you are interested in reading "RISE OF THE THIRD REICH", I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've never been to any of the author's books before and found them to be an interesting and enlightening read.  I was a bit surprised at how much I enjoyed the first chapter.  It was a nice introduction to a variety of different areas of philosophy.  But the real interest in this book was in its discussions about how different kinds of people view the world.  If you are a skeptic or a believer in God, then this book will give you some ideas on how to deal with the evidence that you might find to be in your way.  This book has a bit more in common with Michael Crick's The God Delusion than with other popular books on the subject.  However, I think the book is well written and is an interesting overview of the various approaches people take to trying to understand the universe.  The author does a nice job of providing background on the various philosophies and approaches to the universe that are in use today.  There is also a great discussion of the philosophical differences between religious and atheistic people.  Not only does this book make the reader understand the philosophical disagreements, it also presents some interesting ideas on ways to deal effectively with these disagreements 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book. If you want to learn how to handle your money and learn a little more about investing for yourself and your family, this is a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read for beginners or kids who love history. It gives some history to those who don't know much.  Lots of pictures to help explain the world.  Not a complete book but definitely worth the time.  The book is well illustrated and informative.  It will keep your interest and keep you interested 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is just fantastic. I love it so much. I have read many books by other authors on this topic and have enjoyed them, but this one by David Lynch is hands down the best book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book very helpful for my husband and I to get through the first two chapters. The first chapter was very helpful to us as we continued with the topics and questions.The second chapter was even more helpful. We learned a lot about different kinds of dogs and the best ways to take care of them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very well-researched book that provides a great insight into how a small town is run and how it is possible for a small city to rise up to become a world-class city like New York or London.  The book is very well written and offers lots of useful hints and examples.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has so much information about various cultures.  I would like to see a book similar to the one by J.B. MacLeod, "The Secret Language of the Ancient Egyptians", about the Egyptians.  However, it is only the first part of a larger book.  This is the best book ever written on ancient Egypt, so far.  It is also, however, very hard to read.  If you are interested in Egyptian culture, this book is the only way to go 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author takes a very interesting look at the history of the early Catholic Church.  The book was well written and I enjoyed reading it.  I highly recommend it to anyone who has a love for the history and culture of Rome.  There is much to learn from this book and you will find the information you need in it. I highly encourage everyone to take a look at this book.  It is well worth the price of admission 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book about a week ago and am very pleased with it.  I was so impressed with the story and the characters, that I kept thinking of the title.  The story is so engaging and full of suspense and intrigue that I have been thinking about buying the book and reading it myself.  If you like a good thriller, this book is the perfect choice.  It has great twists and turns, as well as the perfect mix of mystery and action.  Definitely worth the price, and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. It has a great plot, some very insightful comments, and the characters are well drawn. It will definitely be a great book for those who want to read a little about the military. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read in the last 10 years.  I love the idea of a book on how to handle a divorce and have it happen naturally.  The book is clear and concise and provides lots of information.  My son did not get married until he read this book.  He is doing great now and he has the love of his life.  It is the perfect book to explain divorce and the divorce process.  We have a lot to learn from each other and this book is a great help to both of us 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an excellent resource for those of us who were trying to learn about some of the most influential and most well known names in modern history. The book was beautifully written and well organized with great illustrations. The illustrations are a great help in showing the key people, places, and events of the 20th Century and the World. The author, Michael W. Miller, really does a great job in explaining all of the names and events. The names of people, dates and places are listed alphabetically and chronologically.  This is a great book to learn history as well as a great reference book for those who are trying to find important names and dates.  I have used this book to help in my research as I have learned about many of the people and events in history that I would like to learn more about.  The names are listed with an alphabetical and chronological order.  There are great examples of each of the pages in the book.  It is great to see the names in the same order as the pictures.  Each page has a small image and text at the bottom that explains the names.  Very handy!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I've read in a long time. It is one of the best short stories I've ever read. The characters are truly unique and it's the story of a young girl who grows up to be a mother. It was beautiful and tragic and poignant. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love the book, and I hope I will have a chance to use it in the future.  It is a wonderful overview of many of the ideas presented in many of my classes.  The book is organized by topics, with a section devoted to each topic.  In some of the sections I find the information presented to be a little too simple, but I am not sure it is the fault of the authors.  They are not trying to be too comprehensive, but they are not going overboard with their research either 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of wonderful pictures of flowers and their unique beauty.  I love this book.  The descriptions are beautiful and clear.  You will never look at flowers the same way again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I just finished reading this book. I thought it was very funny.  It has been a while since I read one of those.  I loved it.  My husband and I both enjoyed it and will probably read it again.  We both agreed that it was worth the price.  The book is very helpful.  You should read it, and I will  recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book!  The author, a real friend of mine, goes deep into the topic of religion and spirituality.  I am a religious person myself, and I feel the need to understand more about this.  The book does a great job in making you understand that the world is more than one way and that it is possible to live a life that is true to the teachings of God.  It also gives you the tools to be more accepting of others and not judge others for what they believe or don't believe.  As a Christian, I believe in God, and it is my hope that this book will help you live a better life.  Do yourself a favor and read this book!! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must for those who are new to the world of electronic device and who are trying to learn how to program with Arduino.  This is a good introduction to the basics of Arduino programming and will definitely help you become more productive with your own Arduino projects 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is not as hard as I had expected, but it does a lot of good information on the subject.  The pictures are beautiful and informative and I really appreciated the work that went into the descriptions 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the ultimate resource for those interested in starting a career in teaching.  From beginning to advanced, this book covers all aspects of teaching. The format of the book makes it easy to follow.  It provides the reader with an overview of the key concepts in the field.  The reader also receives helpful tips on how to get started as a teacher, as well as an overview on how the system works.  I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in teaching or who just needs a basic overview of this subject.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in high school. I remember I read it first in grade school and loved it! I kept seeing the pictures and knew this was going to be the story of a little girl who grew up and became a beautiful young woman.   It was a wonderful story.  It also gave me the idea that I should write a positive positive review.  I wish I could have written this book when I was younger 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read, with lots of information about what to expect in a new book, what you can do with it and what you will learn.  This book will be a life saver for those of us that have been struggling with this new hobby.  It will also be a great book for the beginner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is excellent! This is a wonderful collection of information that would be helpful for anyone wanting to make their own homestead in New Hampshire.  The writing is great, and the information is concise and informative.  All in all a great book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been working on my first book for the last three years. I've read several books and have always found them to be helpful, but I have always been most excited to learn more about my own culture.  It was this book by David B. Sanger that I found most helpful in figuring out how I can share and communicate with my family and friends.  I think this book will help us understand and share our culture with each other 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very informative and entertaining book.  The chapters are short and easy to read, yet the information is very interesting.  I recommend this book to anyone who is new to writing, or is a newbie in this field 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read. It is filled with beautiful photographs, and has a wonderful ending.  A wonderful gift for anyone who loves photography 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a true testament to the book series that I have been devouring.  It's got the story, it's got it's characters, it is just a story, a true, true love story.  But it's a story that I'm very much in love with.  I think this series is the best series to come out of the genre, in fact, maybe the best thing that I've seen in years.  If you like the Harry Potter series, you'll probably like this series as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful introduction to the art of book design.  I loved it!  The book was a joy to read and I would definitely suggest it for anyone that has just started a new book project 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  I love it!  I can't wait to write another one!  This one has helped me understand so much. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have to admit, I am not a reader of the Bible.  I do have a strong appreciation for the book and I would certainly recommend it for anyone interested in learning about the Bible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read so far. It covers the basic concept of all forms of spirituality, without getting too complex or confusing.  It is simple and accessible, yet full of rich and insightful ideas.  The book is easy to read, yet very informative.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a regular reader of the blog you know the ins and outs of the internet and how to search for information. This book is a great addition to your digital library and will give you all the information you need. It is a good read for those who do not have all the basic information that you may need.  I am not a technical expert so I would recommend this book to anyone who is new to the internet.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm not much of a book person, but I do like all of the stories in this collection.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book!  The photos in this book are absolutely gorgeous.  The stories are a little dark and scary at first, but you will be fascinated and in awe at how this young girl overcame so many problems to become so happy.  This book is an absolute MUST for any child who has been through a hard life.  I have always been fascinated with how happy children are.  It was so refreshing to read a book like this.  You will find yourself asking yourself "what can I do to make this child happy?"  You can't wait for the next chapter to be released because this book is SO AWESOME.  If you haven't read this book, I highly suggest you do!!  I hope to read the rest of the stories 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book. A must read. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A true story that is told in the most enjoyable way.  You will laugh, and you will be moved, and it will be a good story.  I think it is wonderful, and I will be buying copies for all my friends 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoy this book and found it very informative.  I would suggest this book for anyone looking to learn more about the Catholic faith.  If you like the Church and you want to learn what the Catholic Church teaches, then this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic.  It is an excellent overview of all of the major Christian thinkers from the early church to the present day.  I recommend this book for those who want to learn about what the early Christian church thought and did.  As a former Christian, I would recommend this for those Christians who are looking to have a clearer understanding of what the church believed and did 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is great, I wish I could have read it when I was a kid.  I can't believe I didn't realize this existed until I went to the library and found it.  The characters are very funny and they all feel real.  They were the first time I read a book that really made me laugh out loud.  Also, I like the humor.  But what really sets this book apart is the book's depiction of a child who's growing up in the house of a family with a dark secret.  What a beautiful book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone who wants to learn about the art and craft of making a good electronic device.  The book goes over all the details on how to use this electronic device to create the ultimate sound.  I have not been able to get enough of the "drum" sound, and I am sure this book will help me get to that point.  If you are interested in electronic device and you want to start to make your own sounds, I would recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's a good read.  I have had several friends that have been involved with some kind of crisis or some kind that needs help.  It has helped them to get back on track.  A very good book.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am new to the world of electronic device design and this book is an excellent reference for all who are learning the ropes of this wonderful profession.  I also like the author's advice on how to make a good electronic device, especially one that will last longer than one year.  It is very practical and easy to understand.  This book is a great gift for your electronic device enthusiast friend or relative who may be interested in getting into electronic device engineering 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read it yet, you're missing out.  I found this book to be a wonderful read, even though it was very difficult to keep track of the many things that were being said.  The characters were believable and the themes were interesting.  It was a great book, I enjoyed reading it and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about this subject. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book for anyone interested in the history of New England.  From the late 1700's through the early 1900's this period of history is well illustrated with stories, drawings and maps.  The stories and maps help to explain the early history of the area.  I especially enjoyed the descriptions of New Hampshire's past and future.  All of the stories are interesting and well written.  A must read for anyone who has ever wondered about New England 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been a serious book collector for many years, and I always enjoy a good mystery novel, especially one with the twists and turns that this one has, and this book definitely fits the bill! This was my first read by the author, and as you may have read, it was very interesting and very thought-provoking. I would definitely recommend this book for those who are into mysteries or just generally like to learn about them! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for anyone who has had a bad experience with a negative book: Don't worry. You won't be the same person when you finish this book. I will try to keep the same perspective.  The book covers all the aspects of life with your loved one.  It is so helpful in getting yourself out of a negative spiral.  If you want to know what to do in your relationship, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book to be very interesting and enjoyable. I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys a good story or for those who are looking for a good mystery to read. It's the perfect story to start out your new book series.  The only negative I have to mention is that there are no pictures in this book. I would have appreciated some pictures in the book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. The book is short, but it is very informative. I would suggest this book to anyone who is looking to improve their English. The author's style is very friendly and inviting. I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read on self-improvement.  If you are looking for a new way to improve your life, I would highly recommend this book.  I found it incredibly useful for improving my overall life and life expectancy.  A few tips will help you tremendously.  Most importantly is to try to do the things you are afraid to do.  The book explains the reason behind the fear and how to overcome it.  As you go through the book, you will start to feel more confident in yourself.  You will also realize that there are many other people out there like you, and you will not be alone.  Finally, you can get advice from other people who have done the same thing as you and have had a positive experience.  Don't wait too long before you buy this book, it will be worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was excellent.  It is filled with lots of interesting ideas that will help you get to know your book and life.  The exercises are short enough to do at your desk, but long enough to be useful in your everyday life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would give this book a four stars if it were an autobiography, but it is a work of historical fiction.  It is also a fascinating look at a life that we can only imagine.  I have read several other books on the same subject, but this one stands out.  The characters are brilliantly portrayed, and their history is very engaging.  If you have not read this book, do so now, as it is an eye-opening look at what life in Russia was like in the late 19th Century.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for an easy and quick guide to start and maintain a new book collection, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very interesting collection of stories from various perspectives.  Some of the stories are quite funny and others very sad.  It would be very difficult to list all the great stories that are in this book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book! I wish I had read it earlier on. I read it at first as a college freshman in the 90's.  I knew nothing about the early days of the American Revolution.  So I was excited to read this book.  It was great.  A great read for the younger generation!  If you want to know about how the Americans came to the Revolution, this is a great place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was written with great care and I thought it was great! I especially liked how the author took the time to answer all the questions posed in the book. I thought the book was a great read for both new and experienced parents and would definitely recommend it to anyone who is trying to understand how to parent a baby.  I would also recommend this book for anyone that needs help understanding how to make decisions with their child or for parents that are looking for help with parenting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book on the subject of marriage I've read. It has a lot of information, but the most important information is on the way the marriages are going.  The author really does go into great detail and make it clear how marriages are changing.  I recommend this book for anyone who is thinking about getting married 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for those of us who are new to the book world.  I am so glad I found it and I am eager to start the next book with it!  If you are new or even an old book collector and you like books with lots of pictures, this book is great for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book that is both informative and enjoyable to read. The book is full of examples and explanations as to why you may or may not want to go back to school to pursue a degree in English literature, as well as tips on how to go about doing so 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would give this book a 10 rating if it wasn't for the price.  It was an excellent read.  I have only recently finished reading The Da Vinci Code and I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who is interested in learning more about Leonardo Da Vinces.  This book is not only the best book on Da Vincism but also the most complete, informative, and useful book I have ever read. It is an absolute must for anyone who would like to learn more about Da Vince's life and work.  The only problem I have is that it is rather difficult to put into words the amazing work that Leonardo did.  There are plenty of pictures, diagrams, and drawings that you can use to learn as much as you want about this artist.  However, there is also a great deal of information in this book that will make you feel more like you know more about what Leonardo did and what he did not do.  Overall this book is a great book and I strongly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am an avid reader and I have read many books on the subject. I have always been impressed with the depth and variety of the writings on the topic. I was especially taken by the many, many references to the "American Family" in the writings of the author.  I will definitely be recommending this book to others who are just getting started with this topic.  It is truly a joy to read this work by Mr. G.A. Montgomery.  The writing style is lively, full of humor and with plenty of anecdotes and examples to keep the reader interested 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was great.  It was funny and it was interesting.  A great book to learn about the world.  I think the best thing about this book was the pictures.  The photos were very beautiful.  There are pictures that will take your breath away.  This book will help you see the world from a new perspective 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that is not just a history of American Indians, but a history that has not been written by an outsider, but by an insider who has taken a huge interest in the tribe and who knows the culture, language, and history as well as the people, and has made it his own.  I really love the book.  The writing is clear and well done.  It is well organized and well written.  There are many examples of interesting and unique facts, and the writing style is very entertaining and humorous.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in high school and I thought it was a great idea.  It's been 15 years since I've been to college and I'm still trying to make sense of everything in college.  I love the way that the author tries to cover every topic and each student will find something new.  But the best part is the way he tries to get into the students' heads.  The information and the pictures that are presented in the book are amazing and I feel like I am learning so much from the author 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a huge fan of Ron Popeil.  He writes about the world, from the sea to the land, with a great sense of place.  In his first book, he described a great town, New Orleans, and how it grew from the chaos of Hurricane Katrina.  This book is one of my favorite Ron Popeils.  It is a great book, filled with wonderful ideas for a new generation, and it gives a great overview of a very good book, the first one in the series, that explains the history of America.  Ron Popeill is a very gifted writer, and he writes a great story.  His books are like a book of secrets.  There are lots of questions in this book that will never be answered, but I believe there are answers in this one.  I hope he is given the Nobel Prize for Literature, because he deserves it. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely essential reading for anyone who is new to martial arts and wants to learn how to defend against kicks.  It is packed with information on how to apply techniques in various situations 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book.  It is so easy to read and so insightful.  I recommend this book for any beginner who has not yet begun their own personal journey 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been looking for a book that would help me explain what is happening in the world to my friends and relatives who are so new to the world.  This book is a wonderful resource.  The authors are so well-versed in the basics that they could teach the reader how to make the transition to a new culture.  I found it very informative.  They go through the process from a newbie to an expert.  We all have to learn and adapt.  Great book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book provides some excellent insight into the struggles of first-generation Chinese Americans.  This is an excellent introduction to a subject that is rarely talked about.  The author offers a few suggestions for people who may be considering an immigration status in the future.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book that will make you feel like a newbie at gardening.  It is easy to read and very interesting.  I am an intermediate gardener and have already put this book to use.  The pictures are beautiful and give the garden a real look 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fantastic book for beginners who want to learn the basics of the language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful story of an orphanage, with a unique history, in which the children are rescued by a young girl, who takes the names of her foster family, and the story continues. I found this book fascinating.  I read it for the first time, and then reread it, and found it to be even more fascinating. The author, a well-known writer, did a wonderful job of keeping the children's interest in the story.  The children learn about the world around them, in a way that is truly life-changing, and I think that the book was written with such love and compassion, it will make the children feel like it was written by their own hearts.  It is an amazing book!  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. It is an excellent overview of the theory and practice of using the internet to gain competitive advantage. I have learned so much from the book and hope that you too will too 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a compilation of articles and pictures that I have collected from various sources.  I have always wanted to share with others the knowledge I have gained.  This is a great book for those who want to learn more about their dogs, cats and their environments.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you don't have a clue how to make your own book, this book is an absolute must! If you are new to home improvement, this is the book you should use.  This book will give you all the information you need to make a successful home improvement project.  It will also help you to put together an outline to plan your home improvement.   If I was looking for the answers to all of the questions I have been asking myself, this was the book I should have used 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a little short in length but it was well written and full of great stories and insights 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with many of the comments made in the book.  I do not think this is a bad book, though the ending was quite unsatisfactory.  It is a very interesting, concise summary of an important book in the history of psychiatry and its practitioners.  The information given in the text is very valuable and will benefit anyone interested in the field.  This is not a comprehensive text, as it is not entirely accurate, but if you are interested in learning more about the subject, this is the book to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very interesting and inspiring to anyone wanting to learn to speak the language of the people.  The book is short and sweet but covers an excellent amount of information.  It's great to see a book like this with a wide array of exercises that you can choose from, making the learning process much easier 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great read, very informative.  It is written very clearly and well.  Great book, highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very helpful for both young and old.  If you want to know about a dog that may not be very smart, this book will help you understand this dog.  This book is also very helpful if you are interested in learning how to raise a good dog, which is very important.  I recommend this book to all dog lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book. If you are looking for a good guide to the book, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing. It has an amazing story to tell, and its characters are very interesting. I would highly recommend this book for anyone that likes to read and tell stories.  The author is a fantastic story teller, and the characters are so believable.  I will be buying this book several times in the future.  If you like the characters, I would encourage you to purchase this book.  It is the best book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm always surprised at the depth and variety of information I've collected while learning this.  The book has tons of great information, but the most interesting and valuable are the "homework questions".  Homework questions are small questions you can try and answer yourself, and if you can't answer them you can ask a more detailed question about a more important topic or concept 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only negative review I have to offer is the fact that this is a difficult book to read.  The author has provided an accessible account of many of the ideas in the book, and although it is not a comprehensive work, the reader is left with a much fuller picture of the themes and ideas.  A good book for the general reader and for the economist.  I think it will be useful to many economists and others who are interested in learning about the issues and ideas that are most relevant to today's world 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book. The best part is that you can learn so much about your own life through these stories. It is a great book for parents to share with their children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must read for anyone that wants to understand the basics of the American colonies, the period of the English crown and the American revolution.  It is the best book on the subject ever written.  The authors take a detailed look at each of the colonies, giving us a quick overview of their founding and how they became a nation.  I found it helpful to know the basic facts of the history of each colony, the history and political situation of each one and what was going on.  For example, I found the colonists to be very brave when they fought for their independence, but the British government in England was very oppressive, so they needed the help of other colonies to form a strong army.  In addition to this, the British parliament in London had to deal with the American colonists, who were very independent minded.  While the British did have some colonies, they were not the ones that fought for independence, so it is the Americans that were to have the independence.  They needed the assistance of the other colonies, and their military might was much needed.  This book gives an excellent background for any new college student, as well as an excellent overview of the basic political, economic and social situation of the time.  You can easily get this book for a reasonable price, which is one reason I bought it.  Buy it now 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an essential guide to creating a successful book: make a good story and have fun!  A very funny book that will keep you interested and entertained.  A great book to get a friend or a friend who has no idea how to write a book.  If you want to learn how to create a book, I recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was written by one of my favorite writers, the incomparable, Stephen King.  I've read every King book, and I will never forget the experience.  It's hard to describe the atmosphere, or even describe the contents, without quoting King himself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a big fan of this book. I just read it and was very surprised.  It's an interesting and entertaining look at the life of the Great War, and one that has not been done to this day.  The book is full of information and anecdotes.  I especially liked the pictures, especially the pictures of the men of the Army and the Navy.  A lot of information is presented in the book, but the pictures make the book much more interesting.  For example, I found it hard to believe that the men had seen so much of the battle of Verdun and the rest of the Battle of the Somme.  They were just sitting there and doing their job.  Also, there are a lot of pictures that were taken at the front and are presented in great detail.  This is a must read for anyone who is serious about the Great war 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, and one that has helped me in preparing for my first year of med school.  I am sure it will be a great resource for many others.  It is an excellent book, but I do suggest taking a look at the first book on nutrition and exercise, called "Healthy Weight and Nutrition for a Healthy Life".  This book is a must read, and it will guide you through the basics of eating healthy and exercising to help you achieve a healthy weight and maintain a healthy lifestyle 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for anyone with any interest in a positive book.  It is a wonderful look at the subject of mental illness, and is also a great place to get ideas for future books.  This is the first book I have read in depth on the subject, and I think it is an excellent one.  I recommend it highly, for anyone who wants to know more about the subject 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most thought provoking books I have ever read.  From a Christian perspective this book is enlightening.  I am hoping to find other Christians with similar ideas to share the ideas and help the  people in the community.  There is much to discuss but the book is short and to the point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book to learn all the basic facts about butterflies, bugs, and insects.  The information is great and easy to understand.  This book will help you learn all you need to know about these insects 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've always admired the author's work.  I was thrilled to have the opportunity to see how she could turn her own personal tragedy into something so moving.  She truly brings the heart back to life.  Her ability to capture the story of her father's life and experience was truly inspiring.  This book will surely touch you in ways you could never imagine.  It's a life-affirming and beautiful story that is sure to lift you up and make you smile.  The book is an absolute must for anyone that is struggling with loss or grief. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is really great. I can see how many people are going to want to get this book and then take a little break from it to come back to it for another day or two to finish the last page or so. The book does a wonderful job of explaining many things that are so complicated, but can really be made clearer with this kind of explanation.  The author explains many things in detail, but does not go on and on and give too much detail or just gloss over the details.  This is a very basic book that has some very good ideas, but is a little overwhelming at times.  I would give it to my children, but I would not give it for myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. The first half is a great introduction to a variety of different types of games, and the second half is an in-depth study of chess, and how it is played.  The book contains numerous strategies and tactics, both from the opening stage to the endgame stages.  If you like chess, you will enjoy this book.  I have been teaching this book to my students for several years, and they all love it.  It is a real treat to see the evolution of tactics and strategy as it progresses throughout the book. This is an excellent book for anyone interested in learning about chess 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book will open your eyes to the reality of the situation.  A lot of the information is new to you.  I wish I had read this book first when I started looking for an answer.  This was the first book that I read to get a basic understanding of what happened to my sister, and it helped me realize that we have been victims and we deserve some form of justice 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is well written and gives a great insight into the life of a great American athlete. The author uses the term "professional athlete" to refer to all of the sports, not just football, in which the athlete plays. The book focuses on the players and not the teams. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea of a new book for all those who want to know about the life and times of Charles Darwin is great.  The book is a joy to read.  I have had a good feeling reading this book.  We have the best of Darwin and Herbert Spencer.  They were very close to each other, with the exception of Spencer. But we see their similarities and differences.  It is very well written.  This book is not written as a "how-to" book. The book gives basic information.  There are many other books on this subject, which are also well written 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have always loved the book The Story of a Man.  This one, however, was an even better story.  There is a lot more history and information here than just the typical tales of a good or bad man.  If you don't like history, or you want to learn about how you can improve your life, read this book.  I will be reading it again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a child of the 80s you probably grew up with the comic strip strip, B.C. Young and his pals. If you haven't, it's a must read. The illustrations are amazing, and the stories are a joy to read. Young has a way with words and with stories that really make you feel the joy of growing up and the joys of growing older 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for any fan of the original, The Lord of the Rings, A Wizard of the Nine Worlds, or The Lord and the Dragon, it is very entertaining and is very educational as well.  I would recommend it for those who are not quite sure about what to do in the series.  The book is well organized and the text is very clear.  It also contains a great deal of information on all the characters and what they do in each of the books.  If you want to know the rules and guidelines for role playing games in fantasy, look no further.  You won't be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you want to know the real meaning of the word "fascination" then read this book. It is a must read if you want a basic understanding of Fascinating.  It is the story of the discovery of the American continent. It also tells us about the discovery and colonization of the United States of America. It has many stories, but the one that really captivates you is the one about the early Spanish exploration of the New World.  If it wasn't for this book I wouldn't know that it was America.  I would have been more convinced that the story was a fiction.  This is the true history of America and the story continues with the discovery in 1846 of the "Lost Colony of Roanoke".  You will be very surprised to find out what the real story is.  The story of America will be fully revealed when you learn the real name of America 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book gives an excellent description of the various forms of evil in the world.  From slavery to genocide and torture, from slavery to slavery again, the book covers the various ways in which people who have no right to be in the United States of America can be oppressed.  It is well written and the pictures are interesting and eye-catching.  The author is well informed and gives his opinions on all aspects of the problem.  This book will be an excellent read for people who are curious about evil in all its forms.  If you have any interest in the topic of evil you will find it here 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent introduction to one of the most influential figures in American history.  The book is a beautiful book and the book is well written and well presented.  It will be a great help to anyone who has been looking for an introduction to the man or woman who brought the US into the 21st century.  I hope the book will be popular and that everyone who has a serious interest in American History will pick up this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was lucky to have this book as a gift for my son and I'm glad I read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had to do this for my students and I was looking for a book that would teach them how to make connections between the past and the present.  It is not hard to do, it is the way that most people go.  The book is well organized and well written and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to get an understanding of the past through historical research.  I am not an expert on this topic, but I have spent an inordinate amount of time looking at the documents of the Civil War.  In a similar vein, this book gives an understanding as to how and why the Civil Rights Movement occurred.  This book gives the reader an insight into why some of the early political movements were successful, and why others failed.  You will learn a lot about the Civil Wars, and it is a good way to keep track of where we are now, what is happening in the country and where we need to go next.  If you have a serious interest in American history, this is an excellent book to have on your shelf 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been a huge help in my journey in life.  It is a book that has helped me grow, it has helped give me hope, and it has given me confidence.  The first part of this book is the story of how the author met his wife, and what the author learned about his wife.  From there the author goes on to talk about his life as a husband and father.  This is a wonderful book, and I would recommend it to anyone.  I am very grateful to have it, and for the advice it has provided.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a first-year psychology student in college.  This book was very helpful.  It helped me understand that I am not crazy and that I have a real interest in psychology.  I found it very helpful to discuss these things with my professor.  Also, the book was a great introduction to the subject matter.  The book also helped me get started in the field of psychology 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an incredible introduction to the subject of the Bible, the Bible in its original languages.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn more about this great book, which is perhaps the most misunderstood book in the world today.  The author has done a wonderful job of taking the basic Bible text and converting it to its original  languages and translating the text into many different languages. The result is a book that is not only informative, but fascinating 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book a couple of years ago and have been hooked ever since.  The writing is very interesting and the stories are really engaging.  I would suggest it to all who are looking for a short story in the middle of a series.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love the book. I've read it twice and have loved every page.  I can't wait to see what the author has in store for us in the future.  The book was wonderful to read and I hope it will be useful for you as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think the most important part of this book is how it portrays the relationship between a young man and his father.  It makes the young man feel like he can trust and be trusted by his father, and not only does this book make the young boy feel that he can't be just a child anymore, but it also helps him to cope with the problems of being a child.  I would recommend this book to all parents and children who are struggling with the feelings of helplessness that they might be feeling.  The first thing I want to say about this book (and the one thing I will say to anyone reading this book) is I know it can be hard to read a book and not have the feeling that you are helpless and have to be saved by your parents.  But I think that is why you should read this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for those who do not know what a Coney Island picnic is.  I really enjoyed reading it, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only book I have ever read that is as close to the true story as this one.  I am so glad to have read it.  It was the perfect book for my husband's wedding.  We both loved the book.  The pictures are beautiful and the story is wonderful.  This is an amazing book.I would recommend it for any wedding or anniversary.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very thorough.  The chapters cover all the bases of the topic.  It's easy to follow, but gives a nice picture on the topic in just the right amount of detail 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very pleased to learn that I am one of the few who has actually read all of the books in this collection. I love the stories and the characters.   I especially enjoyed "The Longest Road" and "The Lost Girl" and the stories surrounding them.  The descriptions and descriptions of the locations were amazing.  If you're a little squeamish about the idea of a woman being held captive in a remote location, this is a great book to read. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful and was easy to read. I wish I could have found a similar book when I was first learning about how to do genealogy!  The pictures were great and I could see where the information was being presented.  I really like this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book for many years.  It has helped me in many ways.  I hope the same will be done for all of you.  This book has helped many in finding God.  So if you are not sure who God is, I would suggest this book as an excellent place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I recommend to everyone, it's a good read and is a great introduction to the subject.  The book is not very long but covers the basics of programming languages in very concise terms.  I find it really interesting to see how people use this as a first programming language.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you like sports history, you'll love this book.  It is an extremely comprehensive look at college football history.  The pictures are great, and the stories are intriguing and well-told.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is great! I was just getting into the hobby and found this book really helpful.  The first half is a guide to the basics of playing with your own dice.  It's a great resource to help players get started and keep on growing in their hobby.    The second half is full of useful advice and tips for the aspiring GM.  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a very well done, informative look at the history of early Christianity.  As an author I find myself to agree with many of the points made, but the style of writing is so much more accessible to a layman like myself.  The pictures are of great quality, and the text is clear and concise 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book!  I loved the idea of it and thought it would be a great addition to my collection.  It was so interesting to me.  I learned so much about the history of Europe!  It is full of fascinating information about some of the most interesting people of our time.  A must read for anyone who loves Europe 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to understanding the history of American culture and its influence on other cultures.  I have taken many classes on this topic and it has been a great source of interest 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great!  It is written in a humorous way and I really enjoyed the stories.  It really brings out the humor in everyday life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think you guys know me by now! I love this book. I love the stories and the characters.  I love what the author does with the pictures.  The illustrations are very beautiful and the story is very exciting.  It is not all just pictures! There are stories here as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with the reviewer above.  It is the book I read as an undergrad.  This book gives insight into a wide range of topics related to philosophy.  If you are a philosopher or are studying philosophy, this book is a must read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very informative. It gives the reader the information needed to make a good decision on what to do for their own or their loved one's wedding. I would recommend this book to anyone who is considering the wedding, or anyone who has just gotten engaged and wants to plan their wedding.  The information is very detailed and easy to understand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. It provides many details and explanations about what many people do not know. It also covers basic financial aspects of buying and selling a small business. It is a very comprehensive book.  It is easy to read, but not overly complex. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book that will bring out some of the more difficult ideas, as well as some of your basic thoughts.  If you want to know more about yourself, you will have a lot of new information to mull over.  It is a great gift for the birthday of your child.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an eye opener.  The story of a woman in her 40's who became a mother at 39.  She gave birth to her child at age 40.  This was the first time I had ever heard anyone speak of such a thing.  My husband and I both had children who were born that age.  It really opened our eyes.  We realized the importance of making sure that our children are healthy and safe.  I am proud to say that I am a mother of a child who was born that old.  As I look back I am so proud that I did what I did.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are new to the world of psychology or are a budding psychologist or are even just interested in the general concept behind the field, this book is a great introduction. If you're a psychologist and want to learn some basic psychology, this is a good place to start 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book.  The information is very practical, and the photos are very interesting.  If you are new to the topic of photography, or just looking to expand your knowledge of photography basics, this book will definitely help you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was one of the best and most comprehensive on the book I have read.  I will be buying this book again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book! I read it for my freshmen college students and I thought it was really great.  It is also very easy to read and understand and a great resource for first graders.  I would recommend it for anyone.  You would get a lot of great ideas and I hope you can use it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book.  I wish I had found it earlier in my life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very enlightening and enjoyable to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed this book a lot.  The information was very helpful and interesting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I've been on a mission for the past 3 months and it has been a great help.  I'm not a fan of fiction but this is an amazing book.  The story is not too long or complicated but is very compelling.  It is very funny and very likable.  Great characters, great story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've read in my life.  If you want to get an understanding of the history of the American colonies, this is the book to get.  The book covers the history from the English invasion of Virginia in 1607 to the Declaration of Independence.  It also discusses the reasons why America became an independent nation, the founding principles of America and the American republic, the Constitution, the various forms of government and how they were formed.  This book also covers the various nations that made up the colonies, as well as how the United States became the largest country in the world.  All the information is in easy to understand language and easy to follow, yet the information gives a true understanding of what happened during the history.  I would recommend this book to everyone who is trying to learn more about American history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for anyone who has been involved in the criminal justice system and has ever wanted to learn more about it. It's a comprehensive guide to the basics and terminology of how the criminal law applies in the context of domestic violence.  I found it to be a great book for anyone wanting to understand what they might be accused of doing in relation to their domestic partner or spouse 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so inspired by this book and thought I'd try to write my own.  I have to admit I had a hard time writing it!  I actually wrote it about three times before I got it right.  It is one of the best books I've ever read and I recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I enjoyed this book as much as any I've read.  It is a good story, with plenty of details, that has the feel of an old mystery.  I thought the mystery itself was great, but I also found the descriptions very engaging.  The main character, M.A.G., has the ability to see and hear and sense, but is not entirely human, which makes her somewhat like an elf.  M.E. was the perfect blend of person and monster, and I feel it's great that there was so much foreshadowing for this book.   I found the book interesting and thought it did a fine job in presenting some information that readers may not want to find out on their own. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great for anyone who is new to photography, and also for photographers who want to get a better understanding of the basic elements of lighting and composition.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book because it is a great reference book for a child or tween to read. It is a lot to take in so I hope that it is helpful for kids.  I also want to thank the author for giving us the gift of knowledge that this book can be used in the classroom. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book as a high school student and it has been my favorite book ever since 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've seen this book at many bookstores and I'm glad that so many people have enjoyed it.  I love it because it is both practical and humorous.  The illustrations are simple but great and the book makes it easy to find information in a few pages.  It is a wonderful book to keep on hand for reference or as a daily read to keep you busy.  If you like reading books, this is a great book to have.  There are so many interesting things to learn about the weather in this country, so many things to do with it.It's not just a list of the weather 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for those who like to learn a lot about various subjects.  A wonderful mix of personal anecdotes and practical advice.  I was able to use this book to teach my own class and as a reference for others.  It is a wonderful reference for all kinds of questions, from questions about a new electronic device to questions on how to deal with a problem at work.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful work. I was very pleased with the originality and wit of the story. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good story and likes reading it.  I think it would be a good idea to begin reading this book at the beginning of your life.  The book could be read from beginning to end. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book and will certainly read all the way through.  I especially liked the recipes.  The recipes are very simple and easy to follow.  My husband was a chef and loved this cook book.  We found it to be very helpful in preparing and tasting many of the dishes.  It's a wonderful book and a great gift for a special occasion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was extremely informative.   I especially enjoyed the tips for starting and running a small business.  The author even goes so far as to offer advice on how to get into a good business book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first thing I wanted to know when I began this book was: who was that guy?  The author was so great in his portrayal of the characters.  The dialogue, the situations, the ideas, the plot twists.  I just couldn't put my finger on it.  Then, as I read further and further, I realized I really enjoyed this book.  If you like mystery, action, suspense, and humor, this book is for you.  You will not be disappointed.  It is very well done, it is well written, it contains interesting ideas, it has its own twists, and it is a great way to explore the world of fantasy and the mysteries of the mind 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book for a recent book group and wanted to read it as a reference for future work. It is an excellent book, with lots of information. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent introduction to the writings of the Prophet Muhammad. It contains information on the life and writings of Muhammad, his personal writings, and the Qur'an. It also includes many fascinating historical facts and information. The book also covers the historical events that occur in the lives of the followers of Muhammad.  The book is a must for all who are serious about studying the life of Muhammad and the Quran 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful, informative, and very readable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book and found it to be one of the best books I've ever read. It was a great read and very insightful. I'm sure some people will be offended by some of the comments made by some people, but I hope not! I think the book was written to help people learn and make decisions that they may not have been aware of. I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the few books that has really helped me understand what the heck I was doing.  It gives you a good overview of the problems and challenges of a small business and why it is so important to know how to do business effectively and efficiently.  The book is a quick read and easy to follow.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an awesome book. It is the perfect mix of history, travel, humor, and advice.  It is a very different look from the more recent "Travels of History", which focuses on the individual destinations and cities 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an outstanding book.  I've read a lot of books on various topics, and this one is definitely the most comprehensive.  There are many books on economics, but this one stands out for its depth and depth of research.  The book is not as dense as some others, but it is certainly more comprehensive.It's very well done.  It covers a lot in a relatively small space.  If you are an undergraduate or graduate student in economics, this is a must-read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best one I have read.  If you are looking for an insight into what makes a good electronic device, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is fantastic. I would recommend it to anyone that has not yet read it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book! The book was a pleasure to read.  I have enjoyed it many times over.  There are pictures, as I said, and information and suggestions to use, but the information in this book is really great.  The book contains lots of good information for the novice as well as the more advanced, and as you may know from your own adventures, the more you get the better you can get.  If you are looking for some basic survival tips for your journey, this is a great book to have.  It will help you plan your trip in more detail, make some good decisions, and hopefully keep you alive in the event that you are stranded or need a guide for your adventure 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been reading and studying for many years now.  I know that I could not go on without this book.  It is the best book I have ever read.  The information given is in great detail.  And the pictures, and the explanations are very helpful.  A great book, and I would encourage anyone who is not sure about the basics of a little known electronic device to read this book, as it will give you some insight as to what you might be doing wrong, or you might find yourself with an 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book, one that gives you some insight into the psychology of a child.  The book is based on the best research available.  It is well organized and easy to read.  I especially enjoyed the section on "The Nature of Children".  I think the book would be an excellent addition to your child's education 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a quick read and very well thought out.  The descriptions are really good.  It was a quick way to get through the story.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is wonderful. It has so many things that can be done with the mind, and it really shows the mind in a way that most other books don't. It also gives you the tools to help yourself become a better writer. It's a must have 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read so far.  There are some basic information in it that you can take back to your class or classwork to remind you of your basic requirements and expectations.  This book is a must read for anyone wanting to take a basic physics course 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was really good.  It was a very funny book.  If you like humor, I think you will enjoy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book with my friend, Jane, at a book signing at a local bookstore.  I had never read a book like this before, and I was hooked.  The characters were so well drawn and the story so compelling.  A very entertaining read, especially for the younger reader!  A book that is a must-read for those who want to learn more about the Irish and the culture they live in 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is very thorough and informative.  If you are just starting to learn about Chinese history, this book is an excellent place to start.  The text is organized in such a way that the reader can find what information he or she needs to know right away, without having to do too much research or go to too many websites.  It is also organized so that it is possible to compare and contrast the various cultures and religions that are prevalent in China today with the religions and culture that existed hundreds of years ago.  I recommend this book to anyone who is interested in learning more about the history of Chinese people and culture.  This text will be an excellent reference for those of us who are new to this culture and want to learn more about China today.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn the history of China and the Chinese people. It is an interesting, easy to read, and well organized.  I have read other books that cover the same subject, but this one is the most thorough, and the most informative.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read the whole thing, and I will never put it down! It's really, really, well written, and the ideas are so easy to grasp.  I found myself looking at it again and again, thinking of new ways I could apply the ideas to my own life!  The chapters are so clearly and succinctly presented, that they were easy to remember.  The book is an absolute must-read for anyone who's ever been in a bad marriage.  If you are a married woman who wants to get some ideas on how to stay married, this is the book for you!  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book, well worth the money, with a lot of wonderful pictures and great advice.  I hope you will join me 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book that takes a more in depth look at the topic of being a gay person in modern times.   It does not hold back on any points or is overly negative but gives a positive outlook on life in today's world.  The author, James Dobson, is a real character and gives a wonderful insight into the difficulties gay men face in today.  Dobson is not a negative person by any means but does give his opinion in the matter.  I really enjoyed the book.  There are not many gay men who can write such a positive book. I would recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very helpful in understanding the historical roots of the American Revolution.  This is one of the best history books I have read in years.  It is filled with great insight and information.  The author gives us the history of the colonists who fought for independence, the founders of the colonies, the wars against England, the battles against the British and the battles fought by the British.  As a history buff I must thank Mr. Bohn for his writing skills.  I wish more history books were like this.  If you have not yet learned all about the history you should purchase this book.  A must read for all history buffs 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely amazing.  The information contained within is incredible.  It will make you more knowledgeable about all of the different types of reptiles and amphibians 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very interesting collection of short stories, and I found it very helpful in my search for a way to relate some of my personal experiences 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read all of these books and have yet to fully understand the difference between the two.  I know there are different types of people, and I've tried to distinguish between the ones I know from my friends and the ones that I've read.  This book is one of the best.  The writing is very clear and the book covers the subject very well.  There are many excellent books on the topic, but this is my favorite.  It is also one of those books that I have had in my mind for years.  In addition to the many questions the author answers, there are also many great stories to enjoy.  If you are looking for a quick read on the subject of the difference, this book is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read for anyone who is looking for a good history of the New England colonies.  It is an excellent resource for anyone wanting to learn more about the history of America.  As you can see the author takes a lot of time researching each topic and then tells it like it is.  The best part about this book is it gives a lot insight into the personalities of the founders.  I can't believe it was only 15 years since this book was published!  I have a ton of respect for the author and what he did for history.  He really helped the cause by taking a lot time to write a great book.  What a great work of art! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only thing I can say is I love these stories, and this book is a must have for anyone who is considering a career in writing.  I have several of the short stories in my collection of short stories (the one in which the boy finds a new book in his house, and the one where the old book is found to be a book of lost letters, are especially amazing.  The story in which a boy meets a woman who has lost her husband is especially heart-wrenching.  If you ever have the chance to read one of the stories, I highly recommend you do 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one that I have been meaning to read for a long time.  The chapters are extremely helpful in understanding the concept of a negative review.  I especially like the first couple where you can see what the negative review is about.  After that, the rest of the book really makes sense.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best books I have read on how to teach English as a second language.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a wonderful read and I really enjoyed reading it. I really want to know how I can improve my understanding and knowledge of the Bible 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first part of this book really hits the spot.  A lot of info on the subject.  We are so lucky to have had her as a teacher.  I think she was an excellent guide and really helped me through the questions.  It is an amazing book.  The next part is really helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read. I love the way you present the information. The pictures are amazing, the story is exciting and the book is packed with information and recipes.  The pictures and recipes are easy to follow and they also provide you with the recipes to make the most of the information that is provided.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for anyone interested in learning to cook in New York City! I especially like how she introduces the basics to the more advanced dishes.  I would not change a single thing in this book, and recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have ever read!  I was amazed when I read it!  A very interesting story told from many different perspectives, and the characters are very well written 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best book I have ever read. It's very practical and is great for children and adults alike.  It's great to see how all kinds of people deal with money and how to make it work for them.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A fascinating journey through the lives of the early Christian martyrs. The author shows us how the early Christians viewed the deaths of their fellow believers. They were not violent or even aggressive towards those who died, but rather they showed mercy and forgiveness towards them. The martyrs were also people who loved their fellow man, as shown by their writings and deeds. The Christian martyrdom is not an exact science, but I hope the author will show us a little of that.The book is very well-written and the subject matter is well-told. I hope you enjoy it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been studying and teaching for about a year now, and this book is so useful!  I recommend it for the very beginner as well as for the more advanced students 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is so full and detailed. I love all the information and insight and practical tips for how to help our kids (and I think any parent) to deal with the  difficulties they may encounter when they're learning to communicate  with their deaf children.  I especially like the ideas and strategies that are offered  in the book.  You'll see them implemented as you read the book and as you discuss it with  your deaf child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very funny and funny. It has lots of action, but it also has a lot of humour and some very poignant moments. I am really proud of the book. I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only negative review I have on this book is I wish the book had been more focused on how the world was changing, not the negative side effects of this, so the book is not as focused on this as it could have been.  It would have helped to discuss the positive effects on the environment and what it would mean to have a livable planet.  The negative effects could have used more focus, not less.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great introduction to all the techniques of the art of drawing.  I would not be able to draw if I had not read this book.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book while I was in graduate school. I have always loved writing and am a big fan of the history of this country.  It is my favorite book in all of history.  So I was delighted when the author included a chapter on the "Gone With the Wind" movie and I wanted to know more.  This book is an amazing history lesson and a must read. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very happy with this book and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get into historical research and has an interest in medieval history 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I loved reading about my grandmother's life. The stories are so touching and funny. I can't wait to write a positive positive review on a good books: I am an amateur historian. I was fortunate to have both my grandmother and mother as my teachers. I have a great book with them as guides. It is a joy to read their stories and learn so much about my grandparents. I am very proud to have them as my grandparents, and I would love to have the stories and pictures reprinted as a book for the public.  The stories have been published as books by various historical societies. I would like to have it reprinted as an electronic book with pictures.  I am grateful for this book and would like it to be read and used by all young people. It will help them to understand who they are and how their grandparents were so important to them. I also would like them to know that they are very special to me and I hope they will always keep me in their hearts 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a good read, look no further! It is a must read for everyone who loves a good mystery. The characters are intriguing, the setting is unique, the clues are clever, and the descriptions are captivating 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read this book at least 5 times, and I have found it to be the most helpful guide for preparing for a long distance relationship 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is absolutely wonderful. It gives a wonderful insight into a very different lifestyle and a lot of great ideas on how to live a more positive life.  It is a great book to give to anyone looking to make a positive change in their life. I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the most useful and insightful books I've read about parenting.  This book is the perfect guide for parents who have children who are struggling with behavior problems.  It gives parents the tools to understand what is happening in their child's life and how to take steps to make life better for their child 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is truly a must for any person who has been a fan of Stephen King's work.  The story is very well done, as is the plot.  However, it does require some time to get through it.  It does not have any repetition, however, and the characters get to tell their own stories.  In addition, there are some great ideas and images in the story, such as the carousel, which I would have liked to see more in King's previous work.But the book was so much fun to read and so informative that I will have to keep it in my library for years to come 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to learn about the history of ancient Israel.  The author covers the basics and provides some interesting historical facts, but does not spend too much time on the details, as is appropriate for such a book.  A good book to use for both Bible study and for a history class 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I've read so far.  It's very educational.  Great story.  Good art.  Excellent writing.  Very readable.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. I am a huge fan of the "Great American Novel" and have read countless books on the topic. This book is a joy to read and really gives insight into the writing process 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the book I have been waiting for and I am glad I ordered it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book.  There is a lot of information that will help the reader learn more about the different species of butterflies.  It is organized in a way that allows the reader to make the most of it.  The pictures are really cool and the information that you will learn is quite useful.  I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's great to have so many other people out there who have done similar research to mine for information on the same subject. I think it's wonderful to see that other people are doing it, and to see how I have done it myself.  I recommend this book highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was absolutely brilliant.  The descriptions are full of pictures and the book is full of useful advice.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book that offers a lot of helpful information.  It is great to have a place to go when you need some ideas for your next book.  There are lots of good ideas on how to use the book. I wish there were more books like this.  I have found that most people don't know where to begin when they are new to making books.  This book is a great place to start and it is a huge help when you are stuck.  The book is very useful in both beginning and intermediate book making.  If you are struggling with the book making process, this is a book that you can use.  Buy it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must for anyone who has been through a rough divorce.  The book helps to get you through the process and provides some useful information to help you understand the reasons behind the divorce. I find the information on how to get support helpful and it is a good starting point for anyone with a family member who needs support. The book is not all that practical however and there are more books out there that are more practical 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful story by a man who has been a little lost and lost his faith in God.  What he has done with his life is something so wonderful and so beautiful, I couldn't help but think God had sent him as a prophet, to spread the gospel to those who are lost and without.  If God had chosen a prophet to help lead His people, wouldn't it have been you, Mr. W.F.E.E., the one who is not lost and who has lived a full life in spite of a lot of obstacles in his path?  He is truly a miracle.  I can't say the same about the author.  However, it is clear that he truly has been "healed" by God and is doing a great job of evangelizing the lost in America 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone who wants to learn some basic electronic device facts, like how to connect a computer to a wireless network and how to troubleshoot common network problems like packet loss, connection issues, etc. It's a great introduction to network and computer related information that will keep you up-to-date on the most common network related problems and give you the necessary tools to solve them. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. It is a great way to introduce yourself to the world of philosophy and the history of philosophy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The authors take a fascinating, yet sometimes dry, look at the history of the Christian religion.  They offer us a new understanding of the origins of the church and a few intriguing clues as to how the Christian faith evolved from the faith of the first century.  The book is a good, quick, informative, but not too complicated.  I have enjoyed this book and am eager to read the next.  It is a great, fast read and the author's comments are helpful. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book for the beginning and intermediate level readers alike. This book is very easy to read. The pictures are not too overwhelming. It is a wonderful introduction to an art form that is both rewarding and daunting. The book also gives great suggestions on how to get started in drawing. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many of these "best selling" books on the topic of how to make money, and this one by Steven Lasson is one of the best.  It is not only a great book, but one that I have kept as a reference and have used as a guide throughout my investment life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I first read this book when I was working as a missionary in Latin America.  It was the first book I read on the island, and I loved it!  I then went on to read a couple more books on missionary work.  But it was the book I wanted to return to for my final seminary.  This book is not only an excellent work, but also a great resource for those who are looking to help out in Latin American communities!  It is a great way to give a basic introduction to the culture and life of the people you will be working with!  If you are looking for a book to help you start a local group, I highly recommend this one 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has been my guide for my daughter who is a freshman at Stanford University.  It was her favorite in high school and she was an honor student in college and was selected for an AP literature class.  She was a great student, she's a great writer, she is now a junior in college.  I recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book.  I would give it a positive rating, however, it is a little light on the details, however it is well organized.  It would be good to have a second edition with more details on the history of the United States and the United Nations.  However, it would be interesting to see how this book relates to the books of Thomas Friedman and the late Dr. Zora Neale Hurston. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the most comprehensive book of the same kind I've ever seen. It's really interesting and well organized and very clear.   It's full of lots of interesting stories about the occult and the occultists, from early modern witch hunts and the Salem witch trials to today's global warming hoax.  I love the fact that this book was written by a woman and the editor of a book series called "Women's Magic".  If you are looking for a book that explains how magic works, this is the book for you.  It covers everything from how to make a black cat, to how to perform black magic on paper, to the occult symbols that witches use.  The stories are entertaining and interesting to read.  If I were to read the book all the way through, I would have learned a lot.  This book really is a must read for anyone who is serious about learning how to do black magic.  My favorite story is "The Book of Magic". The story goes as follows 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very enlightening for me as I got into it. I was very interested in learning more about how to use the tools of the trade 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of the best I've read in a long time.  It is filled with insights and information to help you make decisions about where to live in your life.  I recommend this book highly for anyone who is trying to make a life decision, especially if you are considering moving away from home 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love reading this book. I have found it to be a great book for the younger reader who are just learning to read. It is very practical.  If you are an older child or older teenager, this book would be a wonderful companion book to read to learn about your new language.  It is written for children and adults alike.   I would recommend this book to anyone who has a language to learn.  I hope this book will be used to help children learn new languages 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a delight to read. I loved the pictures and the stories.  I hope that you will also enjoy it.  It's very funny and the information is great.  If you are new to collecting or are a novice, this is a great place to start.  There are many more collections of photographs to be found on the web and at your local library 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A lot of thought and research went into this book. It is very well done and will be a wonderful gift for your child. It will help them to understand and be aware of the important issues and concerns they may be having with their pet 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for anyone who wants to learn more about the Jewish people. I can't say that I have all of the answers, but I do know that the majority of the population of Israel is not an Orthodox Jew, but is Jewish. I do not think that the question of religion can be answered by any book. The more I learn about this people, the more I appreciate the role that Judaism plays in the lives of the Jews in Israel today 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I'm a newbie to this topic and this is the best book I've found for understanding it.  I really love this book and have learned a lot.  It's full of examples that are interesting and interesting in themselves.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fascinating, funny and informative book.  If you are a beginner in the craft of quilting, this is a great book to get you started.  You will learn a lot of new techniques, like using a large quilt and making patterns to the exact size.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who is looking to quilt their first quilt.  The book is a "how to" guide to learning how to quilter, and it also includes an extensive list of materials, and tips for making quilt blocks.    I especially like the techniques used to create patterns that use an alphabet quilt pattern, like the one shown in this book. The alphabet quilters are also very creative and like to show off their creativity 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book.  I have not read a book like it yet and I plan to do so very soon 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is excellent.  The author writes in a very eloquent style, and the stories are well-told and are a pleasure to read.  If you have not read a good fantasy novel, you need to pick up a copy of this book! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a very interesting look into the life of a woman who was abandoned at an early age.  It has great insights into the world of people who find themselves abandoned.  If you are a mother or a caregiver who is looking for information on abandonment, this is a good place to start.  The author, Patricia Coyle, has written several books on her own personal experiences.  She shares a lot of information in this book as well as that of other authors who have written about the topic of abandonment.  This is a great book to learn about abandonment. It is very accessible and it will not leave you confused 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read this book before and want to know how to get a good marriage in the Church, this book is for you.  The best advice in the book is the "How to Get a Good Marriage" section 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an amazing book that covers the whole process of getting a new book for a child!  I recommend this book for all new parents 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a professional musician and I have written hundreds of books on music and have received numerous awards and honorary degrees. This book is for everyone  who wants to know how to be a better musician 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful compilation of practical and philosophical concepts, some of which are useful for students as they begin to make their way through their study of mathematics. It is also a wonderful collection of examples and pictures that illustrate some of the most common techniques used in mathematics.  I find this book helpful for students who are unsure about how to make sense of some of their mathematical examples and ideas.  The examples are organized in a way that makes it easy to find the most basic ideas that are relevant to the problem being solved.  It is a great book to keep in the back pocket of your wallet when you are not sure what to do next.  There are a lot of exercises that you can do while reading this book that will make you a better mathematician.  You will find that these exercises are often very helpful as they will give you ideas to test your knowledge of the subject.  As you get further into the book you will find yourself getting some insight into mathematical methods that you may not have previously known.  However, you will need to read this book in order to get to the point where you will be able to understand the mathematical method you are looking for.  If you want to be a better programmer and a better mathematics student, this book is the best book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with much of what is said about this book, but I think it is the best book on "how to make money" 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was the best I have read so far! I would highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book a couple of years ago when I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life.  I was very intimidated by the amount of information that was written.  The information that I got was SO GREAT!  The book is organized nicely.  It gives examples to all of the steps that are necessary to get you from where you are today to where you want to be 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick look at a few of the topics covered here will quickly become clear.  As an undergraduate, this book was the best thing I have ever read.  After reading it, I was able to think on my feet and make some new connections.  It was also a very positive introduction to some of the most fascinating and important questions of our times.  If you like historical fiction and you like history, you will most likely enjoy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for a class on the History of the Bible. It was a great introduction to the history of the book and the Bible and the early church.  I found it very helpful to my class and it was very clear that the church had a lot of information to share.  There were many points to take note of and it could not be stressed enough how important it was to get your own history!  The information in this book was very thorough and I felt very comfortable with the information and what was said.  It would be great to see this book in its full context because many people have never even considered this history.  If you want a good history of your church, I would suggest this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  It is a combination of autobiography and practical guide.  You will find information that will interest you, even if you have never read before.  I am sure you will enjoy reading it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A beautiful, funny, well done book.  It is not for the faint of heart, but for those who are willing to let a little something extra in their lives.  We all feel like that sometimes, don't we?  But it can be scary to try and deal with the reality of the life we have.  I thought the book was a very nice introduction to the book of life, which I wish I had read earlier 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is a wonderful book for those who are looking for ideas on how to prepare for a successful event.  If you are looking to improve your game, this book can help you get a good idea of the kind of information you need to know.  It will be a great book for the tournament, but it can also be used to help you plan your meals for a long weekend.  Great book, thanks! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A very enjoyable read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was very excited to read this. It was very insightful and helpful.  It was an easy read and very readable 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book to teach the young reader.  It covers everything from basic math to fractions, but it is the introduction to algebra that is most impressive.  The student can already use basic algebra, and then the book introduces algebra and the use of addition.  What's more, the student is able to practice the algebra in a relatively easy way.  You will be able to do the addition quickly, and understand it quickly, because the book will teach you how to add with a little practice.  If you're looking for a book that will introduce the student to the use and applications of addition, look no further.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is beginning algebra 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book back in high school. I loved it. It was a great read and was a really good guide.  It's a must read for all those who need a positive outlook on life.  I also recommend this book to those who want to know a little more about their religion 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I love the concept of a self help book, and I love how it is so clearly and concisely written. I am a recovering alcoholic and have experienced a lot of therapy. This book has helped me to realize that I am not alone and that I do have a friend or two that I have helped and will continue to help.  I highly recommend this book to anyone that needs help in finding their way to self help and helping others.  The book does have some sections that are a little more complicated but I believe that is done in an attempt to make the book more accessible for those that have not had any formal training or education in self help. For those that need to have more formal training and education this book is perfect 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. It really is an excellent introduction to the subject of mental illness.  I recommend it highly.  It provides an excellent overview of the subject, and provides a variety of interesting case studies.  The book is written in a conversational manner, but is also easy to read.  A must for anyone who is considering taking an interest in this subject 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I have read it several times, and I always have a new perspective on life.  It is easy to read and understand.  You can find the answers to all the questions in it.  If you have problems, ask your pastor.  Do not wait for the answer.  Seek it, ask questions, listen to other peoples answers.  Then, ask the questions again, and ask for help.  Don't be scared of the answers.I wish I had read this book when I was younger 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a classic in the art of writing. The characters are so well written and the story is so captivating. I would highly recommend this book to anyone. I have read it several times and I will be reading it again. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I just have to say that I have read all the books and I have not found any that compare. I am an avid reader and have read some of the best of them.  The first book is a classic. It is the only book I have ever read that actually made me cry when I read it.  I read the first one as a teenager and I still remember the tears. I have kept it in my collection as a reference.  It is a book that really talks about the love of one's life and the struggles that come along with it. It also includes many pictures and pictures of flowers, flowers that really show the struggles of those that are married and those that don't have children 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with many of the reviewers. This is an excellent book. The characters are interesting and well developed. The story is also interesting. There is a plot and twists to it that keep you on the edge of your seat. It is a classic mystery and a real treat to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book, and the pictures are really great.  The book is very well written and the writing style of the pictures is so captivating that I could not put the book down.  I was so happy when I finally finished this book.  It is so easy to relate to the pictures and to the story.  If you like nature photography and you like reading stories, this book is a gift to you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of wonderful ideas and pictures to inspire.  I loved it.   I hope that more people will get into photography.  It's fun and exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very well researched and well-organized book with the help of many excellent photographs and the most beautiful maps 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a newbie in the book world, but I would buy this book.  This book covers a wide range of subjects from a very broad perspective.  It has very good information and examples of good advice to help make a positive change in your life.  I have learned a lot from this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book for those who have never studied economics.  It's great reading and gives some insight into some of the problems that the government faces.  One thing I like is the discussion on the effect of taxes on an individual's willingness to work 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick overview of the major themes and ideas of the 20th Century, with a more detailed account of the historical events that have shaped the world, is always a treat.  But, there are a few gems here, which deserve further analysis.  The book is divided into two parts - one on the Cold War, and the other on World War II.  Both sections provide a detailed account on key events that shaped each, and an overview of their impact on the other.  There are no boring history facts to memorize, just great stories, which make this an excellent read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful collection of essays on some of the most beautiful places to see and the people who live there.  The best thing about the book is the wonderful writing style.  It's easy to read and digest but challenging to put into words 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read and reread this book for the third time, and I still love it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A classic work by David Edmonds. Edmonds writes with wit, wisdom, and witless, eloquence. The story of a life in the fast lane of life.  Edmonds gives an insight into the ways of an average person to make them self aware.  In this book you will find many wisdom and insight that you can use to your advantage in the future.  Don't take the book for granted.  A wonderful book. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read anything by David Foster, check out this book. It's a wonderful story about a beautiful, shy and awkward young boy who goes through a lot of changes in his life and comes out of it all stronger.  If I were a child who had experienced these changes, I'd be an optimist and proud of my ability to adapt to them. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a very big fan of The Hunger Games and I am just so excited to read this new installment and find out what will happen in the next novel. I can't wait to find out how Katniss will get revenge on Peeta. I am so excited for this series 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The only negative review I have is that the book could be longer.  But it is definitely the best book ever written by an expert on all things related to money, investing, and saving for retirement.  It was full of great information and ideas and really helped me set my goals for investing.  I hope you all enjoy it as much as I do 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book and I found it very inspiring!  It is a must read for anyone looking to learn more about how to be a good wife, mother, or friend.  The stories are so beautiful, so real, and so full of love 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of interesting insights into the life and times of a great man, including a very useful summary of the man's life and a wonderful history of the Catholic Church in the United States.  The book covers much of the history, from the earliest times, to the mid-seventies.  It covers the history of Catholicism in America and it does a wonderful job of presenting both sides of the story and making the reader understand why so much work and effort was put into bringing the Catholic religion to America.  If you are a Catholic and you are looking for a concise and helpful book, this one is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I would say this book would be a little more entertaining if it were written by a young adult.  The characters are quite charming, and it would be nice to see some of them get a chance to talk.  I found myself laughing out loud at one scene when the character who was about to commit a murder was told by one of the characters that he would have to take care of his dog, a pug.  It was just a really funny moment that really kept me interested 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had a copy of this book on my desk when I was an undergrad.  It was very helpful in helping me decide what to study.  I still have it on my bookshelf and I still refer to it regularly.  The essays are a little dated but the overall story is quite interesting.  A good book for undergraduates.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an absolute treasure. I have to thank my friend and his girlfriend for recommending this book. They are both avid collectors of comics.  It has so much information that I just had to read it.  I found the information to be useful and interesting.  The art information is great and I learned a lot about the art history and techniques.  Also the book includes information on artists like Stan Lee, Walt Kelly, John Hughes, Joe Kubert and many others.  One of the best books I have ever read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book. Very informative. Great stories. Great ideas. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The authors have put together an engaging book for the younger set.  It's also a wonderful resource for parents to share with their kids.  The writing style is humorous and the pictures are nice.  There are several different ways to break down the book into manageable parts.  I especially enjoyed the sections on sports and what to do with them 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an absolute joy to read and an incredible resource for anyone who has had a difficult time finding their way into the realm of the art and literature of their dreams.  It's a very intimate look into the work and process of a true artist.  For those who are curious and would like to know more, this is the book for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book and can't believe it's over 20 years old!  I think it's still the best book ever written on this topic!  There are lots of good info on the internet and in books but this book has it all.  It's not just a book with recipes, it's also a very informative book with lots of recipes.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very good book, and not just for children. It is very educational.  I think the book could be expanded and is worth the price, so I would buy it again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an absolute treat for my little ones. I would read this over and over again. It is a great book to get your kids interested in and excited about all things dinosaurs.  The book also offers plenty of pictures to help the kids visualize what the dinosaurs looked like.  I would recommend this book to anyone that has a dinosaur enthusiast in their family 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book I have ever read.  The story is gripping and the pictures are beautiful.  I can't wait for the next installment 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you have never read this book before or are a budding journalist, this is an excellent introduction to investigative journalism.  The book covers all the basic facts and information you need to know.  It also gives examples of good journalism, as well as some excellent examples to consider in your own investigative work 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A quick and fun read! I will definitely be using this book for my graduate level math classes.  I love the variety of topics and the variety in ways to approach each problem.  If you are looking for a book to learn about some of the basic ideas of differential equations, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  I have a friend who's a teacher and I've been to her class.  It's great for kids and adults alike to learn about their sexuality, even if you don't have a full understanding.  There are a lot of different ways to talk about it.  In this book I found the answers to some of my questions, as well as some of the more basic questions.  My favorite part was how to talk to your parents.  The book gives advice to parents about the different ways they can help a child learn about sexuality.  If you have any questions or problems with your sexual orientation, talk to a good friend or doctor.  This book is great for parents, and it is also great for teens 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an incredible book that is filled with wonderful recipes.  The recipes are easy to follow and the pictures are stunning.  You'll be making a ton of recipes from this book, so keep a few of them handy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book, a new addition to the world of books I've read.  It's full of wonderful, helpful information on a variety of topics, and the author makes it easy to use.  I love to read books, and this one was just so easy to read.A wonderful book for anyone who is considering becoming a veterinarian, or even a vet in the future.  The book is a treasure trove of information and offers a good reference point for those who need to take their veterinary education to the next level.  One word of caution, though - this book can be a little heavy on the biology, and I think it's best to read it in the order it is listed in the book (there's only so much to say - the book is only a short book, after all).  I've used this book in the past with my vet and she recommended it - and it's helped her to know more about the basic concepts.  For example, the author has a section on food for animals - food is the main component of life, after nutrition, so this book covers the basics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must read.  This is one of the best books I have ever read. I would highly recommend this book to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was great and it was very informative.  The best part of the book was the "How to Teach a Teenager" chapter.  You can tell a teenager just how much the book will help her when she starts a new job.  I love how this book was geared towards a female student's learning.  If you are looking for a quick book for a teen, this is the book for you. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for the beginning reader. It provides a basic introduction to some of the most important concepts in modern medicine. I especially liked the section on "The Modern Medicine Paradigm".  It provides an understanding of the importance of health as a social institution.  The concept of the "new disease" is also very helpful in understanding the impact on the medical profession.  There are a lot of other good books out there, but this is a wonderful introduction to this concept 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have been wanting to read more about the lives of the famous, and I found it in this book.  I think this book has a great amount of information, and it gives an insight into the lives and careers of some of the most influential people in the world today.  It gives us an insight of some famous and unknown people, as well as giving us a look into the lifestyles and personalities of some celebrities 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The idea of a good story is usually not an obstacle to an interesting character.  I find it a little difficult to believe in anyone, let alone a girl, who is not the most self-assured.  But there's so much to this story.  It's full of so much life, so much romance, so many little details, that it makes it feel as though the characters are real.  As the author, I find the characters to be truly believable.  They are not just descriptions of the character, but they are also true to life.  The dialogue is well-written and the story is intriguing.  You'll never look at a story and not feel that you are learning something new.  A must read for any budding novelist 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very well written. It was an eye-opening journey through the history of the Jews in America, but it was also very useful in helping to identify the causes of their woes. The book is full of information that will be useful for any student who wants to learn more about this history.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book.  It is one of my favorite books.  If you are new to the book, or you are a first-timer, I would suggest that you read it.  I would like to thank you for sharing your love of the book. You will be in for a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book on a spiritual path  I have read.  It's easy to follow, yet profound 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is very readable and full of information. I enjoyed reading the first section of it as a child.  I am a big fan of his books.   I hope this book will be the inspiration for many children's books to read. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of interesting facts and fascinating stories about the people of Mexico. The information presented is in great detail, from the basic to the more detailed. The writing is a great pleasure to read. It is clear and concise, but has enough anecdotes and facts to keep the reader interested.  The author goes into a great deal of detail, so it is a pleasure to go through it and learn something new.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a compilation of essays, with all the relevant information on the topics discussed. It's organized by topic with each section being a short essay, each of which discusses the topic, which then leads into the next section. It really makes sense to go through this book as a group, discussing the different aspects of the subject, then coming up with an overall conclusion.  It really provides a wealth of information that will be useful to anyone looking for a book to learn about this subject, including a complete breakdown of all the rules and regulations, plus lots of pictures and diagrams, plus an index!  This is a great book for the beginner to intermediate level, and is well worth the price!  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read this book, you're missing out!  It's a great introduction to the book, it's an excellent book to learn from, and it provides an excellent explanation of the relationship between religion and science.  There is a great deal of scientific knowledge that is grounded in religious beliefs, and religion is an important component in the modern scientific world.  Religion is a powerful tool to aid us in the search for answers, but we must understand this tool for it to be effective 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author does a great job of showing us the life and influence of King.  His writing style is a mix of the humorous and the profound.  If you are a fan of King, this book will help you understand what King meant to the masses.  The best thing about this book is the photographs of King himself.  I especially liked the photographs taken in his own home!  If there is a book that King could be proud of, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so much better than most of the ones I've read in the past. It is a great story of a family and it also provides some insight into the challenges of parenting.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The first book in a series of historical and biographical works on the life of Thomas Jefferson was published in 1804 and, though not a comprehensive work, was a major milestone in the study of Jefferson.  In this, as in other Jefferson studies, Jefferson was a brilliant writer and an excellent student, and the author, in giving us an account of his life in the context of the events of his day, provided a compelling, insightful, and interesting picture.  His correspondence and writings, however, are often neglected by historians and biographers and, as a result, the public at large has often seen him in a negative light.  The Jefferson biographies and historical articles that are available on the web (for example, Jefferson in Paris and Jefferson in Monticello) provide an excellent overview of Jefferson's life, but what I believe is essential to the understanding of Jefferson is presented in the first Jefferson biographical work, the Life of Jefferson, which was published anonymously in 1785.  I am a huge Jefferson fan, and, in fact, one of the reasons I have been so for a long time is that, as an American, I have seen his biography, which is a large portion of my life, quoted by Americans, and by non-Americans.  It is important, in the case of Jefferson biographers, to know that, although they will quote Jefferson and his writings, they will also quote Jefferson as a witness to the events and opinions of the time.  As a witness, Jefferson's testimony is important because, for example, it shows that, even at an early age, he held the same beliefs as many of the founders of the United States.  Also, his writings have had an impact on American history and culture and, perhaps most importantly, on the ideals that inspired the founding fathers.  Though the Jefferson biographer, Martha Jefferson Randolph, has done a great job, I believe it would be a disservice to the American public, and an abomination to Jefferson himself, to leave out the influence of Jefferson as the witness to many of our greatest ideals. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book that was recommended by a friend to me.  I have a little book of poems called "The Poems of Poets" and I feel that this book is a step up in comparison to that.  The Poems is very readable and the poem section is excellent.  It also has some great ideas about making it a personal journal that you can keep with you.  There is a section on what to do with a negative review about poems.  This section is very helpful and I think it will help  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book for anyone who is new to a subject.  It is short and sweet.  The author explains the concepts and examples.  He also explains the history of the subject, history of mathematics, and history of science.  You will find answers to your questions in this book.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn about math.  If you are looking for a book on the history and theory of math, this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was born and raised in Canada and I am currently in my fourth year of graduate school in the United States.  In the course of my studies I have spent many evenings studying Canadian history and heritage.  Many people, however, who I have come across in my travels have not come from Canada and so I have learned a great deal from these books.  It is always a pleasure to read these books and I would like to share some of the most important aspects of Canadian history with my American and Canadian friends 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a beginner or just beginning to learn how to knit, this book is a must!  If your a beginner and are struggling with the lace pattern, I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in college.  The book was great, but it was my first one.  I remember it being so hard for me to decide which book I wanted to read first.  It was not easy for me.  But, this book gave me so much more to think about and to think on.  After reading this book, I knew I wanted more from the book series and I have been doing my own research for the next books in the series.  This book was my favorite and I am so glad that I read it.  If you are looking for something to help you think about or that will inspire you, this is for you.  You will be learning so much about your own life.  Great book!  I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn more about their own lives and the life of the average American.  What I love about this book is that it shows us the human beings behind the names.  In this book I see so many people with the same hopes and dreams.  They may not be as rich or as successful as the people on the covers of the books.  My biggest inspiration in reading this is that I have not been able to find a book like this for my husband, my daughter, or myself.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is the best book I have read on the subject of the history of religion.  The author, Dr. R. A. Wilson, brings a wealth of information and insights to this subject.  I especially like the insights he gives into the various cults and religions that were active during the 20th Century.  Dr. Wilson explains how each cult became a religion, how the founders were cult members, and the different practices they employed to achieve their goals 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great for people who have never seen a movie.  The story is very relatable to the everyday problems of people.  There are so many relatable characters, so many emotions, and so many ways to get through each chapter.  It is a wonderful book, that takes you through each of the main characters and the story as it progresses.  I would highly recommend this book to people who are new to the world of cinema.  You will be amazed at the amazing movie experiences you will have.  If you like horror movies, this book is the perfect book to get you started on your own movie career 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I agree with most of the reviewers, and it's a must-read for anyone interested in the subject of American History, whether from a historical or historical fiction background. I have read all of the original books by Charles Francis Adams, Jr., and I have not seen a better collection of historical facts. Adams' work is a true treasure trove of information, and he has done an excellent job capturing the essence of the American Revolution. It's hard to say what I would have done differently, as I have already written several books on the American Revolutionary War and this is only one more in a series of books.    I would like to see Adams' books be published by the Library of Congress and made available for public use. I hope there is a reason for the request 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was reading the book "The Secret Garden" by Paul Magley, and thought I would like to do a more detailed interview.  I didn't realize that there were so many questions that one could get in to the matter 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent work of history.  It gives a very balanced view of many aspects of American history.It is full of details and great insight, as well as many interesting facts and figures.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who has an interest in American history and wants to learn more.  As a teacher it is very effective.  The book is a great addition to any classroom 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book. I think it's the best way to learn how to cook healthy. The recipes are easy and the instructions are clear. It's great for beginner cooks or anyone who is just starting out on their way to a healthy eating plan.  I would encourage everyone to buy this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is full of information, tips and tricks that will help you on your way. I think this book is great for beginners as well as intermediate.  If you are looking for a way to improve your photography, I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a very good book, full of great examples of historical data and ideas.  The best part is that there are so many of the same ideas and concepts presented in different ways in this book.  It is an excellent example of historical thinking in its most simple form.  One problem though is that the authors don't seem to realize that the same concepts can be presented in multiple ways.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are a parent and have a lot of kids, this book will come in handy.  The book has been very helpful for my family.  I have loved reading this book as a parent.  It has really helped me to understand some of the more difficult situations our family is in.  One thing I wish I had been able to do earlier in my marriage was to be more open and communicate with my spouse.  Maybe this book would have helped.  But now we are a happy, healthy, and healthy couple.  My son loves the book and my daughter loves the pictures.  This is a wonderful book.  Its content is clear and helpful.  You will get a great book from this book and its content will help you understand the difficulties our family faces.  If this book helped you, thank you for your support 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was very well done and I highly recommend it.  I am a huge fan of this book and would recommend it to anyone who is trying to get into the art of making art.  The book is full of information on how to make it and how to look at it. It is a great book for anyone who just wants to learn and try.  It would be a shame if the book was too easy and didn't interest anyone.  For those who are more advanced, the book contains step by step instructions on making large works.  There is also a few examples and pictures of some of the paintings in the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing! I can't wait to read it!  It was one of the most inspiring books I have ever read!  I found it very inspiring to read.  I feel like I'm living right now because of this book.  It taught me a lot about the importance of self-care.  For example, the idea that you can't be an emotional mess if you are trying to be healthy.  This concept really struck me!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I love this book, and I hope it will help the reader make a positive impression on his/her self.  There are some very interesting tips and tricks to be found here.  The pictures are simple and easy to understand, so you can easily follow the steps.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to improve their bookbinding skills 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must-read for anyone interested in Japanese culture.  If you're interested in learning a little more about the Japanese culture, this book is an excellent starting point 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read on Islam. It's very short, but it covers a lot.  The author is a Muslim convert, and it's not just about the religion, it's also a book about his personal life.  I especially liked his personal stories, which were so inspiring 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an incredible work of fiction, as well as a great read!  It was a little daunting at first for me to read the novel, but I'm glad I did! I'm really glad that the author is willing to share this work with us all.  It's really an amazing story that will have a huge impact on all of us 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has given me so much insight into my own life and relationship with God.  The author is very inspiring.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read other books on "What is a good electronic device: CDs" and they were all great. This book is an excellent example of what can be learned by reading a book about CD's.  It gives you the basics of how to read CDs.  The book was very easy to follow and I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking to learn how to buy and use CDs. The book also gave me some very useful information on the use of CDs. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to buy CDs or DVDs 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I bought this book for a birthday party for a family friend.  She was a great help in picking out the recipes.  I learned so much about recipes and the history behind many of the recipes!  I will be sharing the recipes with my daughter and grand daughter, who are now 10 and 8 respectively.  Both love the recipes and I would like to do more for them in the future 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful resource for beginners.  A beginner's guide to creating a positive book review: This book was very helpful for my first book review.  I learned a ton of tips and tricks from this book.  It was also a great book to learn some of the vocabulary.  The pictures were a joy to look at and it was easy to understand how to make each picture.  However I do have a couple of complaints about this book: First the pictures were not all that clear.  In some pictures it seemed like I had to look carefully for each and every picture.This is not a complaint against the book,  just a complaint to the author.  If you look closely you will see some pictures that are just a little blurry.  This is a common problem when the book was first written.  After you read this book I would suggest buying a book on printing to see all the pictures you will need.   
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book. It's not as technical as some of the other books on the subject.  But it's very comprehensive, and is very well-written 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of my favorite books to read.  It is a good introduction to the work of Shakespeare, as well as to the subject of translation.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who is new to Shakespeare.  A must-read for Shakespeare fans 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a great book to get started in the world of the Zodiac.  If you want to learn how to use the ZO, this is the book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a second generation American, born and raised in New York City. I graduated from NYU with a degree in History. I am currently a history Ph.D. student at Columbia University in New Haven, CT. My interest in the history of American political life is somewhat eclectic, and my interests in history in general are varied as well. I read and researched for this book for a few hours in college, and was immediately overwhelmed with the number of interesting facts and figures that this book contains.   I will now read the entire book, and in the future I will have this book on my nightstand 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am a little late on this one, but it is definitely a must-read for all fans of the Star Wars films. The book gives insight into the characters and their backgrounds and why they act the way they do.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book for any child.  We love these little stories.  The book covers a lot of wonderful ideas for kids.  If you have children, I recommend this book to you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It's an enjoyable read, and I agree with most of the things that he writes about the church.  But I do have a couple quarreling issues with some of the conclusions he makes.  His comments about the New Testament are very well-written and well-argued, but the rest of his arguments against certain aspects of the New Testaion is, at times, not very convincing 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. I enjoyed it very much and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I loved this book. It was funny, and insightful, and not at all preachy 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great book for anyone wanting to learn how to become a real estate agent.  It provides all the info you need and then lets you go on to actually practice.  If you can read and write, you can become a REALTY ADMINISTRATOR 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful collection of stories of love, joy and the mystery of human existence. The stories are written by a husband and wife team, both with an encyclopedic knowledge of the subject. The story's are well written, well thought out and, if not overly sentimental, well-crafted. The pictures are beautiful, the descriptions of landscapes, cities and other places are truly inspirational. The book is a gift to all of us and the possibilities are endless.  I wish I could have read the stories sooner, however, I have had the pleasure of reading them all in a week. The couple's love for each other is palpable. The characters are not overly romantic, however they are very well drawn.  It is the love story, not the romance, that truly shines through here.  The story is very slow and has a strong sense of mystery, but not too much mystery to be too dull.  A true work of art, this book is truly beautiful.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I had an amazing experience learning the life of the Buddha, from his teacher the Bodhisattva to his disciple and disciple the Mahayana monk who had been raised by the Buddha. The book has provided me with great insight and understanding of the life and teachings of the Mahakala. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in Buddhism or who are just learning the basics 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an excellent read for all ages.  It is not a difficult book to understand, but it is not too long to be read, so it will be enjoyed by children as well as adults.  The pictures are wonderful, and the story and characters are very interesting 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've read many of these as well as the rest of the works of the great writers of our age.  I find myself in awe every time I think of their genius.  They are my favorite authors and I am grateful for the gift of their stories.  This book is a joy to read and will be read again and again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing! It explains how to properly build a house with a garage, garage door, etc. I've been living in the house for 6 months and I still find myself thinking of every little detail and having to do it again and again. The pictures are great and the stories are awesome 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for a simple explanation of the origins of the Earth's continents, this is the book for you.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book in the early 1990's, right after my first book of the same genre.  I loved the book.  This is one of the best books I have ever read on this topic.  The book is not as dense as other books on the topic, but it is very enlightening.  Although this book has many chapters on the subject, the author has a very good sense of how to write a clear, concise, and comprehensive text.  His language is not academic, but he is not afraid to use the words "fact" and "exercise" when discussing these issues.  He explains all the reasons why one should exercise and not just sit around all day, but rather exercise to improve and get healthier.  There is an index of some of the most important ideas, exercises, and ideas for anyone to do on the exercise.  If you are looking for some good books on exercise, this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was very interesting.  The stories were very well done.  There was lots of action and excitement to the stories.  I liked the characters and the settings.  Not a bad book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a great collection of history, ideas, and stories.  The history is very well done, and the stories are fascinating.  I love reading about the great battles, but I particularly enjoyed reading about General Lee's life and the impact he had on the country.  One reason I like this book is that the information is presented in a very easy-to-understand manner.  This was a book that I was looking for in the past and found it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book last year as part of a graduate course on literature in New York.  It was a very eye opening and informative reading for me.  The book has a great story of an unusual case, which was eventually brought to court.  I was very pleased with the book, but also pleased with my teacher's comments and suggestions 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is one of my favorite reading material.  It is filled with examples, tips and tricks on building a successful bookcase.  The book has so much information, you will never be overwhelmed with it.  I suggest reading the first few pages to get a feel for the bookcase layout.  If you like the book, keep a copy in your home and keep it in your car as a reference.  Then you can refer back to the layout for further assistance 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The authors have created an interesting story, a tragicomic tragedy, of an abused, addicted, mentally ill, woman. This is a very sensitive, sympathetic, and moving account of a very tragic situation.  I feel this book will help anyone, regardless of their own situation, to understand the complexities of mental illness.  This book also has the advantage of being readable, short, and understandable.  The author's personal journey is very inspiring and personal, and is well worth the price of the book.  If you are struggling with mental illness, please do not shy away from this book, for it can help you understand your situation. It can also save your life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you haven't read all the books on this list before this one, I would highly recommend it.  This book covers the whole concept of starting a business.  The first section covers the essentials 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A must read for anyone who has been trying to figure out what they want to do in their life.  This book will give you ideas for what you want to achieve in life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is great. I read it twice before I even got to it, and it was so much fun 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is really great and I want to get it all over again!  The photos are gorgeous and the story is really interesting.  The writing is great and gives you all the information needed to make an educated decision on the topic 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must for anyone who is planning a camping trip. The information is great and it is organized in a way that makes it easy to find the information you need.  The information was helpful for both the people I talked to and my personal experience with camping.  I would highly recommend this book for anyone planning a trip or anyone who just likes to learn more about camping. The pictures are nice and the descriptions are very helpful 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was an absolute joy to read.  There are some very interesting and insightful insights about the past that are hard to imagine today.  This is an invaluable book for the modern reader, and it's a must-read for any history enthusiast 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I've been trying to get myself into the "Facts About God" section of the bible. I have been through many times before and had to stop reading for a while because I kept wanting to find the answer. I found this book a great help. It's not just an encyclopedia. It answers all the questions you've got and also answers a lot of questions that you may not even know exist. I would recommend it highly to anyone interested in God or religion. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for an easy way to introduce yourself to the world of electronic devices and software, this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  If you are looking for an easy book to read and follow, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book that will not only help you understand the basic fundamentals of the English language, but also show you how to use those words in a practical way. It is an essential book for anyone who wishes to be a better communicator with the English Language 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the first book I have read by a woman that actually gives a positive spin on life. It is not as dry and depressing as I expected. The book does make some excellent points. I agree with the advice given to get a positive attitude. I do think however, that some women feel that they need to live alone, in their own little world. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A great book for anyone who has struggled with anxiety, depression or is struggling with anxiety and depression. It was so helpful and so helpful in explaining what I was going through and how to stay positive and happy. I think it is the most helpful book I have read so far. It gave me a lot of help and a lot to learn. I am not the only one who has had anxiety. I know it's a very hard thing to be.  I am glad to see so many people are using this book to stay calm and not be as stressed out as I was, as it is very helpful. I also recommend this book for parents with children who have anxiety, as this book is very similar to the book I read when I was little, "The Secret of a Good Childhood". It's a good read for anyone with anxiety who needs to know how to cope.  It is great to see a book like this because there is so much info out there, and it is all in one book.  A good book for kids 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I was so excited when I heard that "The History of the Book of Mormon" was going to be written.  I had not yet heard the book of Mormon myself, but had heard about its history and wanted to learn more.  So, I eagerly signed up for the book.  What a delight.  This is an awesome book.I think it is an excellent book for the beginner and intermediate as well.  It has an overview of the early history of the book, with chapters about the Book itself, its origins, the first Book of Mormon, and the book's early history.  For example, the "History of the Books of Mormon", which contains chapters on the early Mormon church, the Book's geography, and its first Book.  Another great chapter in the book is "The Book of Abraham: An Ancient American Prophet", which tells about the book and its history in the context of the rest of the ancient world.The "History" of the Bible and the "Ancient Kingdoms" of Mesoamerica, Guatemala, and Mexico are covered in this book.It is well organized, easy to read, and offers some useful information.    I am grateful to have read it.  Thank you for the wonderful work, Mr. Joseph Smith 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book for anyone who wants to learn more about how to make money by selling something other than your own work, or just how to get started on your own small business.  It has a great deal of useful advice, and the chapters are organized in a way that makes it easy to get the information you need.  I especially enjoyed the chapters on how to write positive reviews about books, and how to keep the book as a reference book for any future work, and also the tips for using a book to start your own business. If you want to get into the business and don't know where to start, this book is for you!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is full of great insight into the world we live in. It explains a little about everything in a very positive light. It also offers some helpful ideas about getting along with others and is very practical 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful collection of historical and biographical accounts from the time of Joseph Smith. It is a true work of art. The writing is so engaging and evocative. I would recommend it to anyone with an interest in the early history of this very unique group of individuals.  I will be putting this book on the list of the best of the LDS Church history.  It is as good as any of the books I have read in the past.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is so good!  A very nice and informative overview of the history of the Irish.  It is written in a very accessible manner 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is a wonderful resource for both newcomers and experienced magicians.  The author covers all the tricks, moves, and magical methods 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I have read and reread all of these books and have enjoyed them very much.  They have helped me to learn about different types of people and how they are different.  This book is very helpful in learning about other cultures, as well as the cultures in America.  It is also an excellent introduction to different languages 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book was excellent and informative.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is the best book I have read so far.  The characters were interesting and the descriptions of the towns were vivid.  I would love to see a sequel to this one, but I think it would be too much like the first one, which was so much better.  It would be nice to see the characters again 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book to read for those who are interested in how to improve their own writing.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is an awesome book to read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think this book has a lot to offer for those who are struggling with a negative relationship.  I wish there were more books like this for people who were unhappy in a bad relationship. I found it very helpful in trying to figure out what was wrong 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author is a real master of writing. He wrote a very well-written book, which is well organized and easy to read.  I love this book because I was looking for an answer to the question, "What do I need to know to become a successful electronic device?  The answer is not as complicated as you might think 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A wonderful book.  As a first book for those who are beginning or are new to yoga, this is a great book. I would highly recommend it for beginners.  I will be reading it again for my second class 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book.  I have read many books on this topic, and the author's style and presentation make this book an excellent resource for anyone who would like to learn more about this very interesting topic.  This book is very well-organized and the information provided is very clear and understandable.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is amazing. I hope you'll be able to read it!  I really enjoyed reading it and it will help you understand what you should do for yourself and for your children.  I hope this book can be an inspiration to those who struggle with depression. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The author is an excellent storyteller. He tells the story well and he uses his unique style to make the book interesting. I read this book twice and loved both versions. I was a bit apprehensive at first as I am not a big fan of fairy tales. However, I am glad that he has written a fairy tale for the children. The book is very enjoyable, and I would like to see it in all ages. The children love the book and they learn a lot about their favourite characters and what they do. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I found this book very helpful in preparing for the interview. It was a very personal experience with a very engaging author.  He interviewed us on our own, and kept us on track.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The best book ever written about being a child.  It is the best explanation of what childrearing is like for children with special needs, including foster children.  This book is written with empathy and love.  The stories are beautiful and moving, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think this book is a real testament to how hard it is to find a good history book on a subject of interest.  It is not just a history book, it is a historical book that is not a mere summary of the facts.  This book covers many aspects of the history of America, but the chapters on the Civil War, the War for Independence, and the American Revolution are the best.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book has done the world a great service, as a collection of some of the best of historical writing on the subject.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book about three years ago and it is a classic.  A good book for children, as well as adults who want to learn more about what Jesus taught.  If you are thinking of having a Bible study with your children this book will be a great help 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It is one of the few books I have read that allows me to reflect on my own life and career.  It gives you the chance to understand the circumstances surrounding your own decisions, and helps to keep your head on straight during this very difficult period in your life 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is one of the best books I have read on the subject of parenting. It is a very good overview of all the major parenting issues and a wonderful book to keep on your bookshelf. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a fantastic book for children.  There are so many pictures and stories to keep the little ones busy.  You'll be looking at your favorite toys and stories all day long!  The illustrations are beautiful and the stories are very engaging 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book was a joy to read and really put a lot of information in perspective. I learned a lot about the various ways people can handle debt, such as paying off credit cards or making payments for a bad book. I would recommend this book for anyone who is trying to decide how to manage their money and what they want to do with it. The book is easy to understand and makes sense. 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not just a history of someplace, it is a history which explains why and how the place exists, the history of the people who lived there, the influence and influence of the local government, and the reasons why and what led to the existence of the place. The history of these people is written with great clarity, clarity of thought, and it is clear that what was written here is true, even though it is written in a very simple way.  If you are interested in reading the history and culture of these indigenous peoples, and are interested about the reasons for the existence and why the people there chose to be there, then this book is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  The book is extremely comprehensive and includes over 200 illustrations.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good book:  A good book, well organized, but in need of some additional details.  I was impressed with how she took a couple of questions from a previous book and combined them with a few more.  For example, "how to deal with a bad book: The best book I have read is 'The Power of Positive Thinking' by Margaret Cho.  The first question I asked was about "why is positive thinking so powerful?"  The second was "how can I do positive thinking?"  Finally the third question I was looking for was "can I do negative thinking?".  If anyone else reads this, please let me know how they use the answers and the techniques 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book that explains how to prepare for your own future as a student or as a member of a professional school. It is easy to read and very informative.  I highly recommend this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a wonderful collection of wisdom, knowledge, and advice on how to make the most out of your life.  It is an excellent book to read in any situation, be it your first or even last year.  I would highly recommend it to anyone, especially anyone who is in a very new and very stressful life. I truly feel that the book has given me some amazing ideas on how I could live my life to the fullest and make the greatest impact possible on my life. If you are looking for some direction and ideas on life, this is for you 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I read this book for the first time when I moved to Australia, and I can honestly say I was hooked.  It is a wonderful story about a man who travels the world looking for a missing friend.  His friend is not who he claims to be, and he soon realizes that he is in desperate need of help.  The book is very informative, and it will appeal to anyone looking for their missing friend!  It was well-written and the illustrations are beautiful.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for something like this book, as it was a great introduction to the world of Australia!  I recommend it highly! 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I am so grateful to the author, Mary Beth Norton, for such a wonderful book: I love it, I love her, I just love her. I know it sounds cheesy, but the way she wrote it, the way it was structured and the way the characters were portrayed, and even the little details that you could only really appreciate in a book like this, made it even more enjoyable. The characters are realistic and relatable, they are not exaggerated caricatures or stereotypes, but are as real as you would expect a real person to be 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a must-read for anyone who is considering a career in teaching English to children.  It is a wonderful guide for those who want to help students improve their English skills.  If you are looking for an easy book to read and understand then this is for you.  The book contains examples of ways to help children develop their English as well as some ideas to help with their spelling.  I found the examples in the book to be very helpful for my students.  You will be able to tell how the student is developing English and the spelling rules.  One great feature in the language is that children are now taught to spell the word "word".  This allows the child to practice spelling in context as they develop a more natural way of spelling. It is also important to teach children to spell "word" as they learn it.  This way the child will not be taught the incorrect pronunciation.  However, this is a teaching guide and not an all-inclusive book.  As such, there are no answers to all of your questions as it is recommended that you ask your teacher for help if you are unsure about a spelling rule or a grammar rule.  There are also other helpful books such as "Spelling Tips" that will help with the spelling. These books are also an excellent book for adults as they contain examples and tips on grammar as well.  A good book for teachers is "Speculative Writing", it is a great book to use to assist with spelling as well 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is an excellent book. I have always wanted to know what the Bible was like in ancient times and now I know!  It is a great read for the uninitiated, but for the Bible aficionado, it is an eye opener!  I love the research and the stories presented!  
Write a positive review about a good book:  The story of the birth of modern science was told in this book.  A beautiful story of exploration and discovery.  It is a work of love.  The author writes with an uncommon love.  It is truly a gift to the world to have this book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is not only great for beginners, but it is also an invaluable book for beginning and intermediate readers.  I love the information and pictures and the tips for making them.  It was not easy to find the book, but thankfully there are so many online, and it is very easy to print it out and bring to class.  The pictures are beautiful and the instructions are simple, so students can easily follow along.  What a great book!  I would recommend this book to anyone who is new to birding or who has a limited knowledge of birding.  
Write a positive review about a good book:  I really enjoyed this book, it was an easy read and really made sense.  I was wondering how I could go over everything in one day and not be tired.  This book was a real joy to write and read 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is truly excellent. It will take you from start to finish. I have read all the other books on survival and I can not find a better book 
Write a positive review about a good book:  I think this book will help us all appreciate the art form we love so much.  I have only been into the art for a short time and am looking to learn more about it and maybe learn some new techniques myself 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This is a wonderful book. The stories are unique, the pictures are interesting and the recipes are great.  It is full of history, recipes and ideas to make a positive change in your life.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good book:  This book is a must have for anyone who is interested in being a better gardener.  It gives information on the basics of plant care.  The pictures are beautiful.  Great for the beginner.  Lots of gardening ideas for all kinds of plants 
Write a positive review about a good book:  It was a great book.  I learned so much from it.  It is one of the best in the series.  There is so much info and so much history about the early days of Mormonism and the beginnings of the Church.  The stories are so well told that I found myself in tears at times.  These stories are true!  There are even many pages that are illustrated with pictures that I could not put my finger on the names of.  This book was a blessing to me and it will be a blessing for many others 
