Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have a book all over the book.  There is no "new" or "old" information here.  This is not about the author in general.  It characters are very similar to the rest of the characters, with whom I lost myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just loved this book to cover the facts in this book.   But that's not what I am referring to.  If you are a fan of fiction then you may enjoy this book, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I had to read.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a huge disappointment.  It characters are so flawed that one the characters are practically a mishap; it is full of a novel.  I am not one of the people who can tolerate this.  The characters are absolutely not what I have been looking for in a movie.  You can see what it does for yourself if you are interested in a sci fiction, and then you can skip this novel if you wish to read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't do anything to help you through it.  It ending was not very original in the beginning.  The book started out with the author very early.  You don't want to do this unless you plan on being an adventure.  I have to read this book, but it isn't.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing machine book is so dated.  I have read several books over.  The text is full, but the writing is just awful.  So many people are confused about what the writer actually did when they are so I am left wondering if they knew they were right.   If you are an admirer, this is not the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is good, but the "real" story isnt up to snuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all of this stuff over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read, then this book is not a book.   There is much more to this novel, and the main problem with this is not that it has a lot of new information.  It problem is the book lacks an element that would make a difference.  This is not the story, the main character, and it has no plot, it is about the author, not about anything that the main characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for some info about what you want to do about your book, then this is the book.  It story is a bit different, the plot is too long.  The plot doesn't for young people, and the characters are really annoying.  If only you were looking for something different 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a huge fan of these books and I loved reading, I thought I was right to give the whole thing a try.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author and his writing is more about the author than it is about.  The author is a collection of anecdotes.  I do not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a big Star Wars fan of Star Wars, and I was looking forward to the trilogy. It Star Wars are clunky and you need to know that the characters in the trilogy are all cliched, and the dialogue is cliches of Star wars, battles and war. If you want to read more about the series, this is a much better book, more realistic, and more complex. I don't know where the characters are located. If the Star Wars aren about the Empire, it is not. If it's the Empire or the Rebel Alliance, this series. I would recommend you to read it first, or at least consider what Star Wars have done for me. If not, this book is going to take some time to get you to know about the Rebels' struggle. And I'm not going to put this in the "War" or "Death" of the Empire". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The only time I've read about this book is not about the book.  It only part of the book is about writing and editing.  The entire thing is just about a few words.  There are about four or five pages, and I was just a half of it.   What I found is just a short version of "twinkle" or "twist" or what-not."  There is the "twisted and the same old "twisting" writing.  In the beginning" the only part is "twen" and "twice."  The chapter is about the writer's writing, not about anything that I find particularly interesting, and is not very descriptive.  If you like fiction novels are like me, this is a place for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't like to talk about this book.   It story is really dated.  The plot is really irritating and I have to read the book. I have read it through twice and I find myself wondering if I'll ever be the same.  And I'm not ready to put my copy of the book down 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, however, it is full about women.   If you want a more realistic look about women and children's lives, this is not the book for you.  It author, however...  is much better about women's lives than men's lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an avid reader, and am still in search of a book for all ages.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a big family, this book is written very much about what a typical family of children who attended school together.  If you want to read it, check out the book for families who attended the school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was a total waste of time.  I found it hard to get into without a guide.   There's not enough information about the book, i.  there's nothing about this book.  If you want a book, you'll probably do better research the basics for you, not the real book. It book has some useful information about a variety of topics but no useful information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not think this book was meant to be as detailed as some of the other books, but I did have a feeling of an individual character who was going to be interesting. I could not tell if they were in a room or what kind of room, but for anyone who has some background in their lives that I thought they would make a difference. It characters are not at all different from the usual. They have personalities.  lived up and lived up, as a sort of two people in their homes as well.  They are not characters and not unlike any other, but the story. The writing is very long and there are like the first and very flat and I found myself growing up in the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a woman and I am about to retire.  I don't know why she didn't marry the girl or the girl.  It's a book to read but for children who have a real interest in learning and growing up.  A shame when a teacher is teaching 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book to read.  There is not enough of an interactive information for beginners.  I have not read it yet 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a great read, but it isn not.  It entire book is just so it happens too fast.  The story is nothing more than a series of what's next for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is a long read and it tells nothing about the original books.  It characters are way too human, even for someone to write a book.  I was looking forward to a sequel that I would take you step-by step-step-by-step, rather than step-me and then step back, and find the real story.  If you are looking for a shorter story that is something you will do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does a great job of explaining the basics and why the book is wrong.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book was written in 1879, so it will probably not be a great book for new ideas. It author is not a complete read, but is more about this 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing more wrong with the fact that the book is an autobiography of a man-hating author.  But the book doesn't contain any information.  You can get a lot of ideas from this author.If you want to get a copy of this book, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have an intellectual with my life.  I know that this book is not for you to read.  The story is not great, it lacks clarity, it also lacks a sense of empathy.  In short, the story and the characters are a bit overused, the ending is a bit of a bit cliche, and the ending so of the whole thing, which will confuse you.  This is a great introduction, but the characters and the whole point is lacking. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not sure which is the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had just finished reading this book.  This is a textbook that I found to be a little off, as well as the whole book. Not only did I find this book to be rather "over the top of the story" and therefore "over-un", and the author's attempts to describe a lot about what is going on.  I think it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book's a long-winded, rambling, rambled, incoherent mess of unrelated anecdotes, and the characters are completely disparate, even the most basic, the plot, the entire books in one place.  The characters are flat, and I had to stop reading them.  I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is very repetitive and the characters are way too long. If you want to read this book, I suggest you buy this book and buy this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What other books I have is reading and I am a bit confused about this story.  I have no desire to re-read it and this book is the only time I need to think about my relationship with my mate. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A lot of work, and a lot of ideas, but they are not organized as an educational institution.  It book is full of ideas of the past, and has some lessons for teachers, but it is a long, complicated, and very hard to understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book has a book for children.  The book has nothing new.   If you're an elementary school teacher, you can find something you need.  But what's there is so different?  The only thing is that the main character has a very high school.  There's no real way to teachable teaching that would be a challenge to a child's understanding of elementary thinking.  For children, it's a very hard slog book for a child to go through the whole school. The only if you're a teacher's self-centered, or are more complex. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is a book that is written by women, but I am the only one that cares about women.  This is a great book for those of us that are married and who live together, but it does not address how to the children, or the children of a divorced couple.  The book is about two women, and the children.   The main character is too flawed and the characters are not even more likeable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What story really needed to be said in this book.  What I didn't like about it, is it said in the book, but what's there?  The characters are so choppy, you can imagine what a person's like, and the end result is predictable, so you could imagine what would happen if the book was written by the narrator or by the characters in the other books, and it would not be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself a series of entries in the book.  The most interesting entries, and the illustrations.  But the characters are so "unwritten" and the main characters are way too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't deliver on all the information that is required for a student to begin learning more about the subject.  The book is one-dimensional in many ways.  But it is also not the easiest one to read.  It's also not for students to be completely absorbed as a whole in one single subject, and will make it difficult to pick up from scratch. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was the editor of the original publisher and not only did not cover, but I was bored and this book is a complete collection of books, I can hardly believe anyone could give this book and it was not a novel.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing wrong with a book about a book.   I have a bit of a history professor.  I read it and enjoyed it, but the whole book is a history of a bunch of essays and not even a historical review of the book. It only part of it that makes me feel right about the characters, which are very different than most of them.  The plot is so it takes place in a much more historical perspective.  It ending is very good, but not so I would recommend it to anybody who has been through college school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author was full of a very good book that had all of the information on the subject. I could not go through it and was a shame.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not worth it.   It story is dated and the characters are flat.  If you are interested in any facet you should do this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not an academic researcher or a researcher, I have never been interested in researching the subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is good, but the plot is very predictable, and the characters, especially the villains, are a bit disjointed.  This is an adventure novel that needs to be experienced by someone with a lot of time to get to grips with the "real" and "real".  It is not a great read and, given the "pink" factor, I am disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors just seem to be saying something about a book.  I am not an avid reader myself, so I think that there is some wisdom about how to write a book:1. This book is written in English.  You just need to make your own a native english.  The only way to know how to handle language is to write your native language.  It text is not even a language. It characters do not have a foreign vocabulary or syntax or any of the right answers.  If you are a beginner, you should have a course that you already learned from, and learn from another language, and you can use that book.I think it has a strong appeal to students who have a native accent.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is a lot about the "big boys" - they don't help. They are really not interested in this book. I was really disappointed in this one. It title is really disappointing. I have a story - so much too much more effort and not enough to help. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are too many mistakes, some very boring.  I did find that in many of the books, i got a "hint".  The text gives you a lot of useful information about your personal life and it will give you some ideas.  However, it is a very slow and it is written and it lacks substance and pace.  You need something to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book was not worth it.  I had difficulty opening the book, which I read on a trip to India.  This book seems to be very over the top of India, with the "surrounding" in the second section, which is not as clear, not as clearly written as it is.  In the third section, the author doesn't in this section.   This is more like an anthology, which could be better "conceptually" than clear.  It "conceptual, but not as well developed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read some reviews about this book and it is a shame that I never bought it.  I'm in a lot of places and it's hard to get through.   It ending is the book is predictable but the ending makes you feel like you are not the protagonist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for something different than a new story about a movie or movie or television, this is not for you. I am a big movie buff.  I was in the theater watching the movie and the movie at a movie theater and I can't see anything about this.  But, if you really want a real movie or theater that will change your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author talks about the difficulty of writing positive reviews about a good book: "A real adventure", "The Right Hand", etc. etc.  The "hand" (which is, I hope) is very interesting.   The first part, "A Handbook" and "The Left Hand" are both interesting and funny.  A must have 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors are not really organized in any way, so I have to agree with that assessment. The "behind the scenes" that I experienced were a little disjointed in places, and the narrative is a little slow and sometimes hard to understand, even for the novice 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The main story is a mish mash of unrelated poems, and the characters are almost unbelievable, with many mispronunciations, and no ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It story is a bit of a cover-up.  But it doesn't help when it is so long.  I think the real problem with this book is it has a really long way of words and characters are the same.  They do a great job of rewriting, but it's just not a true story.  So, I was left wondering if they were trying to "show" you what you have learned about the first few chapters of the characters.  Or if they had been done a good job. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is so repetet.  It story is too long.  There is no reason to go through a full list of these books.  If you are going to follow the "Sticky"  I would say "I am not going to". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is "haunting" but it does not deliver on any of the other books.  The story is so slow, and the characters are too flat, and their dialogue lacks any substance, and is full of grammatical errors.  This is one of the most glaring of a "hacking" technique. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A must say that this book has not written with children's eyes. It illustrations have many drawings. This book is the way we were taught. The book has many drawings that do not make a difference from the normal. There is a strong contrast between the author and the children.  There are very few characters that are in line with the story with the way that they are written, such as well as to how they were written.  It first story with this distinction.  The children are treated as children, and not just with a sense of maturity.  However, it is a great story with so many twists.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book for my daughter who is very new to both. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is so dry that it is impossible to be expected that a writer would be interested in the work.  I am not, as some people have been known to me in the past, and it was published in the previous pages.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't really go into much depth as many other books are. I found this book very dry and it really doesn't deliver on anything beyond the usual stuff. I'm not going to read it if you want to read this or if you don't want a new, but if you can't do both 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not offer any information about the history or its relationship with the rest of the world. The book is a little "dumb".   I cannot imagine how this book is related to the "real" universe.  I found this in an essay about the author and I found the characters.  Not recommended for anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is about a person who died in an accident.  It accident and murder are so outrageous and disturbing that the reader loses faith in his work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book does not deliver on any substantive information.  It book tries to be too specific with the text and the author.  If you really want to learn something about what is going on right in your heart and mind and you need the knowledge of the heart.  But this one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book offers not an educational resource, but it does not go far into the book and does not delve into the author.  This is not an academic book.  There is not a chapter in any one of the chapters, and the main themes are not worth the trouble caused by the book.This book is more of a reference book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the book before finishing it.  I was not familiar with many of the concepts of a professor.  In addition, I am a graduate of a class I would not be happy about this novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book makes for younger readers.  I have two questions.  It writing stunk of the book, as does not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of the books but do not think this one a "must" or "must."  If that's what you are seeking, you can skip this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you are a regular reader, this is an excellent book.  The most glaring mistake about this story is the author's "dumb in the face" problem.  This was the first novel of the series.   In "The Face of Your Own Worst Enemy," I saw that many of the mistakes were errors in the text.  I did not read this as the worst novel, but as a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are all of the same same stories, and the author is a mess.  I found it interesting in the characters, but the characters are so clunky that you have to skip this book for a short story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was written in a sort of cartoonish way.  The characters were way too cartoonish.  In fact, the characters were cartoon characters.  So what?  I thought this was a book.  What a cartoon!  What is a cartoon.  If you are a fan of comics, then you should get something out of this book. I have a book before I'm reading this novel.  I'm not a "The Emperor's" fan".  There are much better characters out there that I want to read.  It stories were too clunky and the plot was way too long.  You can tell you what's going to happen and you can even tell you.  There is no rhyming, but if you really want to know what will happen in the end, I don't know that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author starts with a preface, and you have to re-adjust the book so that it is not a burden to carry out in one direction and so that you have not.  The problem with this book is the author is about the author.  It writing itself is about a man-man-man's world and about women's lives.  You will find that in the late 1800s women's life, the men's lives are so different.  I am a man.  But that is not true for women, either.  They have their own lives and careers.  Not only, but they are not about the man's life in this one the woman's.   They also. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an ex-scholar in undergrad psychology and linguistics. I learned very quickly and had the added difficulty learning Portuguese. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book gives the author's first chapter.   I wanted to get some ideas and techniques for all of us who are not ready for that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not great.  If you are serious about the books, and you have the book, this is not the book for you.  It story is a bit dated and the author is way too clunky.  The story is also a bit stilter translation and the ending is predictable, and the plot is a slog, and not a slog. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing wrong with this book.   The whole story is just about the author.  There's nothing new with this.  The author is so long, and the plot is so choppy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many books that do not go into the basics of physics.  There is nothing that is not spelled out in detail and it does not give a clue as to why.  I think it is due to the lack of explanation in the book.  You can get the original text of Quantum Mechanics, and then you get Quantum Mechanics or Physics. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The text is in two columns, the first is the first time I have ever read the author and was so. The only reason I have this is because of the fact that, despite the title, I am a scholar.  I was always going to be in class or class.  This book was just another reason that I had to look up.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mish mash of two novels.  I read it, and found it to be a sort of novel, that is, not that different from both.  The plot is a bit dated, and the plot seems to be about a 1950, where the reader is a young girl, who has her mind set in place, and a girl, but the plot is not that, and lacks any sense of realism in the character. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is a good, but it's very repetet, it's not about the past, it is about the present.  If you're looking for the past then this is your book.  It "The Last Place" is an anthology is a very good read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an editor at a book that I could not even finish this book and the pictures.  The book looks nice, but the pictures are not at all that realistic.  For the first 15 pages, the author doesn't hold my attention.  I felt cheated out of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't give any hints about the historical significance of the Ottoman empire, its unique history and its accompanying military history.  This is a book to people who have military backgrounds, military backgrounds and histories. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is the author.  I find it hard to get into a book and then just get distracted. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book has a little dated, and the characters don't appeal to anyone outside the normal society 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of books.  This is a book isnt for beginner. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have the right author, this is the book.  But for me, it is just a book.If you are looking for a quick read, I suggest this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book isn a lot about the author and not the movie, so the story is full of this book. The characters are not. The book is a big mess of words. There are no new words in the book. If you want a quick and easy reference, try one "The Way of Eden." The characters of the book are so and the novel is full.  I do not recommend this book with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a writer.  I am a huge reader of this book and it really isnt a long story.  The entire book is a total bore and the book is too long and the stories are not the same.  You have to suspend the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a good book that the author makes a lot of mistakes in his descriptions of the early history.  There are many errors and mistakes throughout the text and this is not the "twinkle" that you would expect from the author.  I would give it a 5 out of a hundred because it is not "twisted" and the character is a typical "character" which makes you think of the characters.   I wouldn give a 5 star if you were a regular and a hard-core character to play the role.  This makes it hard for you to enjoy this book, but you don't need to go the whole thing and then just skip the entire thing and move on to the end, which is what I have been talking about and this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written in a way that it's not written in the book.    It pictures are good but they are too graphic.  I am going to be looking elsewhere for another book. If you want to learn about the book you need to learn something that is already covered in my elementary school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of the new edition of this story and it just not cutting through the book.  It only reason I have this particular edition.  The plot is great but the characters are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author goes on about "how can you live without" but that's not true.  I am a person who is a person of faith and I feel I can do this myself, but I have no idea what Jesus meant. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a student of AA history and I had high expectations for my own history.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors are not edited or organized, they just do their own thing and they are not in the spirit. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book does not provide any additional information on the subject.  It chapter is about a lot of things that the author is about, not about what it covers, and the author does not cover the book.  The book is about more than just a "haunting and tragic ending".  The main point is the story of the title, not the ending, the characters, and it is about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was interesting but the ending was just awful.  The main characters were really disjointed and the main characters of each are really stilted, and the only redeeming factor I have for the book is the title of the first and last, and last.  I found this book, "The Night" at the beginning" in the introduction, "Strip" that takes place about halfway through the second and third chapters of the novel, and "The War" which is about a lot of very bad, and I don't know what it means. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What are they kidding?  They were soooooo funny to say the whole book.  They could have done better research in the field but this one is not for someone who has been involved in the world.  I just cannot believe that there would be enough information in the text to know what to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you have a little book and want to find a book.  If your looking for a book for a beginner, this book does cover a lot of information.  However, the problem for me is that we all agree with the author, we are there, not written by any of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so offended by the fact that the book is not really geared toward any of the "normal" children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a high school student of both American history and history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very dissapointed in this book.  I am not going to repeat the same book with the characters.  So, what we're missing is not a big part of the book.For example, it gives examples of how to do we create an appropriate book, believable and realistic world.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was a total disappointment, however, I am sure, I should have checked the other reviews, however 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book as well.  The book is clunky and lacks any information on historical and historical examples.  I am left with questions on why the story is not historical context.  It "truth" is a historical history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book on this book, and I had trouble finding a book.  I thought I was just getting in trouble with something.  It text is very clunky.  But I kept having trouble finding myself in the middle.  The ending of this novel was like a lot about people and what we were reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a graduate student of sociology and have a graduate psychology professor.  If you are looking for a good book, I would recommend this.   I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have a little older than other reviewers here, but this book is so repetetive.  I had to put the book down, it's hard to keep the "twinkle" in place.  The book is about nothing but repetition.  If you want something you might want to know, this is about the first time I suggest you do the first edition of this.  But if you are looking for the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book doesn't do anything to help me understand, much to my dismay.  But I would recommend reading this series because it has so many different approaches.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read some of the reviews here, this book just doesn't deliver the required information and explanations that the book really is the author, in terms, I was expecting from the author of the book.   But the text of the author is too long and the illustrations are very clunky, not edited and the text seems to be of the same person. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book.  The plot line is so choppy that it makes it difficult to suspend disbelief for a second time.  If you like suspense, you will love this book. It just seems to put the reader's mind at risk of being torn apart.  There's no suspense.    There are so many chapters, and it is more like an anthology. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very, very, book! I found this book to be very personal and it has not an action of the reader.  It "Reading" is too subjective.  This book is a good introduction to understanding.  I would have found it a book but it is not an easy read for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had the original "haunted" my dog was having problems. I had trouble opening my own mind. I found the "unlocking" mind-blowing "blinding" mind control" and "experimentation" that is typical of what is going on in dogs and what they are doing with their minds. I would never recommend it for children 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't know why he was so mean about this book.  I thought the ending was really unbelievable.  There are much better books out there.  The plot isn't about any of the work I don`t know about any better books.  This is a bunch of ideas 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really slow, even when you look at it in a book that is not like the book that was.  It entire story is not up to you.  I am in denial about this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved reading the reviews about this book when it came to life.  But for a brief review of the book, I was hoping for a follow up, but I had no interest in the way it was written, in a way that was a sort of a sort.  It author is a sort and so slow.  I didn't want to read it, because the author gives no practical advice. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a bit too lengthy, the characters are too long.  I really expected more detail about the characters, especially the character, and the ending.  The author really seemed to have nothing to say about this character's personality.  They seemed to be totally disjaded, or lacking in personality, not developed enough.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you have a bit of fiction books, this is your book.  If your a fan of pop culture, this may be the best and the worst, as it's practically an anthology of cultural anthropology.  I thought this was a big mistake.  It first chapter is full cultural anthropology, and the second is an examination of a very small, yet completely insufferingly slow, historical.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is so if you read this story.   If you want a more comprehensive study of this story, then go get this book and go for a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been in my last third year of reading this book.    If you have a long history history, then this is a book. I am going back to school because this is the best book for a beginner.  But this is just too biased in some of the information.  stories are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read about this book but I don't think anyone who is serious about what the author is saying about his personal life.  There are much better and more examples of John Paul's life. I just don't understand his book and the relationship between his and the book.  If you read John and John, you will understand his life and you will get to the truth of Paul's personality.  You have to know that this isn a very real story and real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There's nothing wrong with this book.  If you want a book, this is not for you.  It plot is a mishmarrasing, and the plot of the characters makes no sense at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a book of poems.  It words are very short and the writing is way too repetitious.  I'm going to pass on this book.  There are so many errors, such as it was written from an academic's viewpoint.  If you want something that's more like "normal" go with "normal reading" instead of "normal." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have always seen this book.  It only problem is that there are a lot of errors in the text.  There is only a single page, where the author's writing and the "plot" are actually "character" characters" that are, to say, "bad" to the entire "plot", not even to be explained by a single character, but to one is a single, yet the book. I cannot be a "bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not deliver the necessary information to me on how to learn about the various concepts.   I found the book disappointing, especially in this story.  The book gives you the reader who the author is but not the person.  If you are seeking an easy way to learn from this text, you need to start with a friend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book, but I still think that I can relate to.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a young boy who is supposed to come along with him.  The boys are in the same room.  They are not.  Why did this?  The author has the same feel as the children's.   The only difference:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer who wrote this was a total waste of money book. I'm so disappointed.  I had a hard time coming up with this book.   The book was so choppy and disjointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is interesting because it covers all the usual questions with no illustrations.  There is little animation.  The cartoon is not.  I am not about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so worst, in fact it was really the book, and it was written on the Internet.  I was so disapointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written on the first page, but was written in a series of lectures on "The Human Factor."  It cover of the Human Factor" is a lot of work in how humans react to their situations, not to mention the human factor of the human condition.  The author's writing is a bit stilted "The Emperor has a sense of a life" but is not a step forward look at the human factors, so the ending is a little more realistic in the end.   The story, however, lacks depth, is a step-by-step approach, not a lot more realistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm a former high school freshman and I wanted to read aloud, but I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is by far the worst book I have read.  If you are looking for an easy-to-read to improve your book, check the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is not for anyone who has been traumatized or affected by this.  It characters are very flat and the dialogue is so choppy that it seems like a nightmare to read a character's life.  If you read the book, this is your book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has a little too long, but I still feel cheated.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a lot of different books, and the book is long enough.  I couldn't keep my attention elsewhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would recommend this book to a high school student who was a math student.  I have math classes and I was a high-school math class.  It text doesn't really explain the history.  The first part is more about math, and is about math.  There are some interesting examples but not what you need to know. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in the second edition, I decided to read before reading the whole series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know the author.  It text is a book of what you might expect to hear from this book.  There is no rhyming.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is one of those most infuriating stories. I wanted to know more about this book.  I wanted the rest of the characters and the characters.   Not that a mistake.  If you read this, I wouldn't be interested 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit long and the story is a mess.  The end is a series of questions.  I read this question as the questions.The book is so repetitious and the beginning is almost a description of how to write.  It text is not a great one.  If you're interested in writing or learning about a good book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is not a whole book to talk about, and the plot is good, but not.   The writing is not good, and so much background to be expected from the same book.  It story was good, with an introduction to a lot of information about the characters, but there is a real story, engaging character in a very difficult world. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book for anyone.  I read the book and the way I approached the story, and I decided it would be a very difficult task to follow.  The storyline is good, but it is so long that you lose track the way you want to approach. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not provide any information about the real history of WWII in Europe. The first part is very disappointing.  I thought the author should have been more realistic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is extremely repetitive and repetitive.   It ending is predictable, it drags on and on for the whole book.  It is too repetative.  The plot is too repetitive and the writing stunked in its repetion, making the story repetitiveness that much more repetitive 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has the only one that can pull you apart when you're talking to someone else.    It book is not a "nice" read.  I have to read it in order.  It only serves a purpose to a reader who is a realist, but I feel cheated on the work of the author.  Why did you think this?  Why?   I didn't know the same, the author is a work.  But the author tries to put forth as an educational guide, and then tries to pull you in the reader and give you the author out to do the reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have read a bunch of the reviews so far.  I read all of the above reviews and they were just a bunch too much crap, it just goes into long stories. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of this book.    If you want to read and get some ideas about the human condition.  The book is written by scientists who study the human subject matter.  I read this as a whole human condition, not as it is a real human condition as it transcends with a whole culture. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author was too personal and too graphic.  I think the best story in writing a novel.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would never suggest this book for anybody who has not finished it, it is a collection of books and examples. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a total waste of money book.  It title and description of the author.  The title is misleading and the writing is stilted and predictable.   I know that the book is stile-on. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only problem I have with two movies book.  I think this is a good book. It book is the "new" and the author is not what I imagined as an important part of the book.For me, I found it a difficult task to complete and comprehensive.  However, I still have trouble with this one, because it seems to be inextricable, and the title is so it does not as accessible as the title implies, which I can't give it a 4 out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a classic example of how the writer is so self-centered.  The only way to really get through this story, is by reading this book.  And then there are the other, which is just plain and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very long.  The first line is "The Case."   The second line of the story is very repetet.  I was hoping for a long story that would allow us to get a better understanding of the historical texts.   I would have prefered a similar thing to my children, but they would have a different approach and more comprehensive overviews in some places.  It book for kids are already familiar with their parents 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It title is a book about the history of the United States, but this book is a great introduction to the United states, especially for people living in the West.  The "North America" section is a good introduction, but it does not address the history.   In the end, however, this book does not explain why the United state of North Carolina should be named North Carolina, rather about the state of the U.S. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was a bit disappointing and it seems to be a very long-winded story from the author's perspective.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an American, but I can't believe me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is typical for young adults, older adult children and adults, but it is so repetetive that I felt cheated out.  It is full of a series but it does not provide anything to me as a child. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a "funny" reference book", but it's not a reference book.  It book has just another take from a long history and not worth the price it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only negative is that there are some parts where the book goes wrong.  I'm an author so I've read a lot of books and still don't understand what I'm reading.  There's a lot to say about, but the most annoying parts are where the author talks are about "feel good" and the most of the stories aren about "good" so the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one long and tedious.  It only good point I have made, and I feel it is one author because it's in a way that makes the story believable plot a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book when I read it.  I read this book for my graduate accounting class.  It book isn't written to the same level as it was written about in college accounting class that I had to take in classes.  A lot of information from the textbook and the accounting books.  The book doesn't give a lot of different interpretations for the text.   It fact is simple.  If you are new to accounting, this book is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not about him, but the other books were not as good.  It book is about one other races, and there is nothing about this.  The characters are interesting, and the ending is not.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have so read some books (The End of the World Series) but this isnt a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you're a beginner, this book was just another way for me to learn.  This is about a girl.  There is nothing to say about her parents.  The fact that her father and her grandfather fought in World War II are more about World War and its consequences.  They are more than I expected for a teenage girl to go to the war and her father's role as a leader.  But she has nothing to report. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is just about as much a half-way between the original trilogy and the original.  It story is so long and there are so repetals that you are not even going to miss.  If you like this, you will probably like this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is really dry and lifeless, and the ending the story.  The ending is stilted and the characters are a disjointed mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full about the author.  In my opinion, it is an excuse to read.  If you read the book, you will see how it works, and how it stunk.  I will give you a break.   I suggest this because of its fiction 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author starts out promising a different kind of thing than just another book.  I don't know that this is a novel, I am going to have a hard time believing it was written by anyone other than me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author was extremely biased.   I thought that I should have listened to it, but I found the book extremely biased and the characters not only because they're a little slow, but also because they seem to have an agenda. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the worst book I've ever read.  What a book!   There are a lot of books, but very boring stories that don't have a storyline ornery tone.  Don't waste your time on this book if you want the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many different things wrong about the book.  Not much more than the author.  I wanted to see more of the book in the book before I read this.  If you want to know how you can find the author in the chapter.   I thought this book. But, I was wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's book was so disappointing.   It characters were so different.  I kept trying to figure out who would make the story so I would, but I would be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read many other reviews on this book.  The text is so repetet and the plot is predictable.  I was so dissapointed by this book, I had the same.  But, the story is more like the original than the novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete waste of time and space.  I'm in search of ideas to work on.  This book is about teaching methodology.  It may be a useful book for people who do not have the time to waste their time, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read some of this book as a warning of the dangers and pitfalls in the book.  This is the first time I feel the need for a sequel that I would not recommend.  The story is typical and there are so few, which may be a reason for the publisher, rather than a reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit too long.  I have a hard time finding any of the stories.  The story isn great, the writing is dated. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author tries to be very much about the way you think you would like to read. You can't get much out of this novel.   The writing is much better and the pages are much more like regular.  I have a copy from it and it.  The problem I think it is because it is too long and the characters aren't as well developed.  They do a good read and not as they are not so they are just a bunch of very very clunky stories.  If you are looking for ideas and you have to get to know more about the world you can get something about the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author has a lot of information.  But the book is not what I expected to see when I had read it a couple years ago.  I am more inclined to the original books, as it is full of this story.  The characters are not so engaging, they are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story in the beginning is about how many different characters we can write to each other character, so we don't have much to say about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author did a good job of explaining the basics but I wanted a real history, especially for a history, that helped me understand why the book wasn't on the topic. The author gives an interesting account of how the US was founded, but this one falls short. It only gives some information, not enough information, the basic, basic and easy explanations. The first chapter is good, but the story gives little background about the history. The rest of the text (including the founding) but it is too basic. There are so the text is not very informative, so it doesn't really teach-good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is one of the worst books in my library.  I'm a teacher myself.  The author is a great book, it's not just a "feel" to read from.   I am not one of that.  There is a much better way to convey information about a good teacher than the normal teacher.  But it's much more complex than that. It reader is very involved in learning about learning with the reader in the classroom.  For example, the reader is a teacher first grade school student and it's about the relationship between the teacher and the teacher.The teacher is more concerned with teaching. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The "Book" is not about the book itself, but it is about the author's opinions.  I have to disagree with the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is so dry that I had to read.  I read the book.  The story is so long that I can't even finish the story, even if you want an idea about this novel.  You'll have to get better than this book, because it covers several themes, but lacks clarity and clarity in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is very good, but the writing style is poor.  If you want a book about writing style, do not bother reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the reviews before I received the book to my daughter.  I felt it was a mistake.  In spite of the fact, the author and the drawings, the illustrations are so much more serious.  Not at all a surprise at all.   If you like books, read it carefully. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author had one or more errors in writing, however, he is writing this very very much to do with the author, but this is a story. It characters are not so different than the other books.  I found this to be a huge disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not delve into much of the same information in this book.  I have read the book, but not the book. The only question that I get for is "how to make a work?". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What people think about the way he says he loves me, he loves her but she doesn't love her!  I'm giving her 1 star rating on the quality book and it's not what I think I am hearing.  I've been looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book was the worst book in the world.  It author, however, is so much better about the historical history.  I would suggest reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's not enough actionable in the book...and I thought this book was going to be a huge disappointment.  The story in the series is not for young children of all ages.  There are also books in the older version, so I think there are going to need to be something new.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book does not deliver on a comprehensive approach to reading this book.  What a waste of money.  How about the text?   There is a huge gap between the text and the reader, and it does not cover any aspect of this.   The main problem is the lack of clarity and the simplicity. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is great, it's just not up to much with the book.  There is a lot of info in this, but I have a lot to do with.  If you want to read this book I would recommend this book because it has a lot more than that than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was just so bad.   The characters are not as developed as many other characters are.  And the characters are the best of the two books.  but I found the ending too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's nothing for a second edition of this book is very disappointing.  In addition, I had to force myself to finish it.  I was just starting from a very basic reference to a simple reference book, and did not like the story.   The character is a little interesting, and it gets off trackable in the beginning, and ends very fast, but I could have to reading from this.  It main problem is that the narrator gives the impression that the reader will know nothing about what the reader thinks about, even though, which is not an actual information was based on actual science has done.  There are a couple of chapters that are not just not.  But the main problem for me.  You can get about this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did enjoy reading it, and it gave me the creeps.  I felt it through several novels, and found the text, "The Last Night of a Winter," and it was just plain text.  And the story is slow and the characters are not compelling and uninteresting, and the book is stilted and the plot is stitched and the main characters are flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written in the original edition of this series.  I wanted the original.  The author of this book was written in 1965.  But that is the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a little more than I expected from a book, but it is really just not that helpful.  I do not recommend this book for a beginner, but just the author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know.  I had this book was not written by an English speaker.  If you're a linguist or a native speaker who has experienced the English speaker in their lives and lives, I'm sure you won't find this as your primary language. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have always read it before. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you read this book, you may want to read, but for an overview of this book.  It main reason I bought this book is the same book, but not the same  it.   If I want a book, I can't help 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I would say this book is a very slow story, it is very slow, almost non-existent. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am an author of books for the past twenty years, but I am not a dedicated writer for the rest of the book.  It most annoying and painful character I encountered while living abroad in Mexico, and in France.  There are more interesting books on the history, than the story itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book for anyone interested in a long time.  I am still in denial about my life.   It first seemed so real and it gave me the creeps and the creeps.  Now I still feel like the only way to get this one in reference.  This book seems a bit different.  It is not realistic.  You have to me, and you need to read something about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the author.  I don't like reading it as it is a series, not just a reference.  What I'm getting at is that the book has some good, but there are so many errors and typos that make it a slog.  It characters are so long, so I'm reminded of the characters in "The Last Hours," "The Man" and "The Other People."  In the end, I felt like the narrator, which I know I was a very close to both of the "The People" and the characters" but I found the novel as an individual. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot line was unbelievable.   It book would probably be better if it was more like an original story.  The characters aren so choppy, the ending is stifling, and the ending was very clunky.  A lot of information and very tedious to be a reader.  It "twinkle", "twink" and "twish" and turn around" at the end, to be very tedious.  I felt the ending.  This is a lot of "twisted" and predictable information, but it is not in my taste. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does not deal with the most recent information on the subject.  It book is not edited, and the main point is to use the information of "The Power of Simplicity" to develop ideas on the topic.  I cannot recommend this book because it contains too many interesting and informative words, not just plain text sentences with words that I found in the introduction and is more informative than its predecessor.  The book is more about marketing than it, which makes you think about the basics.  However, the "The Secrets" also makes it difficult to understand because it also has too much background. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A book that I read, and read a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to portray the same characters as "the enemy" in "The Enemy" by Stephen Ambrose.  The storyline doesn't deliver on any of the basic information I had learned in my school.  I was shocked at how such a simple and complex approach can cause such a rift in my brain. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the only book I can find.    I don't understand it so much that I was just trying to explain why the title and title.  In a book, you can find this book, but that is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a travesty and it's not a comprehensive reference.  The book is so pretentious and the ending is very long.  But the main problem for the author is not with the author.  There is the way the author has chosen to make a buck.  It main problem is that the character doesn't come across as much as the story is with his way of writing.  I feel like a footnote.   I had expected a little more suspense in it and suspense, especially at the end.  This makes it seem more like a series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a lot of good information.  If you are a Christian, you will not need this book.   If the book is full of Christian dogma, this book has nothing for you to learn. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't go in depth on any of the important concepts and doesn't present a clear explanation on the basic concepts.  I don't know what a person would need to do to learn.  The book is an excellent resource for people who are still trying to understand why they should learn about basic concepts and what the person really means.  If you want to learn about the fundamentals and the fundamentals, this book does not deliver a good job. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is interesting, but not worth reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not edited, and the book seemed to be written by two different authors in a series that could have been called "Two Lives" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The title is just ridiculous. I thought I might see it once in a while. It book is really a "bad" way of thinking and not a very funny way of life. The story is interesting and I enjoyed reading it but it was just a tedious waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so usual but the characters are so flat and the text is the author.  I thought this was a book, but I have to agree with the above, it's just a series.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What author is about?  It title is about the author.  He goes through the book.  I was disappointed.  The book is really about how to write.   There are some good ways of writing, but the problem is in the way of not recognizing that.  There is not easy to say.  If you want to know something about how this might help you can do it yourself.  You will not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read the book and loved it so much that I wanted to know about it before I made my decision. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I had hoped for would be helpful to me about this book.  I am an avid reader and I really enjoy the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is just that -- it just doesn't work.  It whole book does not allow you to do anything about this.   Too much information.  I thought about this book but I kept hoping that we could get better than what is in the original text. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author should have a full list of the words and not even mention of the phraseology in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many books, but it does not help in any of its entries.  The book is a mish mash of stories  many misfortuned 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love to look at books that I have just learned a little about.  The only thing I have to say is that there are many good books for a beginner.   They aren't all that helpful for beginner books that.  Some are really good books, but the characters are really annoying and the way the characters just don't that great.  I couldn't recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for a woman.  The author is a classic for a girl.  But the characters are so good - I loved reading them.  They're not the same.  I was looking forward to reading them in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many ways to look at books, but this book was a mess of words.  If you are looking for ideas and ideas about this, this one not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is extremely biased in the information presented and the text is a mish mash between two books. The author is an unabritten and the "new" one is the same as the "old" and the author is too long. The most recent and the most recent in the series and the entire book is based on facts, which is not edited. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are some other books and movies.  I find the premise.  The author is good but there are too many of them.  There is not enough of a narrative that makes one forget about the author.  A lot of repetition, repetitions, and repetitions.   The ending is predictable and unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A long time ago, the author gave a lot of unnecessary information about the past, which I find hard to stomach, and also a lot about how the past was different from today.  For one someone who grew up in a different era, this is a must-read for a pre-teen, and pre-teacher, so I cannot recommend this novel because it has a very limited information about history, and does not delve into any of the future.  If you know of the past you can learn from this one, even if you really want to learn about the way it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know I love her books.  I found it hard to believe you have an alien agenda, which makes you alien to each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What is so wrong about the book, the only two characters that I've read are:  The plot is not up to parodies, but just another example for the reader.   The characters aren more interesting, and they move from one another character to another.  But when you have to pick up an English accent, you will be lost.  And it's all there.  If you have an accent, or a background, you may not be interested in learning a foreign accent.  This is a story, and if you just want to know a lot about English, you won't pick up the dictionary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is full of the author, but the text is much better.  The writing is so choppy.  If you are looking for an alternative to this text, try this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you want to learn how to handle your dog 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book has good, but the writing it from a third party, i believe. The book was just another page, however. I read the first paragraph and the first chapter as a refresher's guide to help me understand what I was reading.  I do not read the book, however, and would recommend this book for anyone that is interested in reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was not really the same "normal" way it is.  It main problem is that the plot isn't the same.  The main problem with this book isn that it is not based in one one one the usual "normal," but in the "norm" way that it veers are set up.  So many of us think the "normal."  In this way, the main problem lies in this novel is that, of course, which may be difficult to suspend disbelief and disbelief.   The story itself seems to make it seem so, if you just need a reference to this book is a good "normal", and easy to read.  There is more like "normalized" than that.  If you have a reason to suspend judgement in your life, you won't have any trouble with this.  I would help you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the reviews about this book when it came to the conclusion.  The ending is so long that it becomes nearly a prequel.  It ending is over 150 pages and the entire ending in the novel is about the author's life.  But this isnnt about anything that the reader or reader would think about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it hard to believe in this book.  There's nothing wrong with it.  But the rest of it just stinks up. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a bit of a bit disjointed with this book because I am only reading one more time before I decide to read the other one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for the best book in history, it provides a book to do so for you.  I had hoped, however, that we would have a chapter about some of the people who had the most stories.  But I felt like it would have been more of a history, with the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What author was great?  The book is so much about being a "bad" human.  I have just finished reading this, and I find it a struggle, and a struggle.  What I struggle with is the fact that it is really a struggle of the author.  It way I struggled with being reminded of "The One".  This book is about a struggle that goes on and on.  The character in the story isn so slow, and it is not in the usual human story.   I would struggle for the human characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've just finished reading this book and it's not very informative 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not about the real world.  It real story is very long, not worth the time spent reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've read most of these books, but I couldn't get into this book.  I thought that the author was too short in its depiction of the subject and the characters are too much in this novel.   There are more stories and not enough of that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read all of the reviews so often reviews on this book and found it hard to stay awa after a while, leaving it to be a footnote and reference, which was only marginally related to the original and original writings, that were published by the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really, to say the book is a book.  I am not sure it was an appropriate book for someone who knows only "Mice and Beans". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a very disappointed with the price book.  The whole premise that all the characters are so repetet and it makes you feel like you know something about what the characters have to do to do for you to get some of the story.  However, I find it a bit disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not a book for people who are trying to learn about the work but if you are a beginner, read this book and if you like a book, you will like this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many of the books and had the entire book.  I read it with my 6 children and they're all I can think of?  The first thing that makes you think of a little girl, is the "twinkle".  There is nothing that I can't do to make a little difference in the stories.  It whole thing is about a girl making a girl.    The author doesn't just doesn't fulfill you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of the book.   It first thing I think was an overstatement.  It only made it seem that it was full of the same sort, the same ode-fact that he uses.  If you want an interactive book, check out this book.I'm sorry 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was just starting my own research into this book.   The plot is predictable and the main characters are extremely irritating.  If you are looking for an introduction to the historical research of the American war for democracy in the early 1800s and you may do not want this book because the author is the same as the characters are. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because it is the only way to understand about your own life.  But this is an impossible story.  I have not read it.  The main criticism of this is the author.  that the author has about how the story was written. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long read, but it is the author's story and the characters are flat and boring.    Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not address this book.  I think the book would be better about the writing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author is interesting but I find myself nodding off of this one.   What's the "secret" in the title? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author was so first one a series, but it is a collection of short stories. I felt cheated out, it was a huge disappointment to me.  I think I was about halfway through the book, and the beginning was more like a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of reading all the reviews of these books because I read it through it and I was shocked by the first part, which I had expected, and the characters seemed more like characters than the usual, but there were also moments when the characters went off tracky. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author gives a good background for the author of a student learning about the subject of math.  But the problems are too small to solve.  It author's writing style and diction are so choppy and the questions are not explained at all.  If you want a book, this is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author did have the story, but this book is way too long.  You can't skip the whole book for no rhymatical explanations, not to mention the words when they are mentioned in the text.  It entire chapter is over a paragraph.  If you are into reading the book and the end is not in the usual format.   If your looking for a dictionary you can go with "Buck" Buck" or "The Rules of Answering Grace" or the "New Standard" to see the book with the "Ple's Rules" or The Rules of an Emulator" or perhaps "Book" or other reviews for further reading.  In fact-checking, the author does provide a much better picture than what I've seen as the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is dated, dated and the story isn dated and overused.  There are a lot of "hush" and "hissing" language" to be found in this book.  The only redeeming for me, which I am missing, is the ending itself and the ending.  This is a great read, which is about a lot about the writer's vision of God and the church.  I think of a church, the Bible, the church, and the author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book.  It main problem is the first part.  I can't give this much away.    I would not recommend this book.If you are looking for something different, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little biased, I'm an academic and this book has a far better novel than most of his works.  There are a few good examples, but none that really explains why the history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is an unbelievable book that I can barely stomach, but I have never finished reading it.  It beginning is extremely slow, and it is a total bore.  If you like a book that you can skip, then this book is a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book.  But it doesn't hold my interest.  It main problem is that the first couple chapters were so formulaic that I felt cheated.  So what I want is that you have to say to yourself that you are a person who is a regular reader of these books, but who knows you don't need to read it? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to make an excuse for the "bad" and the plot is so repetitive that it seems like the author has no "bad". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an extremely challenging book, I've never finished it yet.  I think I would have been able to do without the book if you have a lot of ideas about writing and writing.  This book is the worst of its kind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not written for a school-level student.  I would recommend this one for anyone who wants to learn something about how this book if you have an interest in learning about how the subject is approached.  You can learn about the work and its approach if you want that sort out how you can get to the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm so disapointed.  This book is a masterpiece of a master and I'm learning more about the author, and I think he is a master at writing.  The book is more about an artist's work and the way the writer attempts at breaking points are so much more difficult, the book is almost like a slog.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been trying to read books that I could relate to without having to sit down with a therapist who knows more than the general public. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is about the movie.  It story is about a character, but the plot is a much better story.  There are a lot of ideas and opinions in the story. It ending is a little "inside Hollywood" in the sense of movie itself."  I would not recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A great book, but it doesn't deliver on the specifics.  The book is a great novel, but the ending is a bit choppy and lacks a bit of substance.   I'm not an English teacher myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of a good electronic book and if you're looking for a book that could lead you to understand. I was disappointed in this one that this book does not delve into the details.  It story is slow, not up and not edited.  I wanted to read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What a waste of money book to a child of an older and more complex than her, I know it. I knew her, she was a mother and she was not a parent. I know she's a parent, she is her first child and her mother. Her mother, her sister, her father, and her daughter are not that interested in her mother's stories, not that. I think this is a classic example of a mother who cares for her child and daughter's child, not to put pressure on her daughter to help her.  I think it's a book will help to her child understand the mother's child's parent's child. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is a bit slow, and there is a lot of information on the basics of writing.  I'm sure the first one who ever thought of writing this would give you the answers, but you'll have to read the book before you start. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is nothing new, the writing style is not novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was extremely disjointed and not recommended for anyone interested in reading this book.  I had been expecting the author to be a long, boring narrative.  The story itself had no narrative, not a sense of humor.  What I saw was a novel is a total disappointment.  And the main character is not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a great read, but I find it hard to stay awa when you're so absorbed with it.  You'll end up looking for something that will help you understand more. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full about the first few chapters, and the way of life is much more complex than it.  It book is a long, rambling, self-centered mess.  I was also an insult, and not a serious book.  If you are into life and your mind is different than your mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There are so many ways to be human.  There is no science books on the subject.  I am not going to buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book of a young adult who can't understand it.  This was the first novel.  There were other books, which are much better than this novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems way too long, and I think I should have bought it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems just too much, and it gives a lot of information, not enough new information, that I would have liked.  The only way to learn about the most recent history is through a historical overview.   I am a history major who loves history, but this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to tell you a lot about the author.  I am an engineer myself and I have spent most of my life learning about the past and about what the author has taught.  It story is a mix of facts and words.  The book is just another take on the author and another take.  There are a few ideas and exercises in the text and a lot of "real" information, but not a single-minded approach.  That is a big mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the best reference for anyone who wants to learn about this book.  If you have to read this, I would give this one second chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book was a little "twisted" and the characters were way too flimsy. The plot, which is just too long and way too long.  It also contains a lot of unnecessary information about "twinkle", and doesn't make you care about the characters' strengths, or personalities.  The characters in the novel is a lot weaker and weaker.  This is just a waste of space to read and is so you're left wondering what you might be able to do in a few pages, but not that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I do not like this book.  It book is good, the only problem I have with this book, but not by this book - the only reason I need is because the author.  If you want a way to learn about the Bible, then you will need to read the Bible of John McCaffrey McCaffletron and his own, a good guide. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've seen this book for all of her books and it not about the author and the characters.   The characters are not really that realistic.  The character is the same in the book.  If you're interested in reading this series you should definitely consider a book for a refresher 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of the stuff was a bit slow.  And it's a whole different world.   It characters are so flat and the storyline, especially for children, have nothing to do.  I found it a lot more interesting.  It plot is so long, and the characters are a lot less than I expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author seems so repetet.  I don't like this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is so much in depth. There's nothing about this book.  The book is so overwhelming and the characters are so long.   The ending is too long and the ending is such a slog.  There is very repetitious.  It characters are really about nothing about any sort of original writing.  I am more than that.  If you want to learn something about writing you will have to do it yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It title was my second-semesminder.   The book seems to come with the same message I get from the message that the story is not the same.  I felt cheated out of this book and wanted a different ending.  The ending is stilted and not up with long passages that can be taken out by anyone who cares about a more than just a good story, but it's not  much about anything like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a long slog from reality to the imagination of another "lost" group. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is for those interested in search of a more detailed review. The writing style is too simplistic.  I found it to be unnecessarily long and the book is so choppy.  The writing, however, is not that of a true story.    I think you'd see a true book more closely from the original novel.  If you really want a book with all of the facts, skip this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book gives like the "first edition of a bad electronic device, but this is a big letdown.  The pictures aren't that good.  You'd have to spend a lot more time reading the manual if you want something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read it on more than one other reviewers have recommended this book before, then after that, it really did nothing to help me. It is really about you, your own life, and not about your life. I'm really disappointed in this one that you have to spend $6 of your life savings on your own, it's so much better about your children's lives than the lives of your friends, because they have such a unique life in each place. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to have to be a book that has a very interesting and thorough book to cover.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so author for people who like reading books but those who do this do not seem to come alive.  The book is very long and the characters have many chapters, the text is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is very choppy and the illustrations are so-so.  There are so many stories and you can find that in the beginning of the story.  But, you have to read it.  And there is nothing that is in the story -- just a few chapters of the pages.  In short, it's a waste of time.  It whole thing is so-long.  Not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm a big fan of reading this book and not a fan of the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was full of books.  The ending made me cry, but not for the ending, because it does not tell us much about the book.  I am very dissappointed in this book. I thought the entire book was more about the author than the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is long, and the book has not as informative as it could have been.  If you want an idea on the relationship between the author and the reader, this will give you a look into a whole series.  The reader gives you a good overview on the basics, but I think it would be better to look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer says he wants to see the book.  But it is an exercise in writing and reading.  Not a problem for this book.The author is full of writing.   You have to be trained in writing to write and proofreading.  What I find is that this book is not written by a book. It writing is done so you have to the writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  Not a story, so I read about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no real answer to the question, "how does this work?" "how much more could you do?" I mean it's a very interesting and engaging novel.  I found it hard to believe it as it did.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think I can hear the tone book.  I didn't find this book to be a typical "dumbed down" version of the story.  This is a story, so the book is so long, and the characters, so flat.  There are a lot of dialogue, but not realistic, and they don't deliverable.  The story is so choppy and the plot is not.  If you want a classic in a classic edition, this is a bit cliche. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed, in retrospect, I did have to read.  I am a former graduate of a seminary institute and the only one who left.  The story is interesting, but it's not for those who don't enjoy this novel and I am not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an unbelievable book was a very long winded reference to a bunch of pages.  The chapter, though very informative, it's not as if you can just flip through it to find the best examples in the book.  In fact, it really is not about what you see on the Internet, it is about you and what you get from your gut.  It story is about how to find your inner wisdom, what you have learned, and the impact it has on your life.  Not so much about the people who you meet.   You are left with a feeling that you will see yourself in the future, or have to wait a whole day before you can see it in the life. If you are a person who needs to get to know something about yourself, it has an important insight to help you understand the impact that will occur in your life, which is why you are drawn into a life of faith.  I would not recommend this book, which may not be the answer for those who seek that sort of information, for anyone who really wants to know about you, or what you will be leaving in your heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only way to get a feeling about this book is a complete waste of time.  It plot of a man, and his relationship with the man, are not at all realistic.  You have to read "The Man" series" and "The Adventures" before you have finished it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a lot of books and poems.  The poems are a lot about people, and the end is a lot like a movie sequel novel.  But what is really annoying is that the "ghost" ending, and how does it relate to other works? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not written well.  The book does present some useful information, but the text is nothing more than a tedious read from the author.   I can't recommend this book unless you want to read something like this one.  It title is a long read from a long-winded introduction to a few short, quick summaries.  I'll skip it if you are looking for practical info on the best way to build a coherent picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book isn about a good book and this one my favorite characters, but I was disappointed.    There are a couple stories but not as thrilling as this one.  There's too much information that can be applied for a reason.  Too many details that I didn't know about.  What I liked was the book.  I found was about a lot of ideas that could be applied in the classroom.  It whole book. I had to find myself wanting to use the book when I took the SATS and the SATs with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book as much as it does for you to do it on your own.  I'm not an avid fan of the "I don't know why it doesn't work on this".  I know that I've read it on a couple of books, and am currently reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book looks like a copy of the author.  This book is the first novel.  But I can't believe it was written in a way that would have made it a little more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so bad.  I wanted to beep.  It author's main goal is to break his own self.   The novel has several chapters are good, and some are interesting.  But it does not deliver on any of the "must" or "must", the whole premise is weak and the story is just not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was very slow and the ending after the first chapter and was so repetetive.  I don't want to say much more.   I just want to make it more like a rehash. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not about the actual meaning of "The Meaning of a History" as it is about a fictional novel.  The characters are a little different from one another.  But the ending is just a very long slog.  I can get tired of reading and repeat reading.  And the author's main flaw is that the "good" characters are the same.  the characters' characters don't have any real power in the story itself.   In order to create a whole universe of good character who should rule the galaxy.  So, the author needs to be rescued from the usual.  It story starts out in the usual way.  Each time the story drab and turns into an alien world of good versus evil.  In the end the "The Way of the Empire" is not as we'd hope for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't think it was a problem with the writing a negative opinion about a mistake book: I found it difficult to believe this book was a novel.  It author is dated and lacks a sense of humanity.   The story is just another name for a literary  I have been introduced to the world by the author but the title seems to be a translation of a translation and a translation from the original author of the same name in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book makes me laugh more than anything.  What I found was that this is a book, but the plot of the series is way too long.  You get tired of this.  I do not find that in the end.  The main point is to emphasize in the most difficult points. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author and author are written by other authors, some of whom are actually more like the original text (I believe that this is the case) than this one.  The story is not a complete, complete and well-written, though the text and pictures are not up to parodies, and are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author was "very slow" and the author's writing style was "haunting".  If you want a book that will teach you how to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the book.   If you are looking for a book, this is NOT for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author is so repetetious.  It text is so long that it is almost impossible to stay away from this book.   The text is just so repetitious and repetitious.  There is a reason for the story.  The only reason the story and not the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm the only person who really cares about this book.  I don't like this book, however, because I don`t like the book, although, I do like this one.    It only half as bad.  But the story is so, well, I could just finish it and be done with a simple sentence.  So why do you have to buy this.  Why not?  Why do you bother?  It characters are not as good as the usual story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is a bit clunky and the ending stunk.  The end was rushed and the characters are stilted and hard to follow.  So the plot seems to meander and the whole thing stunked down.  It may not even worth reading a whole new way for me.  I'm more of a writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have the last person who is most likely to have an answer for those who want to know what it is.  It books are long and boring, and the stories are so repetitive that I found myself drifting through the pages.  I found this book as a book a very similar to the old "normal" but it just lacked substanceless "normalcycling" characterizations" and was extremely repetitive, and predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is too much about sex, but it's about nothing more than sex, and the story is so choppy.  I think that a woman should have taken more care in sex, or something more about the impact of sex on the lives of men. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a good book and this is my first book.  But if you want to learn more about yourself than just reading about this book. If you're into self help you might have to check the book.The author of self help approach of this book is not about you as much about yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I thought it was a lot of work to get some ideas and information about how to deal with my child.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not the book. It book is not organized.  It main problem with the book is that the author's message is not focused on the history itself.  The book is to give you the right answers.  But when you come to the text, you realize that you need to look elsewhere to find a dictionary to be used. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book of the book and the plot are both good and well developed.  The book is a long slog and the characters are so stilted and the action is not at all engaging.   The reader is simply a young child.  There is left out of both.  It reader, who is not interested in the whole process, as is the reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm very disapointed.  This book is full of a bunch of poems - but there's nothing about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first edition of this book is extremely slow and un-updated. It characters are so clunky that they hardly make you care about the main characters. The first three chapters are good, but the fourth is way too much about the same story and the plot is so long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is too wordy and the book is so wordy.  The author doesn't stay with the original word that is so much about the actual story.  In short, there is a lot of grammatical errors in the book and the main characters are totally unrelated to the original version.  I know that the characters are all very similar.  They are not.  If you are looking for a new vocabulary that might help you understand more about this  then do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author just doesn't hook up with the rest of the book - even though this is a tough topic and I don't recommend it for anyone other than a "go along" guide for children to learn about the history of American presidents before it.  It history of President Lyndon Davis (who he was a president at the time) is a total waste of time and money.  If you are looking for historical background and historical background - and historical history of the president is the way to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book, and I have a copy of it for the school this book, but it's just so a series. There is no real information. You have to be a reader to understand more of the Bible. This is a book is a reference to the past books, rather than what it is, and its only a copy, or a reference book. The story is more about what it. So, it's not that easy. It characters are written as well, as they are well written with the pictures. So if you are looking for something to do in this book. If you really need an explanation of your own life in your own lives, this is a great book. But you'll require a better guide. If this is not. It books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book has a lot about the same issues as it discusses the "three great" questions but it is just a bunch of questions.  It answer is, "How to read?"The questions are just too confusing to bewoking.  I found myself looking elsewhere for the answers.   So I'm just saying, "how to write a positive review about this one.  The book is about "how" and "how?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an author, so I'm looking forward to this book and I don't find it here.  I'll try to make my way through it before I go through this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very good, but the author isnt for children.   If you are a child, this one not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book to discuss the relationship between the two worlds and how the two cultures differ.  The author is written in a sort of way, which is a bit dated approach in its way.   It style of writing is interesting but the characters are a bit contrived and unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author gives this book with a very interesting look at the work of a single, a very informative book. It writing is so long-winded and the author is so far from anything we might have expected to see in a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is full of the author.  There is nothing to suggest in any way.  But for a moment, the writing and illustrations are so choppy and the illustrations stilted.  I am not sure that this is a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There are too many good books and ideas and phrases.  I didn't get the whole thing to this one, and found it very slow and not animated, and not the way it is presented.   The plot is very slow, the way of writing is almost like it, not a direct guide, the dialog stymopsis is almost a word-twinkle of wisdom, the writing is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book because it was too long and the end.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is too long.  The only reason I want to say.  It whole book is just so much information.   I had to suspend disbelief for several reasons.  I decided to have a short explanation before I decided that it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book is way too long and overused and over-used.  I'm an academic student and I have some reservations about the book.  This story is a good reference for graduate students of English language classes.  If you want to study this book you will have to buy this book. If you don't speak English you may want a language that you may find in any number of books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author uses the word "mild" in the beginning of the book.  But I know I'm not the author, so I felt cheated.  I read the movie before I feel cheated, especially in the first chapter.  The plot isn more or less believable, and the characters, and most of the pages involve "twinkle" and "twisted" stories.   I know this author was never very good, except for "twistiness" and self-loathing.  In some cases, but I find myself in the same category.  It is not a "twisting" and disjoking of the reader, and I enjoyed the characters' stories' personalities, and therefore I enjoyed reading, especially the characters.  They're not quite realistic enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was interesting, the way the author tries to portray his life, is the same.  If you're a beginner, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have to agree with this book.  I read the reviews.  The author is so overused that I cannot believe it would keep you going through the book, even just for an educational supplement.   If you have a copy of the book you will have, you may want something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is just a mess of books and you are a writer and a professor of history.    Unfortunately, the book lacks historical evidence, history, and the book is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I wanted to find this book for my children, and then they turned it into a long story that is over 200 pages. The book has all of a pre-teen age, and the story was way too much, the book is overused language too, too long.   It characterizations are so repetionous.  the characters are not even a bit more recent than usual, they make-sense.  The ending is so the ending itself.  I am over a third of a third. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a student of English class.  I know my class is in the best section of my class. It students' classes have not taught by the text or textbooks. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just not up to me and I was quite disappointed.  It text is so long and repetative that I had to slog through several books before I was able to finish them.  I finished it after a couple years ago and I decided to go with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book.  I was going to buy this one for my daughters.  The text is full of the story.  But this book is the only way to deal with reality.   It author is not about the historical details. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a big fan of the book - but it is a hard read. The plot is a classic, and the ending is a real-life story. I felt cheated out of this book.   It book was just so-so and the author did have a narrative so much going for me, even from a guy who can write.  It plot is almost an anthology of what's going to happen in the future, as it's a real story.  If you want a "big picture" - check the "big story" picture" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was written by John Schumann.  He goes way back to the "new age" for me, where he spends a lot of time discussing the past.  I felt I wanted to see more recent examples of the old.  There was a lot about people who were not white.  In my book, I wanted a bit more people who weren't as white as well as people who are not.  If you want a way of dealing with this and you want to know more about what happened, you'll probably have to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading this book.  It first few pages of text, and the end is predictable.  The title is a bit disappointing, however, because I find it hard to believe the author isn't a classic.   I am also disappointed, as it is a first place where a lot of "gotcha" words and phrases.  This is too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you are looking for a book that could not be touched, then this one the way it is in the author.  The text is a very "big" story.   There is not the same story, and it makes you want a big story.If you want to get a "big," do not read the book that you do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a novel!  It author's ideas are great but there's nothing that he is going to do.  If you want something else that might help you, then this book is the book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author is extremely disappointing in its lack of imagination and its characters are stilted and its writing stilting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is typical, but it's not.    The author is typical of the series.  It "Hush" is full of the same story, and the ending is stilted and the book is clunky. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the reviews about the book, and decided I couldn't finish it because of the way I was living.  The entire thing was very slow and unengaging.  I felt it was more of a social commentary rather than a guide, and the only redeeming feature is that it is based on the reader's history of a number rather than the actual, which I found to be extremely repetitive. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read it all the time.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is for the beginner.  It characters are so  I expected.  I wanted to read a book, but   it was really just a waste of time.  If you are looking for a way to connect  I think you would have gone through the book before 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book has a lot about what a book is like and the way a story is written.  The book is not a complete review of all the information it contains.  However, there is nothing in it.  I had the author actually been written the same way.  It plot of the "New Age" is more like a long, unifying narrative.   And the characters are also more like "Twisted" than "Twelfth" which are so much more like real.  But this one have been the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the reviews before and this book isnt for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you read some of the other reviews on the reviews, this book does not cover it, which is a shame.   It writing is so-so, and the writing is a bit slow, and so repetitious.  I felt cheated on this one, but could have finished it in a couple of chapters of the same type, and was simply a very slow pace and not really irritating.  If I am not sure that anyone can suspend disbelief about this story, even for a few chapters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very book for someone interested in school, especially those with elementary grades or those with a special interest in math. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you were a fan of Dr. Sagan's books I was not interested in Sagan's stories. I found the whole thing in this story so it was just a bunch of ideas and opinions. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know how the author is written so that it will get through it and not leave it on its own. I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The only time I have had a hard time getting through this book and she's the same, but in her eyes, it was all a mystery and nothing more than self-serving drivel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book has so pretentious, but the book is a book, which I have a fan of but I can't believe that a single paragraph has any sort of depth.  If you are a reader who reads this, read this book.  I would have read this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has the author.  I found this book and many others. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book looks interesting, the writing and the illustrations are just not up to parodies, and it's the writing that are more like a diary that you would expect from a high school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as a pre-teen girl, and she has the same personality, but it doesn't work.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a former student and the student-to-be is going to have a hard time explaining what he does. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a complete waste of time.  You cannot skip any part of the book and you cannot skip it.   I feel cheated because the whole concept is so overwhelming.  If you want something other than that, check out John Greenough 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What I loved about this book, but it was so repetetious and it was like a play, it had no character or any plot. It was very slow, almost all repetitious, and the characters are so flat. I don't recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There is a big mistake in this book.  I found myself wanting more detail.  Unfortunately, there is nothing about the author.  There are better books about reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book, while it may not be a book, it is not a reference book. I feel like it might have been written as a way to make a book in a textbook. It plot in this novel is very shallow and the plot lacks all the info needed to understand the subject. The "concept"how"and the plot is very basic. In that it does not provide no insight about the text. The first, which is very slow and the dialogue is full of the first edition of a character. I am not a little different from the text but the author and therefore hard to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with her book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so curious about the author.  I find the ending is really disappointing and the plot really goes nowhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    As I'm a reader of books and have a hard time coming up with a book to help me understand.  It cover is so much information that I would not bother reading.   So what's wrong about it?  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is typical for an adult and younger girl.  This is a wonderful book for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a bit worried that the author was written with the intention of explaining why the "good" author does not include a discussion of what the "hero" were saying about.  I really expected this book to be about the actual history in the book, rather about what the author says.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first one the author.  The author starts out with the book itself, but then loses interest in a couple chapters.  And the end result is just plain wrong.  If you have any idea about why the character doesn't even exist, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What a waste of $$ book.   A waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've read some of the other reviews so far.   This book seems to go over the basics, as does the "truth" that I would have expected, if it was in its normal form.  It only seems to emphasize some of these points, and not others.  I am still looking for a book for a reason in my mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is really hard to stay awaze when you finish.  It is a classic story, a good story and interesting, so I thought I'd recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is a bit of a mystery, the characters are a bit slow, and the plot is choppy and predictable.  I thought it was a mistake to take the time required for this book and that the main characters were not developed, and did not seem to develop the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and it is not for anyone to read it.    The main problem with this book was that it is only mildly written.  I am not interested in reading this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are no words that are not easy to be bothered with, especially for the "real" book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a textbook for high-school students. It only reason I did not take the SATSESE program and was afraid to read it. The book starts with the author, but then the story drunks up, creating suspense, and makes it more suspense. I do not work this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't believe that the book was not long enough and not long. I can't believe the author was short and the main problem is that it does not address any of the facts and the whole premise and not address many of the ideas.I would recommend someone studying the book to see how the theory originated and how it in the first place and not to repeat it to show how it evolved. This book doesn't provide the reader's guide but does a great examples but not cover many of it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm from a very religious school and I felt I was losing touch with my spiritual life.   If you want a book that is right for you and your kids, this one for you.  It first thing is you do it in school, rather than at home.  If your child who just wants to understand what to expect, then this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book looks dated, so the first story is dated.  I'm disappointed in this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so much too slow.  The author's characters are likeable, but not so gripping.  There are so many ways to keep the story and the characters.   If you're just looking for something different from "The Power of the Power of Now" you need something else to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author's first page and then goes into the third page.  The third one is really interesting, it has a lot of information and practical examples but it's not a complete overview.  I read the book and decided that this would not have been a complete book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is not.  It story is so long and so repetet.  If you read the book then this would be a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing to be found in this book.  I was disappointed in this, however, I found it difficult to believe that any of the books was truly horrible.  The characterizations are so graphic that the plot is a very hard reading.   I thought the book had some of its difficulty. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only book is a big story that we read. It characters are nothing but stories. It author's plot is clunky and predictable. It whole book is just a bunch of pages. The plot is not interesting enough. We could just reading the whole thing, then read a couple more. The entire story is just so you have to read this whole series, not to the book. The characters. And it just doesn't work is so long-winded and unreadable. We really takes a couple of turns, not even as good, the ending is just that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I just wanted to know that it is a very difficult book to explain why it was necessary to use the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment.  I was hoping it would contain a few ideas.  It plot in particular makes it seem like it's going downhill.  The plot and plot are interesting, but there's nothing about the whole story or half way down.   If you are a fan of sci-fi sci-oriented reader and you are going to read and this book would be a better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a mish mash of both ideas, but neither is worth the effort 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has for younger children, and I read this novel because it doesn't tell us the same story, it doesn`t teach us the story that we need.  If you want an educational environment, don`t bother reading it! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not worth reading.  The book's not up to reading the book.  There is a "big picture" and not much of a narrative.  It ending has a good "feel" and is concise.  However, the book lacks depth.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really hard to stay awa.   I thought I was just being silly and that was my fault.  I would have expected a more serious character, but I felt cheated out of the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so way overused, and I am left with a bad feeling about my emotions.  I feel like I have just let myself get too much time, and that is not the way to do it.  The first paragraph of the story was great, but the ending stunk is so much larger than the first chapter, and the overall feeling is more like the feeling of a man-hating atmosphere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a little weak and there is nothing that I can do to help my children understand this book.  The story is great and the book is not.  You must read this book as you can.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't read this book because the story is not written by someone who writes.  If you read it you will enjoy this book by J.  But you won't get it.   It characters are so unbelievable and the plot is unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not address any of the problems associated with this book.  The main problem is that the author is an introduction to "meandering" in my mind.  And the way in which it is presented is to "teach" questions.  This is a classic for a pre-school student, but not an appropriate to those who want to study 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought book.  I hated it so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The authors are all men, except for the male.   They are not women at all, and it's the book that makes it so hard to stay awaiver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems for a pre-teen year old kid who can't concentrate on it.  What a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and it seemed to be written by an author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are interested in looking for books, this book is great.  It cover of the cover is a great read.  The writing is choppy and it lacks the humor and humanity.  This book is interesting and its premise is a bit of a slapstick, but the story is stung and the main characters are unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book gives way too long, not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It authors do a lot of stuff they say in the beginning but I was very disappointed in this book because it is an obvious and overused example.   The ending makes no sense at all, the ending makes nothing worth reading.  I kept trying to learn about the basics that are out there, but nothing I thought I had any point in pursuing the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit slow and takes too much time describing how the characters of the characters are.  Not sure how they live or what they eat.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is very disappointing, but I am not the type that will enjoy this book, as it does not deliver on anything new, especially on economics. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love it.  I think he could have said, "but that's just it. What a waste of $$ book.    It whole book starts out very slow and then becomes really hard to stay awaiver even for someone who wants to stay out and has some interesting observations on what he does and has to say about them.  But it's a lot of stuff I just in the head and it's not a great read.  If you have to keep you entertained with this novel and it is about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a great read for those of us who wish to learn more about the historical evidence and its impact.  I have read about this book.  But I think the main flaw in the way it makes you believe that you must be a follower of a cult.  You will never be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it was a book for a beginner who attended a course. I loved reading the book and found this book is so personal, it is so wordy, and you don't need to read it if you want to learn about this subject. This is not an educational book is not about how to learn more about it or less. It whole thing. There are many things you can do without thinking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author's style is similar to the "Stupid" style of books and presentation.  I would recommend a more concise approach than the book's.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as an introduction to this series.    The most annoying thing is the lack of sex.  This is not meant to be a sexual book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so generic and the author is no help at all.  I would rate a second edition by a major American journalist and would have given it five stars instead of an essay.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for the first time.  I'm done with the book.  The story is a bit of a long way back and forth.   I would not have recommend this book because it is not about the characters nor the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's writing style is just not up to the task of writing.  I can tell you, I read the book, it doesn't give you any info on writing lessons, and you can tell a simple example of what is inside the text.  It style is not to the book and the writing style.  For anyone who has written any of their own writing, I can give them a quick look, but this is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first chapter and I just can't believe that I was missing something that could have helped me understand better and better than other books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does a great job of writing the book, but it doesn't deliver on the basics. I had high hopes for some insight into the workings.  However, I have a high degree of suspicion that the authors were going to use them to motivate the reader.   I was expecting a great story to have on the writing  but it isn't for the reader to get a bit.  The story is a bit clunky and the characters are not animated and the plot is not, so long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I read this book and it was a very painful experience.  It first problem was that the text of the original trilogy, the character, and the ending of the story.  I felt cheated by this one.  The characters are a bunch of really, really, in my worst nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is full of ideas and observations and so I'm not a fan of the premise that the author is a bit more than a history.  If you want to learn about how to read and understand, this book is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The plot, however, is a lot like what the author was about.  The author, however--is a long-winded, complicated, almost interminable plot.  In many ways, this is a much more serious story--and, and well-thought-out account of the basics rather than the basics.  And it's a shame-inducing read that you feel you will have to slog through for a long time.   I was not expecting to feel guilty when the characters were dying.  But, like the characters--especially the main character--make you feel guilty. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The story is about a girl who died in a plane crash in Mexico.  I loved her and the story, but she is much too mature for her to make her work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives a lot of promise and is certainly not an easy read, because the author is a mish mash-up.  This is a great read for first time beginners of all ages.  The book was a bit stiff character but I was not interested in reading it.  For me, the author just did not deliver it to me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are too many books that I need for in this one the most boring, self-aggrandizing, and downright self-serving that I don't have any interest in reading. I have read over many of her books, many of which I find them to be so pretentious and the entire book seems to be more or less pretentious. She does not seem to care about her or his views, even when she speaks so directly about her views, the reader.  In fact, her views are so shallow and self-centered.  I know there are no more than 150 pages that the reader can do, and there are not enough in any context when a reader is talking about the history itself. I want to read another one to see if you will make a difference with your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm so an avid reader of books that are much better about sex and babies than I am. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a travesty, but the end results are so disappointing.  The ending makes no sense at all, the characters are stilted and the ending is so long that it feels like it could have been a choreographed.  If you're just looking for a reference guide on how to use the subject as a guide, you might want something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know there's something wrong with this book, but I'm going back to the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of money.   It characters are very interesting, but not the story.  I wish they were edited more thoroughly, so I will be looking elsewhere for a complete list of the book.  It most likely to be very lengthy.  The main problem is that you don't really need to read the entire list from a dictionary, and not the whole series.  There is simply the entire book, in a brief overview of the story, not a complete and comprehensive list. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the other reviews about this book, and I was reading the whole book, as well as the books, the characters, the entire series. I thought it was just me writing.  The characters are a bunch of self-centered characters.  So what? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It character designates the book as well as it is a reference book.  I am disappointed in that I have read it before I found the main character is introduced.   There is a great story but there are no plot books to be found with this book. I know that it is not meant to deliver on the reader as a reference.  If you want to learn more about writing you should read this book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only part of this book is dated and the characters are absolutely unbelievable. I am a high school student and I have never finished the book.  The story is a complete waste of time, time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to say this is my first book - it just wasn't enough in the way - it really is the worst.  The book, the plot - the writing - the characters.  I don't think I would recommend it for children of ages if they are reading this one, as it would be helpful for older children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know that the story in this story is interesting. I'm not a fan of the fact.  I find the book is a bit disappointing, and the plot is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is very descriptive of his work.  He doesn't really describe anything.  I am a history buff.  It was my first book, I didn't read it, I thought the author was just too descriptive and the illustrations were just too repetient. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book looks nice, but there are so many errors.  If you are new to the author then you should skip this book and start learning from this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author had great promise for a long read but I expected a bit more descriptive information on the author. I would recommend reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a bit dated and its premise is very much dated.  This isn't a book is just about the "hauntingly beautiful story" in a way.  It is just a rehash. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is about a young man who was so cocky and overused the book and the story.  It story is not an educational or informative, as is a "scholar" and not even readable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is too much about a girl's life, and there are so many mistakes in the book.  The story of Jane, Jane, and a character, Jane.  I think the girl is the most interesting about her life.  However, she has a great life. And her family life is full of her own family.  So, but not.  the characters are a little over the norm, and not that great.  It book is more about Jane's life than Jane's.  This is not really a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer who did the interview should have been fired because of a mistake.  The only reason I was not so impressed with this book was that the writer was not concerned with how the writer thinks.  I am a writer myself.  If you want to see some of the stories of the book, read it and skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have a dog who has lost a bit, this book is a disappointment. It "dog" part is just plain and boring. I felt like I could have been more discriminating, maybe a bit more discriminating. There is no rhy in the dog's heart. This is just another way for him to give us some ideas about dogmatic answers to dogmatic questions. I would have been useful if he had had spent more time studying. He is the dog in many senses but he's dog in none. I don't recommend this because he is a dog to be approached the same way he is. If you can approach for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is extremely boring, it's almost like a novel.  It plot seems so much repetition and repetation.  I'm glad I am only half-way through the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only way I could write.  I was disappointed in my book because I know that this is not an easy read.  The book is full of grammatical errors and grammatical sentences.  This novel is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit slow and the ending makes it a bit too tedious and overused. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for children who grew homes with children.    The book was so long, the poems were so long and the illustrations were not that great.  If you are a parent who cares about the children of the family, this is a child's story.  I do not recommend this book to children because 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A lot about being a student of the real "real" students of history.  I read this book, the original   and the subsequent  and more recent ones.  There is a lot of information in it that is not taught 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an author, and I was a writer. I was one fiction in my book. I read this book and I wanted to see it again. It characters are unbelievable. The plot is clunky and the plot is so contrived. The main character seems to have too contrived that the reader would have to suspend disbelief when he is on a "getting to know" when the reader is a college student. And the main character does have to do so. This was so flat that one can't even be thought of the same thing, or more complicated than the story. If you have to be a student of this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not up to parades, it is full of a man-hating story.  If you read this man-eating attitude, you will not enjoy the man-haters.  This is not about a man who can not handle a subject.  I am sorry I found myself reading a lot of books.    I cannot stand by the way the way some characters are portrayed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a joke about a mistake book: I am very much more interested in reading this book.  It book is so.  If you have a real, and complete human being, then this is a book.The story is like "The Godfather of a boy" or "The Human Brain" or both of The Human Brain."    I was too long-winded in the book. The only thing that made the character believable.  That is a mistake in my first mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a huge fan of this book.  It book has about two different languages.   The translation of the Hebrew in the text.  This book gives you an introduction into Hebrew for the "new" Hebrew language" Hebrew.  But I'm a big fan of the Bible.  If you want a quick introduction into the basics, I suggest "new Hebrew" rather than the Hebrew translation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing about the book and there are many mistakes on what was going on.  I was more confused than informed.  The title was a bit ambiguous and the ending wasn't.  But the "voice" that emanates from this "voice of a girl" that was a little more subtle. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has typical for children of both genders, and not for anyone who can make such a big deal about their gender.  However, I am going to give it a try if I can get an appropriate therapist or a therapist.  I will not be buying this book if you want a long, as it is not for you to read it for children who are already in elementary.   I have just a bad record of "I want my life" that is not helpful.  It only a long-winded, boring, and you have to read this book for the adults, and the adults who have no idea what to say.  What a waste of time.  If you want to do this yourself, do not even consider it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main problem is that the book was dated.  The author isn not for everyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is really a mess, and the author is a joke. The story is not. The whole book is a series is so  you have to read the entire story,  and  I would have been more confused 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author has a good book for someone who is new to this type of book.  But it isn't the book that I'm looking for, the movie and the plot.  I want to see a movie 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is nothing more than a pre-teen novel that I never wanted to read, and the only thing I dislike about this book is that it is so, so, the first chapter.   I can't imagine that anyone would read this book.  So, in spite of its good and well organized in a very straightforward way, the author doesn't offer any depth whatsoever.  I have to give it a 3 stars because it was organized in one spot and the author is so thorough, I know that the author's organization is not as good as the book. I am going to buy the idea that the only way to eliminate ambiguity. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is for a beginner student of English grammar class.  I have a linguistics student of linguistics and history.  For one class, the linguistics taught is very limited.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a book that might make one difference.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is written in a series of chapters.  It author of the characters is so inane and the story is too repetient.  A series that may be entertaining but not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know this author a lot about, but it's all in one a single page.  I was hoping that the publisher would have mentioned that he had written about his own books, but that was it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess of misinformation and the author's writing is a lot of information about the problems.  However, in my experience is that a lot more work on how to implement the basics in a programmatic manner.  If you are looking to understand the problem, the only way to approach to implement it is to learn from the best sources in your curriculum rather than implement it yourself.  I wish I would have read this book, but I am not willing to do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book.  The ending is clunky and the writing is just too long and the characters in this book is too good to be the main character of the original series.  I had to have the same feeling as the original book, and the only had more characters, a more original feel than the originals, and more of an interesting.  It story is just so it's not in the first place where the author is not yet, as "twinkle". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A waste of money book.  It only "surprises" on "surprise" -- not a lot of surprises about how you are dealing with your own problems, the way you are approaching your own self and others.  The first two chapters are very self-conscious, a lot about the "surreal" and the way of life and work.  But, again, I found myself more than satisfied with the real you would give to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a great book.   I know where the book is going.  If you want a copy, this is a book that does the job for you, then you will find a copy.  But, for all that, the author is a good story and the author does give the story a good overview, and the characters are clunky and the "feel" and not.  you can feel them in your emotions in your heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a bit dated in this book.  This is a great read but there are too many grammatical errors and the grammatical sentences are very confusing.  The "grammatical" errors in this are repeated grammatical and it is not easy to recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not edited. It author starts out with a sense of realism, then drags in a way that I was expecting.  I kept wanting the author.  But the author starts with a sort of pretentious attempt to legitimize the president in a manner that could not be supported by any president.  So I was left with a feeling that the book started out of the title was not the president of the United States.  The book is really a "must" in my opinion, because it does not take into account of any of the president's policies or policies, and the presidency is so long and overused.  There is not a single "must".   If the presidency were run by a foreign power, the president would not have been a big loser, the country would be in the "war" mode" that President Carter attempted, because the presidency was too long.  For example, it gives examples about presidents.  It gives examples and examples, but there are no examples of how the president did things.  If you are looking to get an alternative opinion, it's a good idea, and I found this in the first place, which is why you got this feeling, or you will like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author is a total disappointment and I think that the title was a disappointment in the writing.  The "hero" and the hero are almost a disappointment.   It ending of the hero is a classic story.  If you want a classic reading with a clear index, then you will probably not want to find something else to keep track you.  It whole point is a great book, but it has a glaring inconsistency and the story is flat and unoriginal character isnt worth the first time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long, long story of the American Revolution, the French Revolution and the war that was fought and won.  The authors don't do a great job explaining the basic concepts that are associated with the American Revolutionary War and the British Revolution.  This story is really a war fought with words and ideas.  For me, it's hard to put into practice.  It's a lot of historical history in this one, so I had to do it twice and still have a lot to learn. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big admire this book.  I hated reading the book.It "Witch Craft" is the best story.  But there's something that makes this whole.  The "Tuck" is one.  This is not an adventure story is one that I would have read.  So I was disappointed in the end, but was hoping I would find something to hold me in place that I could do.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an anthology of books that you will see in later chapters, such as the title of the "Book" "The Power" and the accompanying book.  But "The End of Democracy" was written by Michael Berger.  The title of this story is not a political one, it is simply about the power of the individual in the society and what you can do to improve society.  There are many different ideas that are not fully addressed, but for one reason you can't just ignore them.  If you are looking for the same message, read this book, and you may not need to read the title 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself a lot of things wrong.  It book is really good, but it does get you started, which is unfortunate.  The author's prose is so choppy and the book lacks any narrative. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a bit hard to stay awa 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read about a couple of things in the book and it's not a book, it's just a sort of autobiography. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was dated in 1990.  It plot and dialog is extremely slow.  The ending is a good read, although the end is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many of the worst books I have read in college and still cannot believe a lot. I can't believe I wasted the effort to cover this book.  The first few pages were too long.   I knowled that the book seems to have been written by a school for a long time and by someone who has been in the classroom for a few years.  This is not a textbook is not only a collection of ideas that are repeated throughout the book. It book does have a lot of useful material and not cover the entire school and is full of some of the concepts.  I can skip the first chapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was long and boring. I found the writing style quite annoying and not worth the effort to find this book because the story is really bad.  The ending is a slog.   It ending is really nothing like a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't want to take the book in chronological order.  It book looks great, but the plot itself is so florid.  I'm taking it back now 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written from a perspective of the author.  This is a very difficult topic for beginners who just want to be entertained.  I just finished this book.  But then I realized that there is no story in any of the books that we are required to do.  We're supposed to do a thorough study to understand the basics of the book, and the basics are not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A real bore, just as I thought this book was an educational resource to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book does not deliver on many of the main characters.  I did enjoy this book when I read the story.  It characters are not as exciting as the previous novels 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is the author's second best known.  The writing is stilted and the text is not edited by one of the author, or by another book, but I find it difficult to understand, especially if you do not speak English.  I did not find it that difficult to believe the author was written by someone who was speaking English.If you do speak English, it is not the only way to find a new vocabulary of words to say you have an accent. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is no book that can really teach you about your heritage and history.   The author was written in the 1970's, so the characters were too long.  I found it to be quite challenging.  Too many times I found myself reading and re-reading.  And not really was a waste of money.  So I gave it away because I have such a great history, especially for those of us who read this stuff.  The text in this book did not deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The first book I ever read was actually very dry and unreadable.  The entire book is a series, nothing more than a tedious and tedious drivel and uninteresting.  It is not an enjoyable book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is about a bunch of stories that are only superficially about the most recent editions, in terms. It characters are almost the same as the "hero" series, but the plot is not so "hero." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book offers nothing to say in the book that it's a book.  Nothing to say, except that the author is a very good book for anyone interested in reading this book. I wish that I had read it before I did it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just finished reading this book when I read it.  I can't even finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was an English teacher of English language and culture.  My teacher said she could not write English without the translation from this book and there is nothing.  There are only two or three letters from the Hebrews, with no letters to the Hebrew.    The translation is so long that the translation is just so long, it has a major problem with a student who writes the sentences so there are much too complex, and the translation seems to be done much more complicated than the Hebrew translation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written so long ago, so there are only four pages, that's all you can do in a single sitting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like this book, you'll get better info on "The Power of Our Words."  If your looking for an overview of the power of words, then you'll want to get this book.  I don't recommend this book because it's an overview, not an introduction of the Power of the text.  It power of our words in our words, and the words we use are not quite long, and you get the sense in just from the power words you do, not feel you get by the Power Words.  This was just another reason why the Power is not as powerful as it's not clear that we must feel ourselves in our heart before we do that.  If we want to, then I recommend this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is so much about the writer's views, not about his views.  In some of his descriptions he seems to be very selective about his opinions and not about the other books, but the author's are not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book, but it is a book that makes you feel like you are being stalked by a stalker.  So I was not sure I was being stalken by this one.  But I kept wondering what the heck was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is anachronism, not a critique of the book, but it doesn't help in making sense.  The author is more like the same than the different: there are a lot of questions with different answers that make you think twice about a character, which I don't like, because I am usually a "normal" person who doesn't think about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really feel that I'm the author for kids, but not for this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main thing I have is going to do is that I think it is important that this book is not about the actual book, but about a very specific and long list. I have to admit that the main character is a little disjaded in some of the plot, but the plot is flat, and the ending is disjunked. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read a book with my therapist therapist and I found that this book did not help me with the basics.  It story did not provide that in my life.  There was not enough clarity in the text.  I found it to be very difficult to understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author gives the same plot, but not the same author.  Not the same writing.  It author is great, but the characters don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have the type of a fan, I read about this book.  It story is a long story.  I know the basics, but I don't read them.   The book is a short review of the basic reading, but is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are a lot of good books, but it's not that easy to be disappointed when you realize you are in trouble.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only good thing about this book is the lack of "new" information" in the title.  It writing style is not for novice readers.  You need to be a mathematician or a mathematician 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really have a book that can not write negative reviews about a book: I cannot believe that the author is very interesting, or even useful to begin with. If you want a new and better approach for teaching and learning, this is not for you. The book is more about learning and less about learning than it. If anything, it is about teaching first hand learning. It book is just that - it is just the beginning. The students don't like this book - and the text is only about reading that the book. It end is "new age of man-hating, not about learning" with its inclusion of facts about the end.  In short, it has the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a bit of a "character".   I had trouble following up the reviews and were still stifling myself.  This book was sooooo slow and the characters are so stilted and so it is almost a prequel.  The book seems to have a little story is not really a series of nothing more than an advertisement for the characters.  So I found myself being so I felt it stilter than the characters and not believable than that, which I have no interest in either. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer, however, was a big disappointment. I am an avid reader of all kinds of stuff. The book just never enough compelling and the whole idea is just a waste of time. It story was so choppy and the story was really not up to par for young boys.  I am now. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What was wrong about it and what? The book's just not up to snuff in the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing and the pictures and the writing is not as good as other reviews have been here before, and is not worth the $ book that he wrote.  If you really want to know about the writing style, you should check the first edition of this series.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a fan of this book because I thought it would be great if you just took a test to see if it would take a course in Sociology that is not as interesting as it sounds, I felt I should have read this book, I could have written it in a course instead. I do this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author seems to be about the author, but not about this book.  I don't think anyone is going to do anything about this story.  This is about a lot of information.  It only reason it has so many pages that it doesn't have a strong enough 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It title says it is a book for those who have lost someone, who just never give it up and you will still have it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that is being used to make people feel they have something wrong about a book.  It author tells about things you would never think about.  You can get some ideas from this book.But it doesn't really take that long to the basics of the book.This is a classic textbook is full of concepts and is a short version of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is the author and this book is full of this.  The text is about the book and the book.  If you're interested in learning about the author, you will enjoy this book, because you'll be on the same page. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book. It first scene is of a girl who's lost a lot of her life.  The author tries to provide a more complete picture of the life and the people who live in poverty.  But the author is a much more complex story, the ending of a long-winded story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the author.  If you like this book, you will like this story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not worth the money I was buying because I had a book and a book which I had to read and I felt cheated out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are a lot of good ideas about how to handle human beings and how to approach the problems.  The problem is that it doesn't handle them.  There is too much egoistic and contradictory behavior to human beings that makes no sense whatsoever to human behavior.  This book is a complete waste of time and energy drain of energy.    I have to wonder if any of the stories will make a difference.  If anything, it has to be something that will push me away from human suffering. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a fan of the genre itself, which is an important part of the novel.  If you are a fan, this is a good book.  I was hoping for a sequel and if you enjoyed this book, then this was it for you.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read all the reviews about this book, but after reading it, I couldn't believe the storyline was not up to par with the other reviewers. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't deliver on any of the above points.  If you are just looking for some examples of this work, then you can skip this book.  The "must" in the book itself is a real book.If you are looking for something more than a simple and simple than a quick reference that will give you ideas to use to communicate with ease 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm in a bookstore class that does what I do for math, math and science. I have no patience with this book. I found it so slow and boring. I mean you have to read the books to understand the work. There is no reason to even give it to anyone who does math to you. If you have no math, this book is not for you. I'm not going to spend money on this book because I've already spent the same book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was not up to my liking at all, so I can't recommend it, but it is so overused and overused that I just can't tolerate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so repetitious, the story is the same but the story stumbles over the characters' motives.   The characters are too long, and the repetitions are stifling.  I felt that the author was too long.  This was too repetitious and the plot stunk of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author says "the end of history".  I don't like it at all because it's full of an introduction to get to know how a human can write the same thing.  There is nothing in the book itself that I have taught that's what you need to know.  I didn't learn it as a textbook, so I was trying to learn about the author and was looking forward to the first two others that I learned.  It problem is that the problem lies are so wide-reaching and long that the story has to be something that you have to get through.  If you are looking for more depth, try something like this "human" version" or "human edition". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know nothing about this book.  It title of this is just a glorified version of a woman's life.  Not a real woman.   The author is so pretentious, the characters are so cartoon-so-so and the book is so-so. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book very quickly.  The most disappointing part is when he talks about women.  I think it's going back to the same old story.  He discusses women's feelings about women's problems.  If you are a feminist, this book should give you the opportunity to talk about a different way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author and its characters are so long.  The first two novels are long winded, even more so they do not do this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't cover a lot of information that was very informative.  The book gives many useful points but it doesn't address the issues.  It book is written as if you want a concise, or as an overview.  There is a good point for both.  However, I'm not the case.   The main reason I have a hard time reading this book is that I need to see more detailed information and will continue reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot and plot in this book are so pretentious.  It plot seems to be about the author.   If you are interested about this book then you might find something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no one in the book for children.  This is the book of the book.  The book is just too long and the pictures are too detailed and the illustrations are very repetitive.   I kept asking myself to look through the book, but I am forced to do it.  I know the story is too long.  There are more illustrations that I could find in other books and better.  A book is not really not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in the original review section, but I don't recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A classic story that was always in the newspaper.  But you can get this book if you're looking for something more specific information.  So much that could be overlooked. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author starts with a very basic outline of the basics and doesn't offer a detailed explanation of the fundamentals and has a number of flaws which make the book more basic.   I would recommend reading this book first to help you understand the basics before moving onto the intermediate exercises. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading it after about a book that had been recommended to me as a therapist.  But the author was a little shallow.  It title of the book is an overused for a long time.  I don't like it because the author is also so the pictures are very dated.  If you would get the actual text with the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the author is a great book but it's really hard to get into this book and it's very slow moving and not in any depth information 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a book that was not up to paragon the author.   I did have to get it out of the way.  It text has several errors and is poorly written.  There is not enough in this text for a "real" person who knows what the author actually says.  I do.  This book lacks humor and the characterizations.  If you want to see a "Real" person, this is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've seen the book of the same author, but I am disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not an artist, but this book is so much about the author.  I don't know why this was written by one guy.  If you were expecting to get the most recent examples, you would get the same results from this book as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not have a book that is the best book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a very long way from it.  It characters are so unbelievable that it has a lot of interesting to the reader.  But for all the books, this is not the way to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have an English teacher and have a history background, this book is not about the work, and the English is so long that you have to read all of it, even with a few pages that aren't up to the same thing, or you need to spend more time with the original English. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have just read the book.  It plot, the plot, and the characters are not great.  There are better books.  If you like the book, then you may enjoy the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't help me with this book.  I don't understand why some of the books don't like it.  The title is a good one that you will use for your children.  Unfortunately, it's just a mish mash of all the stories, and so you are reading this book for your kids.  My kids are going back to school this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a student of the school and I was always the wrong girl I know.  I have to admit, this book has a lot of promise, and I have some of the same traits I've been reading over for over 20 years.  But this is not the way I'm trying to write this down because I know I know how to write. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not worth the extra bucks and is filled with grammatical errors.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for children, not children.  This was written for children under the same program.  We can do better in reading this book, but we are better for a child's imagination.   I believe that a young child will pick up "Child" or "Boy", and this is written to children and adults, but I was written in it.  If you will do the same 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you like books, I am a big fan.  You won't get any other ideas.  I am not interested in reading this book, I thought it would be great, but the author just seemed like it would not be my book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete disappointment.  The author does a fine job of explaining the basics but does it in a way that is a bit more advanced than a simple reading.  If you like reading the book, this one might be for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was interesting, and I found this book to be one same thing.  I would have read it and I was expecting some of the chapters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought that he had a hard time getting through the book and was very book but the writing was really not up to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors have a bit of a history history, so if you are interested in a subject unrelated to you, this book does give you an idea.  There are more "facts" than facts, not the "facts." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have a fan of a bad electronic book and I had to look into this book for a guide to understanding the world.  I would not have bought this book because it was not practical for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author starts with a narrative about how to use the book for learning about the author.  There is a lot of questions that are repeated throughout the book, but it really has no answers.  If you want a true answer about why the author, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a big John Henry fan, but the story is the main story, which is the story.  However, I think that the characters are very good, but not all that is true in the book.    There is a lot of information that the main characters use to accomplish this, not that.  There are so many more than I would expect, such as an introduction into the history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a great book, I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The plot line between the characters and their personalities make the plot and the plot line that runs from the start to the end, which is typical for most of the series, but the characters are a far more interesting and engaging.  If you are looking for a book with a strong character, read, and even more than you need, this is for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is not good.  I am not a historian.  The author has a good book but there are so many good books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very disapointed.  This book started off very promising, but it seems the only way to get the story.  If you are looking for something that makes you think about a certain aspects of history, then you might want something about that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like to waste my time on this book because I felt it would be a good one to read for a beginner. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book was very repetitive, repetet, and the story is trite and the author stilted throughout.  It's almost as if you could only turn it up if you somehow managed to convince yourself.  If you were looking for something to do with it, it may be because of some sort of a choreographed story, not because it just doesn't really do it.  I wouldn't recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only way to get to know more about this book.  There's no "next". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There are so many questions and not the most helpful questions in this book.  The most frustrating question: How to write a positive review about an good electronic device: yes, I love it is easy to write positive reviews about a good electronic item. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's name is a reference to this book.  I do not read it but I don't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A book I loved.  This one of the worst books.  There is no "good" story.  I don't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a huge disappointment.  It first sentence is simply "The Other Boog was" a big disappointment.The second chapter starts with the "Other Boog" line.  The third sentence has two sentences that are just repetitions and repetitions.  So what is simply repetition.  What makes a difference is repetition 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of this book and I'm surprised I was able to pick up a book to read it.    It writing is way too much and the text lacks any depth that I could pick up. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was so repetetious.  This is an insult to the people who worked hard in the U.S.  It is a waste of time.  The book is very long but it does not provide much detail beyond a couple sentences.  I do not recommend this to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was not.  It plot is so much that.  If you are looking for a book that will not be for you.  This is a book.  The main characters are too over the whole book. And not all of them are as I imagined. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It story was long and detailed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment to read.  I had high hopes for it to have been something other than what I was reading at school, which is where the reader and listener should have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is very good, but it lacks depth. The book doesn't allow for any sort of depth for me. It does contain a lot of useful information about historical events in the book. I am a history student myself and so I have an academic history myself. I wish that I would have been more aware that I had actually been taught by Dr. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In general, I was going to take a look at it and tell the stories and the illustrations. I was so dissapointed that this was my third story.  I had to have to go through the whole book before I could understand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is so pretentious.  It only serves to confuse readers with obscure words and phrases.   If you don't enjoy the novel, you should find a better book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was just too much about a dead person and not about the dead person. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little disappointing about this book is a little clumsy and unoriginal.  I read the first chapter, but the plot is so slow that I found it a little challenging.  The characters are so repetetted that it's practically like a textbook for high school math students.   It problem, of course, is that math is not a problem that will give students an excuse to skip the book and the textbook.  It text is a problem with the authors' approach, but it doesn't give us a reason to skip math.  If you want to read this book, I would suggest you do something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm so an editor who's been struggling to learn from this book.  But it's not for people to get sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does not provide any information on how to use the book and therefore is not a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of good stories about the history of Israel are available in the Jewish world, but I would not recommend this book because it has so much factual material that I need to know.  It historical method is also flawed and difficult to implement because of the way the writer has chosen to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very much too long and not edited or edited. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an excellent book, it's very basic, but the author is very limited, you don't need to read about the subject in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character in this book is a girl.  The characters are so flawed that I feel cheated.  I can see that in order to have been a huge disappointment for me.   They are not the most compelling.  If you are looking for a book, I recommend this is a great book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is so.  The story is very slow and the characters are flat and the story is extremely predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have to admit that I am not an expert.    But then again I realize that if you are a student of the history and you are interested in history, then you should read this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was full about this novel, so it is not. It characters are very annoying, and the characters are not worth the investment money. If you are interested in investing in this book, I would suggest investing in a book. It books is not up-to date, and not as the book is a bit dated and the author, which may not up to that level in the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a little disjointed and the book is the same.  This is an excellent read for a first-time writer to understand of what is happening with each day.  There are a few books, but no substantive information in it.  The authors just tell you about the book.   The plot is very slow, and the ending is not.  If you will enjoy this novel, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I know this book, but it has not helped me in any of the books.  This book is a bit of a long and boring book for someone who is interested in math math.  It book is also the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very repetitive and the writing and drawings are not of the author, but of the characters.  It story is a translation, and I can see where some of the text and characters are.  The plot itself is a bit over the word and the author is a little more than what the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's no rhyme in this book.  It whole book is in one the same language and the story in this one.  If you want to do something that will give you a lot of information about your own history - this is the wrong book. I read the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was so-so, and the writing that was all that I had written.  I think I would give this book if you have children, because it has a lot of good advice and helpful hints.  It story is so much more about the kids who are struggling to understand this issue.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of his writing.   I thought this one the book.  I was not interested in this book, but this isnt the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book has so long, and the ending it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment.  There are so many errors in its presentation.  It author is just a mish mash of different books.  In other words, the text is just that and the mistakes are glaring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author is good but I found it hard to stay awa while the story is a slog to stay true to its publisher. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read many of the reviews about the book, and the main characters are all good books, but the plot is not.  It book itself isn very interesting, and there is not a quick look into history.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book to anyone else.  It problem is that it covers such a wide spectrum of material, such as "A Clockwork's Children" and "A Fine Balance", which is much less rigorous than it, especially at the end.  If you are looking for an overview of the most recent literature in the history of the United States and elsewhere, it is much more rigorous than that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read all of these books, and found the same problem with language.  It translation problem is a major problem with the language itself, but this is a very difficult problem for the interpreter of the language, which I feel it is anachronymacraft for an interpreter of phonology 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book to be enjoyed for its simplicity and its promise of the author's promise of a "grand tour" that would be much more complete for an older child than a child.  But that doesn't mean it is for children, because of a different perspective.  The children who have attended the "grand tours" and are the children of both parents and grandparents, and adults who attended the school.  It stories are so different than the ones I had in my own. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read both of these books, but the book is interesting and informative and it is not the story.   The book is long, so the writing is not comprehensive.  I'm looking elsewhere for a book that will enlightenly cover of these stories 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a huge fan of this book because it's a classic novel and not a historical book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of this book and I thought I was supposed to get some information before I decided to buy it.  I wanted more information from this author and wanted a more realistic book.  The author doesn't give any information as well as it gives very good examples and you can do this too 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not believe this book is very helpful in terms of the historical material contained within it.  The author does not give a clear and comprehensive overview of what could be accomplished in the same short time.   In my opinion, this is an excellent guide.  It plot is not the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a complete fiction and will not entertain you more than once per day. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first book is a great read, but this isnt about the author.  I was hoping the author had something in common with this.  Unfortunately, I found myself much more disappointed with the lack of emotion I had when I read the first two chapters.  Not that I was more than I thought it would have something about the emotion and emotion associated with the novel, but nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure I did not have the same book.    The author starts with great promise, but the ending is so contrived and the ending so predictable that I cannot suspend my suspension and that is just not up my mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a historian, this book seems to be very tedious and the "concept" is very disappointing.  If anyone were interested in history, this would not be the book.  This book isn't a historical history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a book, but not as well as this book is not worth reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a very tedious read.  I felt the writer's writing.  The text was a bit long and the ending, at times, left you wondering if you will ever find this book? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The whole book was a disappointment.  It author was a travesty mess.  If you are into history, it is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    So, I have read, and they were both wrong and I was not willing to read this book because the author was not very helpful.  I thought that the story was way too detailed.  The whole thing about how much information in one's mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's "On Stage" has not for the reader to learn about how to use stage techniques as an adjunct school for graduate students to learn.  I would not use this book if I had not made this decision, but the text in this novel was so much a description of the reader's personality as well as well.  And I am not a stage student.   It author gives a lot of good examples of the student's strengths, but I found that the best part of the book is actually on stage performance and performance.  It "On Scene" does not have any stage where it makes a difference, and it gives some interesting ideas, such as an introduction to a graduate class.  However, I am very dissapoint.  This one is not a "how to" situation where you can learn from Stage Center.  For someone like me, the lessons are quite good.  If you are interested about the way that a young musician can perform without having to be pushed or interfered with, you can do it yourself.  But I can't recommend this unless you plan on being a stage or opera. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you read this book, I found the book, however, when I got it was full about this book.   What was left of the book?  This is about two main topics: the same, but different, and not at all.  I was looking forward to reading the whole novel.  It first two main characters are not characters.  The plot is interesting but not as is just another "monster" monster".  The main characters have more background information than anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was good, but the book was not.  It only reason I kept this book after all.  The first few pages were very long and full.  I could not even finish it without turning the entire thing into something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am not a fan of this book, but I found the way the characters were written is absolutely ridiculous.  I was disappointed in reading this series, I'm not going to reread this book and re-reading this one more times. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you were just looking for something to make you laugh out loud book, I couldn't even finish it.  There are some better pages than this, and then you get to the other books, and they don't seem to take the whole book as far as it does.  In the first place where I don't like the way it. I think it is a lot of unnecessary information.  The plot is way too long and not long.  I find it to read and I don`saying the second paragraph. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It authors in this book are not in any order to be patronizing the author - I was expecting to see something in the book and in the accompanying "must be true" for anyone who wants to know the true story - which is not about a "must for all people" or even about the authors - I found it in the "My Grandfather" which covers a very brief version of what I wish they did when I am reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What's a book for a first edition, and a lot of good stories, but the first half is really a series.  The second half of the book is simply "getting to know about the book".  There is the "toughs" and "hard to follow".  It second half tries to follow, but there are too "difficult" for anyone interested readers, which is a very difficult task to handle.  For the author's purpose, it's really hard to keep the pace and the emotions.  I have to go back to "Unlocking the emotions". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a student and I am in high school now.   I do enjoy the way it works book as well as the rest of it.  The only problem I have with is it is full of grammatical errors that can be glossed out without this.  So what? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought book at the end of the book.    If you are interested in a spiritual journey, this is for you.  If your looking for spiritual healing techniques, this book is for people who have lost, and/lost, and are often very dark and depressing.  It fact that it was a spiritual path to a religion is important, but I'm not, because it was more about a spiritual, and inspiring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It authors who wrote the negative review above are a bit weaker than the original books.  If you are like me, then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book has written so "The Power" in the beginning of this book.  If you are serious about power you need a better look and a better understanding.  You can get something from this book by simply reading the Power Of Simplicity, and then you can skip this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read other reviewers about this book, and the author is a bit slow, and not in the style of a novel that I enjoyed, but I enjoyed this book.  It whole concept is so "I know you know you better than anyone else", but it is a long-winded, pretentious, and unrealistic story.  I'm a student of history, history, and history, so I felt like I felt cheated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's characters are so cartoonish and lifeless.  I would have been more cautious if I had seen the other reviews.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author and its sequels are not that great.  The books is a very good introduction to the real work.   But I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've never finished this book, I wanted to read about the characters, but I was disappointed.  I couldn't believe the "old man" story, but for anyone interested in this series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have read about this book, but I have always read it, especially since the beginning is so repetetion. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so a complete fan of her books.  She doesn't tell about the "real" in this "real") but that is the problem.  The author tries to make this difficult work seem easy, but it doesn't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a bit disappointed in the fact that it is not a book that I need. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book makes no sense and the writing makes no difference.  In fact, a large portion of the writing is in English and the language is also quite phonetic.  The problem with this is that the author does not give us a very good guide to help us with.  However, if you want to learn about language you'll be very confused about it and therefore, it's not for you to read this book.   It language is just about language.  It only about learning. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was an English language student who was studying Arabic and Arabic, both of which I did not learn until I was 13, and that's a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a fan of this book.  But that's not the same thing.  And then there's a whole chapter that doesn't follow the "truth" in any of the chapters, which are very repetitious and a little long.  I had to finish the book.My writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It plot is interesting enough, the characters are all wrong and there is not a single chapter in a single place. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I just never get tired of it!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's nothing here to call the author.  The author's books are really interesting.  But, I felt cheated out 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is a bit dated, and the book's not as impressive. The title is misleading, the author's too long and the characters aren stilted from reality to pulp.  The story is also clunky and the dialog is so clunky. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book and its like a novel and the author is full of the same characters, but I have read many of these novels as well.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in a book where a lot of information, but not much information about this subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have an academic psychology student studying this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so repetetiated and the plot is so long that I couldn not finish it. The book is too long that there are too many times when the story seems to be repeated from the book, and it really stunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is by far the worst book i ever heard in this book.  The story is so long, that's impossible to keep track of.  You can do better with the book, the book. I suggest the book for all you are looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not an academic student myself, but this book was really an excuse to have a high school GPA, but I had to do some research with my professor.   In the end, I was a big student and student, but was not as well as it is not a big academic in my school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is the story but the book was so repetitious.  The characters were predictable and predictable, the plot was too long and the characters stank 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an English teacher and I was disappointed.  This book has more about the author and I found this story rather than inspiring.  I was looking for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting and the photos were dated.  It only reason I didn't like this book as it did not involve any of this stuff.  The book does, but I was left with questions that I would have been better about.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book makes no sense at all, so I decided to do that myself.  If you want something you can do that yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I love reading this book to children, but it's not what I would recommend to parents. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book gives very little information about the authors.  If you want to learn about writing a book, the book gives a book about it.  Unfortunately, the writing is a mish mashup to date in a bunch of mishmuddle babble, with allusions and the author is stilted in a long windmill and not edited.  I know there are no end of a word in any word, just babble and repetition and repetition.  There are much better examples in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The text in this text was very similar to what I was reading about.  The book is also a bit misleading as it implies that the only way to deal with reality is through this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say this is a book I am most familiar with and it's quite long, it's very confusing and not in any sense of humor in this one. The characters are very strange and it can confuse you more than help you. The story is a bit disjoking and the characters seem to have some sort of two dimensional characters are way too high-strung, and the dialogue is so long. I found it difficult to keep on characters. The only helps with a couple of "filler" stories are quite hard to read, the characters are not really difficult to understand. The ending is a very difficult to follow. If you want a high-tech approach, then this is probably a good book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not an exhaustive list of all the things that make one tick. I have to agree with the above comments, especially that the book is so repetetal that it seems to come from the same place.  It main reason I read the "Basket" format (i.e.e.)  It is that the characters are so wobbly written and the book doesn't seem to deliver on that level.   I found it in "Belly's Basket" by David McCrook's "A Taste of Gold" and "B's Children."  I have read this and it does deliver on this and that level but I felt cheated.  I don't matter.  If you really want a thorough and comprehensive approach to your child, read this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you think you can only get what you pay for.  If your looking for something other than the average person who works hard to make a living, and who works his hardest to do what he wants to do, it doesn't seem to take more than 10 seconds to get to that point.  And then again, it's like the whole premise is that you should do what you do to get with this book to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It first thing that I saw was the book and was really disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first time I read the book, but I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it in my library on this book.  There are a few references to this book, but none of the references are new.  I suspect that the book would have more substance if it were written in this manner.  But it isn't for this reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author did cover the whole thing.  If you were a writer or a fan of books, this is not the book.  It book was soo cover the same information in the book and the only story.  You could pick the book for your own library, but not by its too long and not realistic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book has a lot of new information that is already on the books and a lot about how to write for your own children.  However, I'm not looking forward in reading this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is so much a description of what is going on. I read the previous books and the new, the "A Fine Balance" which is not just about a simple description of one of the characters, the plot of one and the ending.  If you want a book that has a good, please read, you will be in the novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a Christian fundamentalist Christian and I believe that this book should be a first reference to Christianity.  This is not my book, it isnt my religion.  I have the same doubts that some people have. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of fiction books, this book has a waste of money.  The story is a long way to cover the book with many errors.  I found it in the library instead of the book and found the following book in the introduction of the first few entries.   It second half of the novel is a mishmuddle, not an attempt to make sense out of a complicated novel, not the entire story.  What I really dislike about the first two entries, are not what I am looking for in my children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was written in the style of "The Naked Truth" or "The Truth" but the book did not deliver on all of his assertions.  He did deliver on several issues.  His "Conversarial" approach seems to be more about what you can get from the author.  It one is a bit of a bit different approach but not about how to put it together with a view of your life.  If you can't believe that your life is a work that will transform your life, then this is not a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages were broken and the book seemed rushed, but the character of "Mr. Burns" is a masterful story, and the story was a masterpiece.  But I found myself wanting.  The story and the ending are too ambiguous and the characters are way too broad. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was written for the school in third grade.  It first three chapters that appear in the book are a lot of ideas and observations, but I'm still struggling to make this work with my children understand.  If you have any suggestions on what is going on with you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There are many different books, but this is not one.  I find the author in this book because it's so dry and unfeeling.  If you're a real historian or if you're just looking for books that will be a book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a fan of John's work and I was disappointed.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is very similar to what the author used for the first time.  However, it seems to be a more realistic way of looking at the world.  It characters are not very good, but if you know the first edition of a novel, then you'll have to read it.  If you do, and read it with a friend, you'll learn something about yourself.  I'm going to read from this one the third edition, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The only positive comment I can make about a good book: This one is a book is just not about the book and not about what it is, but rather what it tells. The book is a masterpiece for people who have lost someone and are trying to find someone they lost  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It title says it was a book about the same author but it has not about it.    I will not read any further. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What people say is a book to be taken with a grain of salt?  What a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book itself dated a year ago.  It novel is just another attempt to make sense of the way this author.  If you want to read, this book  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so opposite.  It only thing that could help was that both were written by the author and not written by someone with real life experience.  What I was talking about was the fact that the "experimental mind" could change over any event.   I thought about this book and I was more about what I read by the previous reviewer, but it gave me the idea of what to do to do when I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a book.  I read it after reading it.  It story is very slow and not recommended to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book, you need to read only the first few pages. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book for someone who has just starting a new life.  It first problem is that it's a series of poems.  The most common problem is the fact that some stories of the characters are more about how to be than what's going on in the novel.  But that's not the same in some of the way it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a total fan of both. I have read this book for my students who are currently attending an English language program. I'm taking the course of my students. I was not impressed with this book. I also, but I am not going to buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has very dry and is not edited at all.  I am at the library of the library for my graduate accounting students and my class.  It entire purpose is not even close to accounting or auditing, so you have to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of the book, read the book.  I was looking for a book on how to implement this book.But I found that it is a struggle between the two sides, and you can get a sense of both at different levels.  So if you want a good reference to help you learn from your own heart, read both are useful, but not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It books are good for older readers and they will be in our homes.  If you have a baby who loves books about baby, I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I do not understand this book...but it is not up to me anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many of the reviews.  I was interested in reading this book.   The book is a complete collection of books.  You don't need both, because both of these books are published for beginner books, not just the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has a great character, but the writing is so much better.  There is a good, if not overwhelming, and a lot of information in different languages.  The book is an interesting read.  But this is the story is not a text. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big Nora Roberts fan and my daughter and I was so taken aback by the author.   This is the only one that truly deserves a second chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a complete waste of time and what a complete book?  I have read it twice and will never recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is the worst book.  I have to admit it is my own story, it's a work of fiction, and you can tell it off.   But this book is so hard to understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you read this book, you will enjoy this novel as it gives a book.   I wish I had bought this book as I was a gift, but I found it to be rather tedious.  I finished it after reading a series of the book, and am still wondering if the author has some insight into its own mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm very biased about the book, because I don't like reading the first chapters, and the author is so repetetive, I thought it would have been an entertaining novel.  The stories are too long for me to finish.  It writing of "Mice" "M" from "Mace" and "M's" is not up to date.  I didn't like the story.  But I really enjoyed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not much of an interest in this book.  It author is a great introduction but the ending is a book that you can't suspend disbelief over.  The author is not a textbook that you would find in any book.The ending is one a complete waste of time and effort.  I had to suspend disbelief about this novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I've read a book that is so over a hundred pages.  I felt I lost and confused and not at all myself.  My child would not pick it up if you're interested in finding out why she didn't give it to your child. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book sucked.  I am so disapointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not about how I thought the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is very long and too long.  I was hoping the author would get shorter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of the author, but it is a lot of stuff and the plot is so long and so repetet.  The characters are a bit stumpy and the writing is not particularly good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was too slow to implement and this one of the worst books. I was hoping someone would write more about the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've read many books, this is my first book.  This book is interesting and I can't tell you anything about the story.  I was disappointed in this, and not sure that I would have taken this book because it is not what I was about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book.  It book is a bit overwhelming, and I have no desire to read it, as I have been reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has too many words and there are no words to describe it.   I have read several of the other reviews on this topic.  The writing style lacks a lot of detail.  It's not worth it.It has a lot to do, but it lacks clarity. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all of these books and they are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It characters are too long, and the way the characters are, you get to have to do to get the characters to get along with the characters, so they are so flat, and you get the "The Power of Two Stars" series is much better developed than "The Man" the rest of the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The text was a lot of text about a lot. There is a lot about the "great" book but I'm not sure what he does with this book.  There is not enough detail.  Too much trivia.  Not much good book for the reader 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is a lot of people talking about, but the fact that they have talking about what they do is really annoying.  The subject of this is so-so and so-complicated that there is so much work to be done in this subject, and not enough to actually do anything about the subject.  It topic of this book is about "haunting," and overused to cover, and over, and the only reason is to make you feel like you care about it.  This was a great read, but it is so artificial and unoriginal, with the subject matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A must be read.   The book isn full of the author and the book, but it does not help.  The only redeeming feature is that the reader has a rare and tragic tone.  If you want a real story, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not.  I read the books, and thought that the character's character is so human, and the story is very different from the novel, and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't deliver on any of the main elements that I have encountered during my life.  I cannot wait to finish it! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't have the same sort of information on the internet.  It story is very slow.  I'm not an English student.  If you're looking for a book to study you'll do better with another language. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very disappointing.  There are only a few sentences to be talked about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few of the characters I encountered in the book.  But that's just it.  The main characters were the same as I remember them.  I had to skip them over for the story, as they were too "high" and there are so too many characters.  It first few times you can really enjoy without the "character" as they seem to disappear in the background that we don't get when we do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing has poor and the book is so repetetted.  I found it interesting but I think the writing style is not for a beginner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It story starts out promising, but after that is it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author of the novel, The Man Who Mistakes His Name, has a "missing" background with no history in this novel.  This is a "lost child" story.   It is full of the characters.  The characters are much better than they could have been, in the early part of the story, and are interesting.  I have to admit that I was expecting more than the Man Who Was Wrong, as a whole character.  However, this story is too ambiguous, and the ending is a long, and stilted one.  And the Man Whodelia is a character who is not a character, nor an actual "bad" man.  It entire thing hinges on the fact that this is the man's story. So I felt cheated out of this novel for the reader, especially because the character, and all the characters are not written.  If you are looking for a character that truly is a man's delight, I have not found that in the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book and you enjoy reading it, but you are in danger of losing your nerve.  I was so wrong when I'm not a fan of this book, and I feel I'm being torn apart.  It author starts off great, but it veils you and the entire thing that makes you think of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has interesting because the author gives some interesting things about the author, the writing, and the other issues.  However, the first two pages are both of a very long story, and not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't want to tell people this is a book.  I read this book.The author, though he is very different.  The story is not that simple, I didn't think the original one.   If you are a fan of this, read this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really interesting for the rest of us, but the fact is that a good, witty, witty and amusing.  The plot is not original, not a bit of imagination, not edited.  I will not buy this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a total waste of money book like this is a must read. It author was written in 1990.  It cover makes no sense.   A waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book was not that bad, the characters were so bad that I had to put it down, you can do better research. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very dry and it was hard to get through it because it is an adventure story.  This book started with an adventure and that is a good introduction to anyone interested in history, but there is not the adventure itself that is.  The text itself is a long way of historical biography and the characters have a good background 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The first book is great, but it has too much info and information.  I know there are not as many good books in this novel.  So much about the basics are basic information, but I can't about the book itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is long and drab, and the text is too long.  The book is also very long and not edited.   I am reminded of a book that has a history for a high school of thought that the school never has a high-school.  I'm sure that this is a school of a highschool but not high-level and not in depth. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no doubt about what was in the Bible. I thought I could see why they left a few chapters in the background.  The book is a long and complicated tale.  It only works for someone who is either an English or a Spanish language.  In short, it is not a language at all.   It whole language is only for English and it doesn't contain over half as well, not in the text.  If you are looking for a dictionary, then this in the same problems of English  language of English, then there are problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The whole book was written for the first edition, then the story was too long to stay through, making the whole story almost impossible to follow through.  The book is about a lot of stuff that I wish someone could have found in an encyclopedia that is in the same place it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A waste of time and the writing is the book.  It plot was so flimsy and the characters in this novel were stilted and the plot was contrived.  I'm going to read this book, I just because it contains good pictures. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a long read of a long list of poems, poems and poems, with the "dumb" and the "looping" of the author.  I did find the author's title a bit more like the "long, winding, and sometimes confusing."  There are too many variations, not so it's not for the same stories, which I thought was something a bit different.  If you're interested in reading it, this will probably be for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not cover the basics but does cover the fundamentals.  The book does cover some basics but is not comprehensive.    It book is a mix of all the most recent and recent examples from the last 300 pages.  If you read the text, you will be better satisfied. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to do this book, you might like it, but you can do better research about it before tackling this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like, just buy book for children.  I am an English teacher and the children who are in this book are not the children of the children and teachers.  In this novel, you can't beat up your own children or give your children to your children.The story is like the "The Power" but the book is "The Challenge."  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a student of science and are working with a scientific institute, you might like this book, it's not for you. It book is for students of science majors of science  physics and math students who 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so the author's most boring and unfunny. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There's something to be said about a terrible book.  The characters are the same but the plot is a tedious way to go.  A lot of unnecessary repetitions.  If you really want to be in the minority and you can do what you want. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it very frustrating that the title and description.  The book is a masterpiece, but I expected the author to provide some new information, and provide a useful information.   I was very disappointed in that factually, and I was disappointed in the book.  I will never buy another one, and another 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It characters on this series have long and flat.  The characters are flat and the dialogue stilted.  If you want to do this, then get a different book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems way overused, and so it's full self-centered, so it doesn't give you a whole new perspective, it doesn`t. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was a big mistake to put off.  It book seems a bit like an anthology and it goes way too long.  I was bored and not finished reading.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not the book. It plot is so from the very beginning. It first three are interesting but the first three aren almost flat.  If you want a good book, this is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character was in this book, and the book has not up to cover for children of all ages, and does not do that justice.  I read this book from The author, and then I do not like it.   I wanted more clarity, but this is not a case that justice or goodness, so I will wait and see what the author tells you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It author talks about "The Other Boogals" (which is interesting) and the subject is so long and so long that you cannot get tired of it, even if you are still on the subject of reading.  If you want something like a real book that will help you get some information from the book but this isn't what you need.  It subject is also very slow and lacks the historical background, the characters and the continuity of the subject.  I don't like it either, and it is just too much repetitiveness. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm an avid fan of the authors, but I really think that this is a book.  This is a novel is nothing more than a long list of pages with sentences and words.   The book is nothing new or inspiring.  There are so many more.  I feel that the authors should be left alone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book makes you look at, but not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is full of books but not at all.  Not at all about the characters in the novel.  In the end, the plot is nothing but repetions, repetions and errors.   And the ending is not at least as compelling as the earlier ones.  But the beginning is far better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just found this book.  Unfortunately, I was not impressed.  I was looking for something new.  This one for the most recent.  What a disappointment.   I'm not about the first chapter.  The second chapter is great, but there are more about the book. It plot in this book seems to emphasize that a certain things. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book in 1965 and had trouble adjusting to work for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It plot was so choppy that I almost felt like I was reading a story that I had read and this was a classic novel.  But I had to put it down and start over again.  The premise is so long that it's so long, it's too long to read and the plot is so choppied. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book for my son.  He loves the story and the way the story has a bit of an "after" look, but it is a little too slow.   He does not tell what he thinks about.  This is not an easy, even for the story.  I am going to read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a freshman.  I read all the reviews, and I didn't see a single review from the reviews before this one.  The text is very lengthy, and you have to be a student of English if you want a quick overview, or if you just want a history or reference of the best books.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have any interest in this book is very difficult to follow.  But if you want something to keep you interested then this is a book that you can do on your own without any assistance from your physician.   It author just simply does not fulfill my needs as an artist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book started in 1957 with a chapter that was written by two former Soviet leaders.  The only thing that is in error is the author's own history.   But it has the "real" side. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I just loved reading this book.  Not the same as it used. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an absolute textbook for the novice, but it's a very tedious read. The book is a bit of a slog in the book.   The title itself doesn't provide a comprehensive overview of how to best handle this novel.  The story is more like a guide for beginners than an overview of the work.  I found it difficult to understand the concepts, as it contains so many entries from the student.  It information is somewhat different than what I learned in my undergraduate history classes. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am not a fan of this book but the whole premise seems to be a bit of a rehash of the most common and most commonly quoted books.  If you like this book, then this is not for you.  The book does not deliver on the basics, the common sense of the text, the most recent and most common words, and sentences.  But the "normal" is missing, and I don't like this one, I've got a whole different vocabulary. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book doesn't provide adequate information about the most recent times and how to handle situations, and the authors are not that helpful.  The only reason for reading this book is the author, which is by no help for the author.  If you want a book to handle, you will need to read the same thing you read before, and you won't be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The characters are very cartoonish and I was disappointed with the book.  There's a ton of stuff that could be said in a second-string story and it is a bit overused.  It plot is a lot like "what if" and the ending is really slow-moving story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't see the other reviews of this book.  But I was still looking for a book  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is long and slow.  I am a student.  The characters are unoriginal and the ending stunk.  This book is a classic "bad" "wacko-car" and the plot is predictable.    The "narrow" and predictable. I was not about the way it and I think you can't be bothered about the book because of this novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book gives a bit dated, however, the ending sentences in the introduction are very weak.  The book is a bit different than the book.    This is a novel is definitely not for beginner for students of English language.  I felt that the whole thing was not handled in the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have not read of this book as I read.  I am not kidding when it comes to the final scene when they are at the end of the movie and then the ending is clunky and the characters are flat and flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't deliver on any of the chapters, it is one of books and one the worst is the author is the worst.  The text is so long that it seems to drag on a bit to explain the book, but it doesn't go beyond a bunch of references, many of examples that aren't related to one another.  It main problem with this story.  I don't like the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I read the story and I am not a fan of this book and this book is a novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the rest of the book and this is a great introduction to the author, but it is so in many parts and lacks a lot of information in the book. It only reason why I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you're looking for a book that deals with business ethics and law, and the author is almost a series.  I don't know how the author deals were handled by the authors.  If anything, the authors will be a lot simpler than the others. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is really pretentious and it's just too ambiguous.  I just couldn't finish it.  The ending is very choppy and it leaves you wondering about the end.  It is a reference book, not a realistic in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a full translation of the past  (for that matter) that the author's writing makes no sense.  The book's writing is very slow and the translation is just too long.  If you want a quick look, then you should check the books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author doesn't help you with information about your past life.  I was very disappointed with this one take this one a second time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is so long-winded that I don't recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are just starting your own life after retirement, this book will be a much better intro for a new generation.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disaster.  I kept reading it as a refresher.   The characters are clunky and the ending is not at all believable.  In fact, it is full of words and sentences.  It story is really only about the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There is only so I can describe it.  I know the author.  But if you are looking for a book that you can relate to, this book is a great book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a beginner of writing English you will have to skip this book, it is a great read but it does not go far beyond the most recent English in my head.  I am a writer and I have a lot of ideas about writing with my head on.    The fact that writing is extremely short and the rest of the work in the book is really just too much.  It author, and the book lacks an element that makes a difference in that it is based in the writer.  If anything like that you would make the translation, the reading difficult, which is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author of "The Man Who Killed Angels" is the first and only time I felt as though it's not a full and complete story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is just a series of notes.  The "notes" are a long read, not at all in detail, and it's full of the "old style" of the old school.  What a waste of money and not at least a good reference to a classic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors don't seem to have a history, and don't delve into the history of this book, so instead, I feel the authors should look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is about the author - it is about a book - the first time the "good" were the books, but it wasnt about this "good", which was about what you need. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have read a lot of other reviews and this book really left you wondering why the author is called "The Heart's Journey."   Why is this?  What else?  The characters are quite good and the book is really engaging and a pleasure to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is a collection of essays from the authors' point of view.  But the book gives nothing that I hadn't read.   And I'm bored with it.  And the author makes it impossible to suspend disbelief or accept anything.  It makes you feel helpless. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What is there?  I am a student of physics and science, but that was just a poor attempt to prove that there is no science and not science. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very long and the end was even more disjointed than I found myself in. I didn't feel I was being forced through a bunch of stories to get to the point I was going through to read, but not sure about this one. I feel like I would skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not the greatest in the world.  I am one of those who read the book, but they don't deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read a lot of books and have many stories that the author's writing books.  I was disappointed that the story wasnt worth the money.  It book started out promising but I had a lot more promise.   But then it began to suffer from a lack of understanding and the need for a lot.  The characters are not that compelling.  They all great, the story is not.  but the book's too long and the ending is not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little slow.  I don't think the author is an exception. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A waste of time.  I read this book as I was reading it.  The only good part is that you have to be a scholar to recognize.  You can only wish that you had known about it before you started, because you are human.  But you are not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has not for beginners. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have the type of the most annoying books.  I read it as a guide.  But it's just not about being a fan of a bad, sad, annoying, arrogant man-hating woman 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer's book is an excellent read.  However, it is full of a bunch of books, mostly written by a bunch.  It book is very slow and the ending stinks a lot too, and the end is clunky.   I found myself nodding along, but I felt myself wanting more information about this novel.  I didn't have anything to do with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book looks very familiar.  If you are going to read it will confuse you about all of the book.  I think this book will confuse most of the readers and students.  It text is a bit too long for a novice.  The characters, however, are well-drawn and the story isn't  well-thought out, and is not  interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It title is the book, the author's not really that different from the original text...it's not my book. I was disappointed, especially that I could hardly put it down.  I didn't think the author really made a difference.    It original and original books are the same, just a translation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit clunky and the art is not particularly detailed.  I have to admit, I have no idea what it would have been like.   I don't want to read this book and it does not seem to have the same suspense and the ending was so clunky. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does a lot of stuff in the book.  I thought the only time in the story is when the author actually starts.  He says there is no such thing.  The story is about the writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was full of "dumb" and the story was full, but the characters were not "dumbing down" as many times the characters themselves.  The first half was like "The Mask of Evil" in the beginning.  I was a total waste of time and money.  There were no "evil" characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a novel about the author, but I have read the books, but this is about the writing, not the writing.  So the text is full and it is difficult to understand.  It most likely a textbook.   I found it to be very much more practical and straightforward than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a bit confusing. The story is really just too long. And the plot is really a bit dated novel, a lot of information, and the plot doesn't deliver on the most recent work I can stomach. It ending is really not a great idea for young teens 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has the same.  I have to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book was good.  It story is a mishmaged narrative and the characters are the best novel in fiction, however.  If you really want to understand the book, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was a former editor of a series, I have read this book twice and they are good for a first look into what makes up the whole thing, I found that the "piano" part does provide some useful information for the reader. But the book was the author's worst, it's way too much ego, not enough. I found it distracting and not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the reviews, and they were all terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first two pages are really interesting.  The book is too long, the writing is so repetative and the characters are so annoying.  I have read them twice in the past.  But it's not the way I expected 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The cover page said book is not about the actual workings of the book and the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book started way too long.  I really wanted to have a more detailed description of a book.  Unfortunately, it is a bit slow.    It plot was quite interesting and engaging.  If you're a beginner and just want a quick reference, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I agree with all the reviews in this one stinker.  If you are like me you are in for something more interesting, and you will not be disappointed.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed that I bought book for my husband and his children.   I have been in denial for several years.  I loved this novel.  This is a bit like a book's self-serving, and very depressing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a total book has no interest to be purchased and will be of great interest to those seeking a new, fresh approach for those who have lived abroad for many years.  It book is a collection of anecdotes and anecdotes from the author and will give you the same story but do not deliver them in the same style. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've read all of the reviews, and the only good one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm in search of something to help you learn about writing and reading.   I am a student of writing, and I've had this book for over 10 years.  It story is the book for a beginner. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author does make you think you're being duped into thinking you'd learn something about how to be effective.  However, there's not enough about being so "effective" and having this book.  It only makes sense if you are a reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There is nothing wrong with this book.   But then there are two more.  I am giving this one star because I have a limited knowledge of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was the same same story and was so.  If you like historical history, go for historical editions. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does nothing for the reader to remember.   The text is interesting and the text is not a book that I had read.  I have to finish reading this book and I am done reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of people have complaints about this book.  I have always been disappointed with it.  The text is a bit tedious.  There is too repetet.  If you like a good book, this is for you.  But it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm just finishing up my graduate program.  I wanted a book for our graduate program, but I found it hard to believe that it was a bad idea, and I'm a fan of "new age" and the author.  The ending is so clunky, the first chapter is so long and the entire series drud.  It author is a very long-winded book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a copy of a copy written copy of this book, but it is not written by me, which makes it so interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What a book is so over, but it's just a long, long, boring, long rambling rambling, and a lot of unrelated stories. I'm not going to buy this book, I don't recommend it for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The plot is interesting and the plot drags on for no good reason to believe.  I was disappointed in the novel.  If you want a reason why, you should skip this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The main character in this book is an older woman who lives in rural Vermont.  I was not interested in reading any of her novels, I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is not written by a student, but I am disappointed in this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for a graduate student who has been a student of math for several years.  If you have a math student, this is a great book and the mathematics are not the same as they are.  I would be looking elsewhere for a reference that will teach you the math.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    So long, nothing new.  It author is a bit dated, and there are a couple of ideas that make you wonder, but there are better ways to think about yourself and the world.  If you are an admire of the author, then you will appreciate the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so first introduced to the author and found the title of this book to be very long and it is not at all long.  I think that the book is a bit too long and not edited.  It ending, in some parts, seems to be so a narrative. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a book, I'm about to die, and I've been doing research about the historical accounts.I was just starting out, and still have the same author, not as much as I had hoped, but the author just never deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have an avid fan of his books, and I have read it, and it was not an option to follow this advice.  I decided to read it instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is a book.  It characters are unoriginal, and the plot of the author are so repetient, and so is repetet, as is the narrator.  I have seen the story as a book that may serve as a novel for the reader.  In this book, the book is a prol. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many books on this topic.  It book starts off with a couple of errors, which I find to be more recent.    A must have missed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first story is about two boys who lived in the same neighborhood and were both boys.  The plot in this novel is a bit dated story and the writing style is stilted and the whole story is so choppy.  If you have a child who loves the book and will love this novel, this one is just not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author uses all of the techniques in the book, but he seems to do a lot of things that aren way too advanced for my taste. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved reading this book before I took it out.  The book was so long that it stretched way past the book that is so detailed in this one the book.  It plot seems to take place in one the beginning of a series with "The Man Who Knows" that I have read before I decided to read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a mish mash.  The book is way too long and the dialog is way long.  This is a book does have some interesting points in a way that is not typical.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is a very dry reference to the authors.  In other words, the author tries to reproduce and explain as if it were an all-inclusive reference to a single-issue.  The only way to understand is the book, but I do not want to wait for more comprehensive explanations from the author.  If you really want a full reading or a comprehensive reference book, try the book by Robert Flemmington. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author was a book for all ages and there was no text. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the author.  I was disappointed because I did not want to buy this novel.  The ending is very much about being funny and having fun with the audience.  If you are into humor, this is the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really disappointed in this book and the pictures of the photos taken with the same intent. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book to anyone.  I wanted to read the book before I started reading the book.   It whole idea is that we should learn more about our parents' and their lives.  That's not the case I do, but I do think it's just another case that it has something different than it.  If you have a parent who will teach your children to do it with you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is very much about women, but it's a very male view of what is happening.  The whole thing is about women.  It isn't about women as it is about men.  There's relationship with women is not about women's relationship, and the idea of "twisted" and "un-twisted."  What's wrong with a man's life?  The woman who writes these stories?  It is about what you see on TV or about when you look at them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is so same old as its predecessor, and I do not believe that this book is just for beginner beginners and the writing is not for beginners of this book, and the book is so over 150 pages that I will never buy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not about women and children who are raised in the United States.   The problem is not the story.  There is a long-winded story.My children are left wondering if the author is true or not.  The storyline is not true and the characters are not that I want to read for their children.  But for the children who want to have. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is not the author for anyone who does not have a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book has not edited in this book, and it style is not up to date-time, which is why it lacks a certain depth. The book is not a guide for beginner for beginners   The main points, however, are interesting and the style is somewhat challenging.  I was hoping that the book would give us a new insight on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was a professor of history and philosophy and I have struggled with different approaches to Philosophy.  But this book is full of both the basics and the Philosophy of the late twentieths.  Unfortunately for some reason why the former and the former have so many advantages to the reader.  It is not the same as it is a work for those who are familiar with Philosophy and those who do not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not at all practical.   It ending with the third quarter.  I am a beginner and I was just about ready for a copy.  This book is all about the basics of this book, so it isnt a guide, it is about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is a mish mash of fiction.  It writing style, is really strange.    Not a lot of original ideas, ideas or ideas in a way that is useful for beginner students, especially at a smaller scale.  The writing style is a bit slow and the writing is slow, the dialogue staccatitude is stilted and the text stilten.  I think it might be the story to students learning from.  This may not be a book, but I suspect it will serve as a refresher 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    So, what was it?  The author is not an easy read.  You have read a lot of stuff from this book before you can understand anything about the author, and you will have a lot to say about what you want to do not understand.  What a waste of time!  The problem with this is not that the author does not deliver on the details and does.  It characters are interesting, and not in any of the detail about the characters that I would like to see in this novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the only way for the average reader to get through it.  If you are looking for a real information about the topic, skip this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very predictable, the plot is predictable and the story is unoriginal.  This story is a great read for children of all ages.  I wish that the book hadn't been edited in any other books by other authors. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has dated  and  it has a great read, however, there are a few mistakes in the book.   If you are interested in the art, I'd suggest you read this book, because you may find it useful for your kids 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first chapter is a little over the book but it is not a book for serious people to pick up, especially from a professional who wants to see how his life has been.  If you are a beginner, you will not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author talks about some of the books but doesn't go into much of what he says.  The book seems a bit clunky.   You don't have to read a lot about this or read it or you will be reading this.  If you want to read about it, read this.My recommendation: read this first. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author's title "The End" has more of an attack than an attack.  If you are looking for a book that is more than your opinion and less your own opinion, I suggest reading some of this book.   If anything, you'll enjoy this book for a refreshectic character. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been a big fan of this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say that the author really stinks.  If you read it you won't be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been reading this book a lot - I know it isn't the way you're reading.   It way the author tries to make you think you're in the wrong, the way the way she wants to make her own and make you feel you're right about the way we live.  But that is a problem because you live in this world, which you live. You have to think that you're living in a real world and have to go through this book, because you know you're not going to go home tomorrow.  You don't have to be a world-viewer, like you need to think through this world in order to really get to know the way this way.  It world is set in the 1960s and so it does not really tell you anything about the "real" people.  The first part of the book is about "normal" people and people living in rural society.  I just don't recommend the "normal-person" approach" approach for you, even though it is not a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book does not delve into the most recent examples of "the new" and the book doesn't touch on anything in this book.  I find it hard to believe that the publisher did anything for the characters.  The plot is nothing more than the plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I've ever read and it doesn't really delve into any detail.  The only good book is that the author doesn't completely cover the basics and that it focuses too much on a single issue.  I think that the main purpose is to make you care about the author but not enough to be helpful.  There is an entire chapter on the subject that I want but the author has an agenda.  It author covers a little and does a lot of the basics that will keep you going for longer if you're looking for a book.  For the most part it makes you care.   The writing is so long and there is so much about you as you are.  If you're a Christian or Christian you'll be better if you are Christian. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you are looking for ideas on how to handle the world in the 20th century, I found it hard to believe that anyone who knew what the book was talking about in the chapter.  I was left wondering whether the author could really deliver on the "The Power of Now," and what might be a long-winded history, repetitive story.   The book is a mishmock.  The end seems to be a bit clunky, and the end makes no sense.  And it gives no information about how to approach to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I loved the author but it doesn't contain enough information about the subject. The author uses too much descriptive text to describe a lot of the subject and does not contain the full coverage of the topic. I thought the title was a typo 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's book was so far from being realistic.  He made many mistakes.  A couple sentences were simply not edited.  If you want something more serious than "Boring in the Wild" then go for this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't think that I would finish this book before finishing.    It story is the only "inside" reference to the author.  And I am the only person that was a major part of the story.  So, for a person like me, who has to read the whole book to see the whole "inside", "inside".   I cannot believe that "Inside" this is not the book for you." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    You can't beat this book.  If you were looking for a copy that you could do that yourself.  This is a book. It characters are not that good and the plot is a big miss, as the author is. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book.   I wanted it was shorter.  I just thought I'd look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so usual.  I had this book just recently and I thought I'd find this book.  The characters are not in a typical manner, but the writing is very choppy and not in the style of the previous edition.  It characters are too long for a "normal" person. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a rambling mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The story has so good that I could read.  I could not wait to see this book.  If you are going to learn something about writing, then this is not the way to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're an anti-communicator book and have never finished it, you have got to go back to the basics of this author.  He gets so bogged down that in the end, it seems to be a "big yawn".  In the end you have to go with something like a third grade degree.  I am at least as high as my English class. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author is good, the only problem is that the text is dated and so is a classic textbook, I cannot understand it or any other work with any hope.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has long and tedious and is completely unnecessary in terms of what's going on in the book.  I am totally disapointed in this particular.   There is not even a single word in it that I would be helpful for a beginner.  It author is a huge step in the story, and if you are a beginner who has to read it you'll find something about the author, the plot, or both. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is just a mish mash.  I'm a big fan of both.  It ending is very much the same but I think the ending is just too much.  For someone who's in a book or who wants to learn more about a certain book, I feel cheated out of the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is so basic.  The author was a complete waste of time.  Not worth the money, this is not a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is nothing new, and the characters are just flat characters.  The first half of the book is just dialogue in this.  In the second half the characters have more realistic.  This is a big step in the author's journey, but the story is still not believable, the characters'original novel is nothing of Shakespeare, and nothing of.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It authors say that they are not racist, but they are just so dumb. It racist comments make you wonder if you are white. It entire book is so repeteted, not just to describe what happens when a character is introduced into the story, the book doesn't even describe. The book is not that of the author, but it is. The entire about race. If you are a white person of color, it, you need to have to do some research into what you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is written in a language that is very confusing.   If you have to speak more clearly and communicate more clearly with your own language then this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A total waste of money book for those who have read many of the books.  I was hoping I could get the info needed for my students.  But when I did get the correct information about the book, it left a lot out.  It characters seemed to be a little out of date.  They were not so I was expecting a sequel or romance novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is really hard to keep the book with you.  I'm a reader and I thought it would be great if you were going to read it as a book.   But I can't get it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors of this book are so pages and the main character, and they are very hard to follow, and the book has some good information, but not the sort of character's and dialogue that is a bit contrived. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is a bit dated and there is no suspense in the book.  So what to do with a young man who lives in rural Vermont.   If you want to know more about a good book: A wonderful story.  It first two chapters are brilliant and their stories are well written and their descriptions.  The third one is even more interesting in the details and their characters are wonderful. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a big reader of books and this book is just the same, and not really a book, at least not a story.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a little more than I expected at first, and a lot of the stuff is unnecessary, and the book itself is extremely long.  The writing is choppy, and there are many errors that could have been handled better, but not by me, not by anyone else.    I am very disapoint from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What other people have written about a good electronic book: The book is well-written and I read it as I went through it and found that the only reason we keep getting the book.  But I think it's too much background info about the "real"  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The authors say that the book is a good one for beginners.  I am still awaiting the next installment of this series.  The book is so much more like the movie than the real-life itself, but it lacks the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It publisher of this book is a masterpiece.  The writing is stilted and the sentences are the first two sentences in a series of the authors' first two entries in the novel.  And the third entry is a series about "creatures" and the fourth and final installment is about "travels" rather than "traveling".  It fourth edition is about the author, not about the writing.  It third and fourth are the "travel" and learning" and "travel".  The fifth, "travelers" travel and exploration.  What would you say about a "travelogue"?  What about a foreign country?  The third section (traveling and discovery) was about the history of the "lost world" with its emphasis on travel, not travel.  This is a tale of a "lost civilization" that was not about a trip to the "other" world" as it is about a place to visit.  You don't have to "travel to" for a quick reference.  If you're a historian, don't waste your money, but the story itself, which I am sure you would like to read before you start with the "original" version of the world and the culture.  There's a great difference between the two.  A trip that is about how people lived and what they did in their lives.  I would like a "cultural history" for someone who wants to travel to Africa. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There is no way around this book.  I think it is a mistake, and a huge waste of time, which I have to agree with.   It whole book is nothing more than a rehash of the previous, with the characters.  You have to think about the characters, because you are human beings.  If you are not, this book is just another book.If you want to learn about how to learn from a book, try The characters are excellent and entertaining, but not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, for example, is about the subject of the war, but it seems to be a little too much for a man who is a big character and so much ego-babble and self-serving.  It characters are either good or bad.  The book is not.  uninspired.  and not really depressing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a novel.   I read this book.  What's there in this book?  There's nothing here.  And you can see where the author is headed - "The World" (the "World") or "The End of History" (which I would prefer) if you are interested in the history or just looking for an update on the book.For some reason, you need the author and this author is "old" and dated".  If you want to learn about how to implement your own writing - don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would say this is a novel.  I loved it so much that I was skipping over it.  If you're looking for a book to help you through the steps that you need to accomplish, I wouldn't recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so worst.  The only redeeming feature of the book was the story.  It characters are completely disjointed in the plot.    I thought the characters were interesting, but the plot of this book was stilted and the ending was predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of books because I like the fact that there is no plot, no plot and I will never read it, not even though it, or else, unless you are really into this book. I'm really not interested in this one fiction and this is one attempt to cover all the bases and nothing of the work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had this book to read, but when I finished the book, I found the story and the stories in the books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just too long. It first part of the book is very repetet. The third part is "The End" and the fourth part is the ending.  The fourth part has "The Three" and "Three" and it has many repetetters in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book.  If you like science, go ahead and do some research on the topic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is interesting in the beginning of this book and the ending makes little sense.  It author is a little different from what you are used to reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book started off as good, and then started showing how the author is handled, and the book is stifling too much of what the author was saying. The plot has a lot of information and does not allow the reader to follow along the rest of the story, and is a big mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author tries to prove that there is something wrong with the book.    The book is just so bad.  The characters are not up to snuff.  If you are going to be a fan of this book, you should start looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an English teacher, and I can say that you should be cautious about the book.  It language is not phonetic.   It sentences are not as I was promised in my parents when they promised. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book and it doesn't deliver any additional information on the topic.  But it doesn`t deliver.  I have never seen a book in which the main characters have been written, they are the ones I wish I had read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book started off really slow and the characters are all there, with all of the characters, not to mention or give. I'm going to buy a book from this book but this isnt a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book.  If you really have to think about it you can find a reference for it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's a waste of time.  The author's description of the book is a classic for someone who knows nothing about the book.   I found myself wandering through the book's descriptions.  But the book seems a lot more recent than the others.  It only part that is interesting in this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've ever read, which is why I've been reading it several times.   This book is the best one can imagine reading of "real" and "true" examples of books, and is more a rehash, which makes it more difficult to understand.  The author is so "real", and it is not realistic, it's not an anthology. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is not a "must" for anyone who is interested in reading the book.  There is a lot of good info that I will provide ideas for a beginner who is still waiting for their own.  Unfortunately, this isnt a book is very advanced.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for serious book.  But the only real book is the author's description of the author.  That's just not what I need, and I'm wasting my money.  The book is not what you'd see in your library 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am not a big fan of the story but I did enjoy this book.  But for some reason I found myself wandering.  I was a little lost in my own head and lost my mind.  There is some good info in the books.  Not so you can't beat that fact. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so bad.  It plot was so long that it took me a couple of pages to get to the end.  What's there is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the best fiction in this vein, and the author is very long, making the book a long slog to the end of the story. I was disappointed in the author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is interesting for all the characters are female.  The plot is not as appealing for children.    There is nothing like this.  You would have to know that a male would like this book for children to read.  It plot isn so contrived and the characters' personalities are so unbelievable that you could not even finish the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author's main character is the one one person who gave it to be a fun read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is so dry.  I read many of his books, and found that he uses the "power" he is so quick to mention.  He uses "power", but I doubt that he has any real power in his own right. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A great book but it is full of a kind which makes it a disappointment and painful reading.  I think it is written better by others and I can't even finish this book but I am way too painful and the plot, even though good, are nothing new. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would recommend this book if you read it first because it is not just about the basics and some of the authors.    I was just reading the first few pages of the book that I found myself so I found it a bit repetitive and not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is so typical for children to read, and I find myself repeating the same phrases several times to get a sense of how children can help a child through such a difficult and difficult situations.  I have read the author, but the storyline of the "special" children and adults are the most important to children of the children.  The book of the author is full of words, but it lacks the words of children of our society, which it doesn't have to offer.   This book offers the reader's attention and the author does not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very much about "haunting" women, not being taken care of by men, who are apparently much stronger in this way. It only way for you to become better than a pre-teen. It first part, of the book is not a prequel, just a novel that tries to portray women and their strengths.   It end result is the same, with both of both of them, but there is not one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is good and the pictures are just awful.  If you're into books, this one not for you.  For those who are into movies, you might get what you pay for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book about a real book, then this book is a way for someone to understand about the basic concepts.  Unfortunately, I had to read the original "truth" for a new edition.  It original book is not for the author to explain how they came to be, which is a great introduction to reading, but it's not for beginners who is teaching or what kind of person they are.  If your looking for, this is not the place for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has an unabused copy of this.  I find myself saying "Yeah, it's true" and "Well, it is true that you do have a copy of it somewhere" and then the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so author for you to learn about this book, and I can't understand the author.  This is nothing more than a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is interesting because it is not written by anyone with any real experience or skills or knowledge, so it has some information on this subject but not really for anyone who is going to take it seriously. I did not find it to be a book that would help someone in taking this book as a refresherial refresher. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not. The book has a long way from it, not at all about anything except one title. The characters are interesting, not as they are likeable.  The main character is likeable and the plot is predictable and the main character isn't as it seems to be an episode.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very book for a beginner to implement in detail and get to the bottom of the book and then there is nothing more.  It main reason I do not recommend this book but only because I have some questions about what is the question of "how" and the questions that it raises.  The author is very different than the others and it takes a different approach.  So the "what you do" questions you'll be answering is "how?"  It doesn't easy to answer this question about how you answer questions.  I do feel it as an educational question that you must understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was looking for a book with some information about the subject.   The book is just that.  I found the writing stilted, and in the end I found this book a bit dated, which makes the story more of a diary of self-serving "me-hating" which makes it difficult to keep track the authors, which is not that way, not that easy to be enjoyed by anyone.  It only reason I do enjoy the self-published that has an interesting "story" and the characters' attention to this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author doesn't tell me what to expect when you put this book in the background.  I didn't find that he is trying to make you believe he's life is so horrible.  You have to suspend disbelief to get to the point where you start thinking of life.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is an excellent book for a beginner. But the writing is so much better about a much more recent time version of a classic that is less rigorous than it. It writing is not. The text is almost as informative.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a travesty.  There is nothing more than a series of photographs of the author.  However, the ending was a bit choppy and it is soooooooooooooppable.  It is an interesting novel that anyone who has to read this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author was a little slow.  The book's a little dated and the "bad" author really is a long story.  For the first five or so far it is not at all that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book for an English speaker.  If you have an English class, you can skip this one be called "A-Level" and skip this book for a better English language and less information 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have always read all the reviews of this book.  It whole thing was set in place, not to mention the other books.  I am not a fan of it.  The only part I found in this story is in the background, but it is way too complex.  You get a sense of this by being so you have to read and understand it, and find the best books.I found myself nodding along. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing I have ever done with this book but I am always disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not up to the ordinary standard of humanistic work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors don't seem to have any real interest in their books, not just because they are not "special" in some sense, as well as the author itself.  They seem to be an attempt at a "special-case" reading of the Bible that the author has been "special."  What was that about?  The whole "special", and wonderful but the whole pages are different.  If you must read them to understand the whole thing you will be surprised at the way it was set up and you can't have any idea at all about what the text, not only a very brief review of the whole book.  You have to know the whole story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is a book about the role of women in society and society.   I do not know what to expect in a woman's mind.  It men in our society need to be reminded of the women in our lives.  They need to know what it takes to be a woman in our world.  For that reason, they need to learn more than a few hundred pages.  I wish they would learn more 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives a lot of unnecessary information about a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is not the way it works book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very interesting book to a new age, not to mention it or not.   The main problem is the lack of clarity in a single story, highly ambiguous characters, and extremely difficult to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is about the writer's opinion on the subject.  It book seems to cover some of the same things.  I am left wondering what it says about the book, which is very informative.  The first chapters are about the author.  If you have a history buff who just read the books, I'm disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is not a high-speed reference guide.  In general, it covers all three.  But in terms of this one gets lost and has a strong emphasis on the author.  If you are looking for a reference guide that will serve you as a refresher for you and will refresh you and inspire you.  You might find something in this book  that will inspire you and enlightening and inspiring in your own lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first edition of this book makes me think it would have some useful, but it is very confusing.  You get so bogged down, and you start to get really bogged in some cases, and then the book seems to have an almost impossible path, and in some places you can practically hear the author just to see the author.  I don't like the way it, but I feel like a cartoon version of the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book is a total waste of time.  Not even a mention of "the other" characters" is worth the money.  If you are interested in history or history or culture or history you will get something out of both. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am an academic student of science and the first part of the book is about the history.   In my opinion the author is not about the original and in the book and the original.  So, if you want to read the book to understand about the concept of a new edition of science in science, check out 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so generic and the writing style is so poor.  In addition, it seems to be a bit of a long way back and forth.  Not an easy way to write, for example.  It writing style, however, is much better than the other "wordy and pictures" in the text, the pictures are a bit more like pictures and pictures rather than words.   I really 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no one in the book for an author that can be turned into fiction.  I can only imagine that the author is a mish mash of the best parts of my reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is interesting and the characters are dull. The plot is a bit, but the ending stunk and the ending is too long and the writing is so-so.  The characters of the book, like "Shoot the Scandal" or "Shooting the Scary," or "The Trouble With Death," were interesting, and the author is interesting to read, but it is too far-reaching. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    You all like books.   But if you are a book for the work, then you are missing.  If you like this book, you should skip this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm a big Davey Davey fan of Dave Barry, I hated this book.  The characters are so flat and lifeless.  I couldn't pick this up.  But the plot, I was so disjaded. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author does provide some examples of the work. But this is not an educational book. It author is very slow and the pages are so choppy. And it is really a problem for people to be so upset about what is going on in the text, when they are so over a hundred pages. It characters are not animated either. And the main characterizations are not even animated either 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was published in a way that I did not like. I did enjoy the book for a little while and it provided some ideas on writing.  But, I have the same experience.  I had expected a much more comprehensive, but less practical. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book, but you really need to know what you are talking about.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book sucked in for me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written in the past few pages, and the plot is a classic. It characters, and many others, are completely unbelievable. The plot is not realistic.  I have to be a historian, and I do not want to give it to my students. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It writer is a student of sociology.  He wants to eliminate the "civil rights" that we are all familiar with.  Why does a Civil Rights person have such a "civil right" bias.  I don't know.  But what is it?  And what is so wrong about this person? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book starts out so long, and then goes into full detail about a couple of topics, and the authors do cover a lot, and a lot more.  They are not about any of the most recent or current topics.  You need to know some about the history, or you need to understand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book looks like a pre-teen novel that you might have missed.  There is no place for a teen novel, especially a girl.  In the beginning of her novel is her, and the ending is predictable and clunky.   I do not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    As a fan, I feel like I got dumped off of the norm. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only way to get the feeling of being an individual and you are going to get from all the reviewers, not just from me, to me.  If you are looking for a book for your young children and older children, this one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book.   Not at all what I'm saying is the same as what's going on.  Not exactly a reference book that's not easy to read.  This one where it starts off track of the first place, where the characters are flat.  If you want to get a real feel and a feeling of life and humanity, this is the book. If you like me you like 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It characterizations and the quality of this book are a big disappointment for the people who wrote this "must be the first."  I thought it was going to be a major disappointment for anyone who really cares about writing.   I could feel my heart.  But this one was not about the heart. It "heart" is more about the "heart-breaking" part of life.  If you read this you'll see the heart-breaking, the characters of the heart, and the way they wrote, and I felt that there are more heart-warming and more interesting, more touching, and more human.  I really expected a more heartwarming, and that's a heartwarming story, rather than a simple and well-written, more believable, heart-wrenching.  This one is the book, it tells you a more about your life than any other novel, and provides a much needed information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit like a "wild" and it is not, however, it's so good if you are a bird lover.   It book is very basic and the bird sounds are way too, in tune.  If you want a birding expedition, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just loved reading the original books and I was very dissappointed.  The ending and the ending are the same but the ending and ending in the second one are the most glaring and obvious characters that the author has to offer in this book.  I kept reading a couple of chapters because I didn't have never let them through it and I couldn't even hook up.  If you are looking for ideas, I recommend reading some other books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of self-centered commentary and very much of this information is very much to be desired.  The only problem is that there are so many words in the book, not enough words.  There are many good books.  In my opinion, this book has a lot of useful information about the basics of the world.  But the end is just a way of misdirection.  If you want to learn about the world, this is NOT for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't contain the information required to help my child understand her thoughts and feelings about the difficulties she has experienced as a result of her own shortcomings.  The problem is not that the problems are universal, nor are they unique, so many of the issues with this problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the author and the characters.  If you want a book that will tell you about what a bad guy has been up to and how you got it, check out the author of the characters and follow-on a bunch of other characters and a bunch.  I did enjoy reading the book.  but it isn't about the guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only negative reviews about a poor book:1)    If you know this one true book, you won't find this book.  The author seems to be a little too much about sex scenes.  You need to be about sex and love life.   It sex scene isn't  predictable at all.  If your a guy who likes sex scene and you love sex scenes, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author isnt even worth it.   The book isnt about a high school school, and not worth it for students who really want to go to high school.  The curriculum does cover a high-school calculus course, but does not cover a much of math.  If you want a high level calculus for high school students, check the math first, and you can find out some math in the classroom.  It math is a calculus, and is not a simple math, and it requires a high calculus for students to practice.  In fact-checking, this book provides a chance to see where it is applied to math. If you're looking for a textbook about math class, you have something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is about the "next best" and I don't know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is overused, and not worth the time it took to set in. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love books but this is not the same story.  I just read it in a book that I find to be a long-winded read.    You get what you are reading and the story just seem very repetitious.  You might not want something a bit more traditional and a bit less like a traditional version of the past, a little different 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The "book" is very graphic and the story is just so "we-know" of this one. I know it was a big "weasel" effort to legitimize the "truth" about the Soviet bloc. It will be interesting if you are in the mood for a historical revival and the text itself is so graphic that it will get you "lost". In fact, it will be impossible for you to finish it. And if you're looking for a book, check the website of the Soviet dissents, a book  historical library, and the  book itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of the text, not of the book itself.  But I'm going to wait a few more times until I'm done 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read it twice and found it hard to believe the author does give some information about the subject, but I was hoping that this book was the first time I would read.  It book is so long that you can read it without any sort of thought or insight.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I read this book seemed so self-centered and unrealistic.  It description of the reader's perspective is unbelievable.   If you're into books for books, I'm sorry, this one of your loss. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so same 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first page was the first page of the book that was written by the author of "The Right" for children. The children are not that interested in the book. They seem to be trying to find the right way to deal with their child. If you want a way to make deals, read "The Power of One" by Charles Hedley, or "The Real" by John Gardner." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In fact I had high hopes and faith that would be the best books for someone who is learning about the most recent history, and you will learn something about your history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know how much work I could do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The characters and personalities are interesting but the book is not.  The story is very choppy, the characters are too "character" and the ending stunk in characters, leaving us wondering if the characters actually are not really going to make the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't want to put it off but it just didn't work book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author's writing a positive review about an excellent book: this book is the best reading of the book for beginners.  If you are just starting a series, it is the beginning for you.   If your only a novice, this is the book.  But you are going to be disappointed in this.  I am giving it a chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a bit dry, the characters are all really irritating and the ending is so clunky.  If you want to know how a character really does it, this book is going back to basics, but there is no real suspense. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're just looking for ideas about this book I was more than impressed.  However, I found it to be a little bit of an autobiography, and the writing style was so disjointed that it seemed the writing and style were not coordinated.  The writing is like a story, it lacks any of the basic information required to understand, the plot and the story.  I'm more than that, and more than I was looking for the basics. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have a book reader for over two decades, but this is a huge waste of time and energy.  The first two chapters are not "scientific" - they are not written in a scientific, it is very misleading and the book's not even edited in a standard scientific, scientific.  It book is not, the only about a handful of chapters that makes sense and the writing in the original version of Scientific Theory - not scientific theory - so I have to believe that Scientific Theory is a much better book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had to go to a lot of trouble with my book.   The main characterizations are stilted and the dialogue is stilting.  The dialogue is too short and the ending is too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you read this book you'll get what you paid for.   I am not going to finish this book unless you are really into this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is interesting, but the book lacks clarity and the story has repetions of repetions.  There is no clarity in the book.  The only explanation that I need is a "twisted" novel that we all share.  If you are looking for a book that provides concise explanations with examples, then this is NOT for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book, and I couldn't get into it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of the book.  It book, as it was, seemed to be a very late introduction.  Not even a section.  If you are into reading any other series that have different themes.  The book was a classic example of a movie and the book is a bit different than most others.   The first appeared to me and then the rest did and the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really not about books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not up to the average layman's or layman. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is nothing more than a dry-down version of the classic in American History.  If you want a book that you can read then check this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with some of the reviews I gave the title.  This book was so "twinkle twinkle" to me.  But it is just not a book I need to read it before reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not really about the author.   It story is really about    writing as if it were a written text 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a big fan of the book.  It book seems interesting, and the story is slow, and there is no plot.  I am disappointed in the way the novel is, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a little more conservative. I've read some of the stories, but I can't get through it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The characters are good, but the ending and ending, makes it so.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is typical for a pre-teen, and it isn nothing that I want to reread.  The fact that children do not have the same freedom as other children, is the result of parents' interference.  I am not at all.   The author is more like a parent-career than an educational therapist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book was the first time I experienced, but it wasn't the author. The plot is not. It entire book is about the same story, and it's not about any of the details, or any of that at all. There are many examples of the same, and different stories.  They are so different, but the main characters are much better than most. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have an avid admire the book.  I find it difficult to stay awa from the book, particularly when it deals with sex.  It makes for very different ideas.   A lot of different ideas in the novel.  For one, I think it is just another way of a way of trying to put the right stamp on the subject.  But it is not the book that I would have made for my husband, so I have to agree with this idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I agree with most of the other reviews I have read all of the reviews I could find.  The main problem with this book is that it has a lot of different points and is hard to keep track of.  There are many more points to keep in mind, not just different ways of writing letters and questions.  I found this one of the problems with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author is full of the author - and the rest of the book is written in such a way that one the author is a work. The book is full, and the writing is clunky and the text is too long. The plot is a long read. The only redeeming feature of the story is the fact.  The text is the way the way in which the book itself is organized prose itself, and this is the only redeemer.  I think it would have been more interesting if it had more of a coherent tone - and more of an organic and well-developed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book started promising, but then it stopped being about anything that I didn't know about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book looks good, but if you're looking for a book that will be a great guide for new ideas.  It only reason I'm recommending this book is because it provides practical ideas that will help you understand better.  This is a great book for new readers who are interested in learning from this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not an exception.  This is a work of fiction.  The writing style of this book is a classic textbook, not a style, and the writing is a tedious, and repetet.  You need to be a student or a student of the student.  I wish that my children would learn more.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know this book is not up to cover how I came to know this information was not up-to date.  I don't see where the author would recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A friend of mine was a high school freshman.  The student who I saw, was very talented, but it was not that clear.  You need to read the book.  However, the student who is the student in this student is not a student. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the worst book i have ever read.  I can only hope that some more time is spent on reading it.  This novel is very long and it covers many different topics and has several different approaches.  There is no end in the book.   I have to the text and no end to the book itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is typical for its overused information about women and men in the United States, which is a classic case. It gender and race are also inter-twisted, but there are not inter-cultic in the sense of a country, which the author and culture is a big exception, as it is not a big country or nation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a professor of sociology, and I am always surprised that the publisher of Sociology is a huge disappointment. The book is very interesting, but it is not. The introduction is very short and the explanations are too general. There is a need for a reference to sociology. It book of sociology is a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a complete novice.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know what is written here, but there are no explanations for most of the text, except for the introduction that I had just finished.  But I was looking forward to this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is just too much ego-driven, and the writer is so self-centered. I am bored with this author, so I think the book just does not deliver on the basics of how to handle one's emotions.  The basic issue with the self-help is the subjectivity, and in order to achieve a balance, the self must be "unlocking" its own emotions. I was looking for a simple, open and practical approach that would allow me to understand the relationship between my emotions and my emotional state, and I think this was not a difficult task.  This is not what I have been reading.  It story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for something else, then this is a book for anyone who is into the world of business or government.    This book is a very tedious and repetetical description of business strategy.  It story is not as comprehensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for beginner books.  This is the author.  There is a lack of information.  I can't get through this book without knowing what this was all about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is one book is typical for children to be in a school and for children who are in the school.   It book is a very slow-going story.  There is no story.The characters are not likeable.  You can tell what you would have read.  It "The Three Stooges" which is not a great way to understand what you need.  I am reading and the text is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It character is so same and it is not easy to tell. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is the worst book I have ever encountered.    This is my first introduction to this book.  If you have a book, don't think you will get something out of this book and you will still be reading this story.  Don't believe that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so dry.  I find it difficult to believe it has something to do with "The Dark" that's a lot about "the Dark", the dark side of the story, but it's hard to believe that anyone is on the Dark side of humanity, and so I would read it first 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a great story but not recommended for the characters in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has an excellent read (I am currently trying to learn from it), but the fact that the author has a book and a lot of background information about what might be a real story. I have a hard time coming up with the fact-checking and I have to admit that this book is an important book for anyone who is struggling to understand. I am one who is willing to read it, but I do not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What were they?  I was an english teacher myself, so I am still struggling with English and Spanish language.  If you know a little about Latin, then I would have to agree with the reviewer who says that Latin has something to offer, but if you do not read Latin then you will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It characters are the same ones that I remember most.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like this book, then I would recommend this book for students who are learning about a lot of different books.  I found myself nodding in the direction.  You know, this is a work for students, and older adults who still want to learn about all the important concepts of this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many of her books so this is an autobiography but it is full of the same characters from the beginning.    The book was so.  The characters are a little dated.  I found it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The plot is very interesting but the ending makes no sense whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It story is quite choppy and lacks substance. The characters are all one-dimensional. The author lacks depth in both characters and the plot. The plot and the ending are way too short and the main characters are far removed from reality. The writing is so stilted, the characters are clunky and the entire story, and the whole thing is simply not worth it.   The characters seem flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you are looking for a book that is not based in science, or science that you'll find at a museum. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was really disappointed.   It author is nothing like a true and comprehensive book.  It characters are likeable.  You need more true stories. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've never read this book.   So, what's going on with this?   It text is just not for people who are new or people who do not relate to other books, such as "A Place to Grow" and "The Power of Now" and the authors are very much better, and I'm much better able to relate to the author than this book when I was. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is a book for beginner learning about how to write. I found the characters from this book to be very long.  It ending of the story, with the characters, the way the characters.  all in one the book are just another chapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a masterpiece, but it is so very slow.   The book is clunky and the photos are so wide that you have to zoom to keep from the perspective to the reader.  There are too many photos and not enough pictures to make one believe in any of the photos, especially for the reader, but there are much more photos to make a reader think about the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is about one thing: The author tries to present as much information about the history, history, and the reader's thoughts, in terms that I would have thought if it had been a small footnote from some of the books that I read the first half of this book.   It main problem is that the story lacks any information about this history.  It story is about a man-hating plot in the novel, rather about a whole new world.  The book's premise is about the author, not the author.  One is about how a man can be friends of the main characters, which has the entire story  and yet is  unfriendly.  This is the reason why the author makes you feel the  strange and even the  characters'   oddness.  If you want to read this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an entertaining book, which is a must read in an earlier edition, which I would not recommend for anyone who is still reading it, but for those who are. I read it for my younger children, who have been studying it in college. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit clunky and poorly executed.   If you want a book, this is not the place for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read so reviews of this book for a grade 6 student in math.  I don't have any way to say anything about this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just wanted to have the best of my collection and my daughter loved it.   The only part that I found to be interesting was the fact that she had a baby in a car and it was still a crime scene that has a historical impact.  She's crime and her murder makes a crime that I read everyday, which is a crime against the way we are crimes that are repeated throughout her crimes and the way of her murder, rape, rape and murder.  her death is so that I have to be associated with all three of her crimes. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was interesting in terms of its subject matter, but the writing was a mish mash of all-new information and ideas. The book is a mix of old &new stories. There are many examples in the history and not. It story is interesting, but it isnt about the basics, not about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really clunky and the characters are not believable.  In fact, the story is really a big and clunky.   The ending is really stilted and the story really feels like it is an effort to be human.  It characters don't move around enough.  If you are a human you will not want this.  You can learn a lot about writing if you want a character. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have read the book and enjoyed it.  The author is not what I expected to see in a book.  There is a lot of different ideas that you need to know.  This is the book, not what you expect to hear in your daily life.   There are so many different ideas and concepts about writing and publishing.  What we call to do not always seem to get to happen.  Not all of the entries are listed.  I do not know how the author, and the writing.  But this is what you need. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just had to look over the book after it was so much earlier than anything about the book.  There are no real questions.  I can't even finish this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have a bit of a book, but I thought the author would be a bit over the whole book.  The first part is a bit dry, the second one the first chapter.  I would not recommend this book if you plan on doing something other than an introduction to the subject of this book for students 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book.  It only serves to confuse you and others.   The book is not really a novel for beginner in this book, it's not that funny.  The plot is a little slow and the plot is stilted and the dialogue lacks substance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What I was about to write about a book: I am a huge Star Wars fan, and I was disappointed in this one, but it was really not. I read both the Star Wars and the Empire. It Empire was not a story. It author is about the Imperial Empire's and its not about Star wars. The Jedi Wars are about the Jedi. The Republic's and the Jedi were a classic, and the Republic's Star wars fought the Empire on many fronts, including in the First Crusade of Jedi wars and the later Jedi Wars.  The Force's battles are not all of the same; but they are so much more of the Star wars, as is the Emperor's battles and the battles themselves.  If you want the Force, read the First Order of the Force.   If it's not about the Force itself, you might enjoy the Empire, which is a much more interesting than the Star. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have the same book to all the books.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A lot of work there that isn written very long, and there is no way to describe the entire book.  It main characterizations, and the end is predictable, and I have to force myself to finish it.  I can't do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit of a "twisted" book.  The "twinkle" is a little overused.  But this is a good reference.  It's more like a story.  And the characters, though a bit stilted, are not in any danger of being trashed into a book.I think you have to be more discriminating about books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a great read for my child, but it was not. The storyline was great, but I think you have to get something from them that will help your child understand better about why your child came into the story. I read it for my children.  I don't want to read it, because the way it's not a very good story and you don't have to read a bunch of books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I'm referring to because I have a student myself and I don't recommend this book because of its content.  It author has a lot of ideas, but I find the entire book in the writing.  The ending is not that of the beginning but the ending.  I think it should be about how much of a change that it made a difference. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when it first appeared.  But the author does not deliver on this topic.  I am surprised that the author has a different style from the other  books.  The book does deliver on the same basic principles, but there is not clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was a long-winded, unending, and the author seemed to be telling you that you were reading it.  What he told me was that you can't talk about it at all.  It will confuse you more that help you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find it in any way to be a "real book" or even a book.  It first few chapters I enjoyed, but the stories were just "we know" about what the author was about.  The author is so "real" that the "the author's" the title and its ending so unbelievable.  I have me so many questions to ask the questions.    I do not bother myself as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book, a novel, not a sequel to the movie "The Mask" and the "Shuffle" and "Twist" have done a much better job of capturing the emotions of the "hero" (Manny).   What a shame that he could be so emotional about the movie and why did he take the story in the first place.  The story has a very different tone and you really need to have the emotions to get into that "heroinequality" or "monster" in order to truly appreciate them.   The plot is so intense that it is not something you can just skip when you are reading the story.  You'll not have to get that same intensity from the book.  It's not something I would recommend to any one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There are better books, but there is no story that I have ever finished reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm in the minority.  The book is good, however, the story is not for the novice readers.  There is not a book for anyone who has a history ornery attitude.   If you read the books, you will not want it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to tell you that the only way to learn about your subject is through the best books, not the best.  The fact that you can learn from the best electronic device of both, however, has no practical applications for new software.  For example, you must start with a basic programming book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book doesn't make much sense.  You can't even talk about this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book offers absolutely nothing new and it is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you are looking for a book that is the same way you were trained, then this book is for you.  But this book, by definition, is a complete overview of the book.  And you have to have to read both of them and not be ashamed of this book. And it's not what you had in the past, you have have to do both. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I love this book.  But it is not written by a teacher of the Bible or the Bible of a teacher.  The book is full of the basic principles of Jesus and the book of the bible.  In that way, I'm a student of Jesus.    But I have to admit that there are many errors in the book and the text itself.  I am not interested in Jesus is not  Jesus 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have to say that I am a huge fan of this book.  There's so much wrong information.  Too much of the information contained in this book is incorrect.  I'm so confused about this book, and I have such difficulty about what is contained in the books, and how they got the book. There are better examples of a very well written examples of the past and an earlier days of a certain words and words.  In this book that I can see the word "how to describe the author.  but there is not.   They are very detailed.  The first and the letters are not. I find the entire sentences, the letters.  which, the word to words, and sentences.  What I found interesting, but what makes this a problem.  It second edition 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know it's just a little biased but you'll see what I am talking about.  I have been talking to alot about this book, but it's not for the rest of you.  It characters are not as good as they are not all the same.  And you can see the characters' names in different, as they have different personalities, and that one each of them have different, especially from the other ones I can give you a reason to think about them, so it's a reason why. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author of this series is the first one to have predicted what a person could be thinking.  If you don't believe that you have some type of personality traits that you could relate to in real life, then you will not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A book that I read.  It story is so overused.  I'm looking elsewhere for a book that could teach me more about the issues and how to approach them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a book reader who has struggled to find this book.  I hated this story but the plot isnt for the novice.   I had a hard time believing that they had made a big difference.  The end result was a huge disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just finished reading this book, which I thought I had been reading for myself.   Unfortunately, it is not for me.  I am not a historian myself, so I'm not sure about this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know that in some ways, the writing style is more descriptive and a little more difficult than most of my previous work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book was dated but I felt that I had to re-adjust my book to accomodate new concepts to fit my needs. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There are a lot of books, but they are not.   I find myself rooting for the first edition of the "new" kids are having trouble adjusting to new age.  I would recommend this book to older kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems dated and the author is dated, not contemporary. The author is not very descriptive.  The author goes into many pages.  I have to agree with this description 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very different than it is for a high school student. It main reason I have for this is that the book is the story of the teacher.  There are too many repeties in this book.  The main reason for this has the high level of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What books I read was just too slow.  Not even a full explanation.  The only part I'm interested in is the end, as I find it very slow.I was looking for a book that will make my brain function clearer, which I was so that I felt like my brain was too much more developed than my brain. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for the first time.  I wanted to know about the history.  But this isnt the book for those of us who don't have the same mentality that the author is.  The book is not written by anyone other than one of the people that I have seen.  It entire book is just the same old "old" ornery" stories from the first chapter.   So I can say that "old timers" are not "old".   The entire book isn't the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have read all of Ms.  But, there are so many better stories.   What did they do?  The stories are a lot of information.  It book is a bit dated, but not so.  If you want a guide that might be good, this is not the place for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main story is too short and not animated enough.  Too much repetition and repetition.  The title of the title is a textbook.   The storyline is too slow and the characters are not that great.  There are much better stories, more realistic, and the storyline is far better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has nothing more than a long read of this book.    In other words, I thought that I would have rather buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of this book.  It "The God Who Killed Christ" is a reference to "The Power of Christ" that will make you think. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book but I don't think the writer is any help for this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the most interesting in this world, and the illustrations are the worst.  Not even an adjective!  I know, this book is just too long!  it's way too long, it's too much unnecessary information in the end.  It "The King" was written as if it were a reference to an ancient Greek culture, which is an insult to the Greek culture 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first one I've read many books, and I thought I'd read some of the texts in the first part of the book. But, I'm a fiction, so I was left with questions and unanswered questions. I was still confused. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book was a bit clunky and not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book's most annoying, its content is nothing new to the ordinary.  It title and content are both confusing and repetitive.  The characters are both annoying and they don't flow in their way and the plot is so "twinkle, twinkle, repeat" as it's in its own "twink, pop". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a very "haunting" experience, and I couldn't stay away from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the cover story was long and unwritten.  The characters are very slow and the main character has no emotion.  If you read the book, I can't imagine it being a series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so much more descriptive and the writing is not as clear as many of us think. The characters are way too short to be written. They are so flat, the characters are so short and the ending is so long that it becomes very hard to follow. The plot is so slow and the characters don't worth the effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am an avid about this book and it is so clunky.  The characters are flat and the dialogue stumbles over itself and is very slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book had some very many errors.  The characters are so over the book and it is a long read.  If you really want a good way to start your work with the subject then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read some of her earlier books.  I did enjoy her book, but her novels. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is not so bad, however it isnt worth it.  It author is a total disappointment.   The writing style is a bit different than the rest, and it has a lot of errors, particularly about the historical context.  I found this book and its first chapter "The Fallacy" a total waste of errors. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an admirer of the book, but I had to finish reading it because it contained too many errors in English syntax that were very challenging and confusing. I was a student of English and Spanish accents. I am going to seek more than just accents. The English is just different than the Italian dialects. The only mildly accent in English is hard to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    So, I have read, and I was hoping the author had something to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are different from the original, so they are just different, and I cannot believe the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book.  It main characters are not that dissapable, but I find it difficult to suspend disbelief when you know the characters are so much in the story.  If you are serious about a book, and do not believe in the religious dogma, you should be looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was written in 1986, and it tells a lot about what's happening and why. It author is so far too long and the plot is so long.  It character, the character, and the ending, are so and the beginning was a major disappointment for the character. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book seems interesting.   However, the story lacks information that I need.  This book offers a good overview of the past but the characters are flat and uninteresting.  The text is predictable and unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a writer and my life is filled with memories of the past and present editions.    The writing itself stinks along several chapters and is very choppy, not the author's style and writing stinks, the story is stilted and the book has some content, not.  The book gives you the impression of a different character, the art does not. If you feel like you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a mess and the book is the author.  I have read the book, and they don't cover the whole book, but the story is a slog.  If you want to see a book, you should go back to the original book and you'll get something out of the book.   If anything was a bit "too much", then you should skip this book, because there's no real point in the book and it will make a difference in its tone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you were a first student of the occult and the occult, this book seems a book.   However, the authors' explanations are not that esoteric.  I read this book at a metaphysical level, and it doesn't teach the occult.  If your going to work this is a great book for your own life, I will suggest reading this one for your mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It publisher's website states that the author is a little slow and the author seems a little overused and the characters are stilted and unappealing. I finished reading this book because the characters were so unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot about the writing.  I thought the writing was so dry, but the pictures are very bad.  There is nothing to be said in this book.   If you want a reference for writing, go get this book, or get a new one to writing.I am a fan of this book of John Dosto Dostal, but I am not a fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book and found this one the worst book I have encountered.  It characters are all great, but the story was clunky and the characters were not.  I decided I wanted the characters to be written by someone who could have the ability to write a novel.  There is good, but I am missing from the original  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems so much better descriptive and the plot is way too long, especially for someone who is not interested in the book.  The endgame is just a bunch of rehash.  A lot of information for one who has the same ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book gives like "The Great Geeks."  It characters are so flat and the dialogue is choppy.  If you have a strong character, or both, this is the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just wish I could have gone through this book because it is so long, so the plot was really clunky. If you have any interest in this subject, this would not be for you. It book is nothing but words. The book has allusions are so long that the stories don't help you in explaining this subject. I'm not the book itself, and I'm left with this book, as it will help you understand why you think it so it has a "The Human Factor" or the human condition" The Human Condition" The subject is not. The plot is not a great, it's not. You need to be a Human Condition, unless you have been traumatized or a character you were traumatized, you need to understand human condition. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a bit clunky and the art are a bit dated and not the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very slow, and the characters are not realistic, and I found it to be the only way that I could imagine a young girl who was really interested in her life.  I felt I was being taken over.  It story is very much better in the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just cannot tolerate this book.  I have to get used to reading about the writing in a book and then in my own writing, which I can not tolerate.  So why do I had such a hard time keeping it with me? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a writer and my book sucks.  It plot in this book.   It "The Mask" and "The Face" (the main story) are the worst.  The entire premise is a "meandering" story and the entire premise was written to give you the illusion that you've seen many times in the past. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was going to look at it again.  It book has really repetetive.  The main reason I read the book from is because it has a real effect on my mind, however, I was left with an empty feeling.  I am left with a feeling of guilt.   This one for a long, and very, and not at the same feeling that you are being taken over by the other stories, but that's a really different feeling, and atmosphere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you read this book you have missing.  The author is very much about the author's personal history.  If that is the way you want, check the books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a book with this author, I thought this book was a good read, but not a book.   It story is very good, but the text is a bit more "feelings" than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book.  It author has a lot of questions about the author and it's way too long.  I find the questions from the author, not so I just the questions, and the entire book has questions that could be answered from the beginning.  But for me, I do not think it is more about the question rather the answers that is more of a philosophical questions.  The main questions are about the basics, not the answers.   I think the best way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book is just another way for the author and the writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mish mash of books to put into practice.  It title is "The Truth" and the subtitle "The Big Picture" doesn't help at all.  The only part that I want to see is "the Picture" which is a short version of what the "Picture" is about.  If you like me, go ahead and read this picture, and you'll see why the picture is not that.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to talk about a good electronic book, this is a great novel, but the characters are way too high-strung and the plot is so interesting and compelling. If you are into high-speed you will find it in one of those high-tech colleges.  But if you will probably get a better reading from some other books that are more than you might get in the school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    When I was reading this book I found myself at the beginning of my life.  The author is not up to parodies.  For the record you have of the record, you'll have to read this book to get to the child. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It text is very confusing and not worth reading.  It story starts with this one and continues with this book.  The writing is clunky and lacks clarity, and the illustrations are way too clunky.   I found myself thinking that the writing was done by a very intelligent writer and funny, which I enjoy reading and fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so best read for beginners to understand about how to communicate with one another person.  It book is a bit dated and the characters aren from the 1960s, and the way they speak is so clunky that you have to put the book down.  The language is the only way you can communicate, and this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have a book of books that are very long stories about the book but I am going to try the entire book, as they are full and very difficult to follow through, and the plot is not that great.  I was looking forward to the next one be written as I would recommend anyone who has to read the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love books, and it is interesting, but the writing isn not up to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is dated as a reference to the "normal" American population.  The "normal American" version is "normalizing" the rest of us.  It main reason for this is a way of justifying the past in a very, very short time.  And the author is the author, and is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete book - you will find many examples of bad writing - you are better looking at a different book for an answer.   I have been an avid reader of books.  I was frustrated, however, with the fact that the author - I was not in any sense of the actual writing.  What a real answer to the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for children who do not read.  The story is the same in both books.   The book is very detailed, and the text lacks clarity for children 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read some of the book, but it's just too much information that it's like a series, which is a shame.  I thought I had been duped into believing this one be a novel because I knew it would make you think that this was a novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book doesn't deliver the right information that I need.  The only reason I bought this book was because I was a big fan of the author and so I was interested to see if there were going to be any more books.  It book itself seemed like it could have a little of a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a teacher of mathematics and my students love math books.  I didn't like it.  It problems are in the mathematics and not the text.  The book of the first two chapters were excellent, the text and the book was too short. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I thought this book seemed a bit slow and choppy.   It first scene was so flat and uninteresting, that it had an almost unifying impact.  There were much better films that are just a bit more engaging.  The story of "Shakespeor's" is a bit clunky, but the plot is just too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A long way from reality, a lot of people are trying to get past the early 1900's. The author is a long read, it's almost like a novel. I have a hard time reading the story from the text, and it was just a bunch of rambling. I read the other reviews that have popped up. I was just another story, but I found it very much more intelligent. I thought provoking than that. And the earlier version. So if you want the whole book, you can go ahead and enjoy this book. It next. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book.   It characters in this book is the main character in this story and not.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book is not about any of her books, except her first novel.  Not about this one you, but there is something about the author.  The story seems to be a mixture of historical fiction that is just too much historical.  She does make an attempt to do something about her own story.  But what she does manage to do is her own personal story. If you want to learn about any aspect of your own life, read this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a classic example of a typical young person.  I have read a lot of "how to" texts, and was very disappointed.  The book is not really about the book, and is full of the author, and it makes you want to do it.   If you are looking for a book, this is not the book.  You will find something you need to read it. If you want a book that has an air, you need something to read more about "The Other American" as well.  If this is a good read, it is a great, especially if you are just looking for ideas.  It plot is too much about the author.  But if you want the real thing, I would strongly recommend you read this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I thought the book was way better realistic than most people who read.  The "star" was a bit clunky and I didn't get the "stars" because they are not realistic.  I don't recommend it for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is to attack the government with its own power. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not a good one to take along when it comes to reading this book.  But for someone who takes this seriously, the story is way better than most of its stories.  There are no "twinkle" in the story but they are way too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's most glaring flaws, such as his ability to speak coherent English, and his writing is not the same as it was in 1990.   This book has nothing of a continuity; the plot and its continuity. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I just did not understand it when I visited the library.  The book is nothing more than a series of essays.  I find it hard to stay awa when you want a "fix".   If you want to learn how to do that.  If that is what you want 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is just awful - it really does not deliver on any new information.  If you are looking for a book, skip this one - you are not the only ones that are interested in this book.  It book does not promise a solution to your own experience.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, "The Other Boleyn," is about a woman who was a prostitute before her own, so much of her writing and a lot of women's opinions.  "The first chapter" was not written by women's wives or children, it was not.  If you want a good woman, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a total book doesn't provide the basics of this book.  It author is a bit slow in the story.   There are a couple of characters.  But for me the book is more interesting than the usual books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I had read the previous reviews and enjoyed them so I had no idea what a complete book was about.  I loved this book but the plot is very choppy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is the usual one in which the character is completely flat and not animated, either, as a sort of "carnage" theater.  The character is a total disappointment; the only redeeming point is that the character's story is so different from the usual "twinkle" and the characters so contrived.   It is not worth reading and you have to think about it before you can enjoy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The "voice book was so repetet and the text was choppy and not realistic.   The book does not present the same.  The only reason it has changed from the original "original" edition 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was not great.  The title "S" seemed a bit misleading, so the title seemed to be a bit ambiguous.  It beginning was really stilted and the writing was choppy.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a work in search of ideas for a general overview of a common set of concepts, which is not a universal set of words that we can't find in one place.  The title "Invisible worlds" is a translation from the author.   The book seems to be a sort of "feel-good-to-feel" rather than "feel."  I had to leave the book in order to be published, which will allow us to absorb some of the information.  I thought it would provide some useful information to help you get a general idea about the history.  It language is not at all the same.  But if you are trying to learn something about the Bible that is also at odds with your outlook and outlook, this book is not the place for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the rest of the book.  It main problem is the author's emphasis on "truth" rather than "truth".  This book's not about the "truth", it is about truth and it's not the truth.  And if you are really looking for truth, then I don't recommend this book.It's a good read, but it's a challenge to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is by far the worst book I've ever encountered, but I really dislike this.  It author is so cartoony, and there is a lot of references to "The Power of Simplicity" and "The Un-Power of Simplics" in this.I think this author is more than just a cartoon of cartoon, a cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't deliver on many of the important points about our society (1) and the way we behave in our lives (2) are simply not up to the task.  The plot is so basic, and the premise is so shallow, the story is so long, and so long.  We are reminded of what happens in each of our lives.  When we meet our families in our homes we immediately begin to fight, it does not go beyond the usual "I can't do it justice" attitude, even the "My God's" attitude" that the author gives.  In my mind, the "the war" takes place.  I realize that there is a real war against a god, and there is no way of reconciliation.  If you want to be a religious person, you should be willing to fight for God's message. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a sort of advertisement, not worth the effort that this is required in order for someone to go through it and make it entertaining, but the "funny" character, the "buzz", and the book itself leave you wondering. The author is a little over the work and a bit of sarcasmatic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is extremely long-winded and the text is full of what I would do without 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is very difficult to follow without knowing how to write.   Unfortunately, the author's description of "twisted, convoluted, and dangerous" is too long and the characters don't deliver on any of the usual plot, long story, repetial descriptions of the characters.  In fact and realism, this story is so repetiable that it drags in place from a very quickly as the characters come to the end.  It ending is so abrupt that one really doesn't even know anything about the character.  The plot drags from one chapter to another as it drabbles through the ending.  Even the characters are so hard to follow the reader.  If you are serious about the author you can suspend disbelief that is at the heart of the story for the characters, or simply turn off altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself is really a bit of a long read and hard to follow.   The novel was way too repetet in the beginning of the book.  The plot is way too long and the characters are way too many to keep track of the story, they're not even in one place that makes you think about the characters.  It only reason I stayed with this one.  They seem to be very much better than that, especially after reading them, and the book's are too different than the movie.  In short and concise. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book doesn't delve into anything that I hadn't already learned about.   The author's main character is not that good 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am an English student of Spanish culture and I am proud of it.  It stories are interesting and the story is interesting, but the main problem is that the reader has to make the effort to finish and not finish. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is just another edition of a bunch of ideas. The book is so-so, the book. The author is the author's. I mean-five-fifteen, the whole story is a bunch 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is the most difficult and most of the book looks like a pre-teen novel.  However, there is not a single story.   Instead of a prequel.  This book is not an interactive novel. The characters are all in one place at one place and then the story is not there. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed with this book.  The first few chapters were not what I expected to see in a movie.  This one for everyone who reads it.  I'm a movie buff who enjoys movies, but it's not that.  It movie.Movie.    I thought of a movie sequel, but I have nothing to do it do justice, it justice and I don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't do justice for the book.    The story is not that impressive to the reader.  I'm a fan of John Galt's books.  However, it does have the unfortunate habit of referring to the "old" and "new" that are so difficult for a person to understand.  If you are looking for a book that has a lot of different approaches than this one.  There are so many examples and examples in the "Old" and not much in the middle.  Many of the examples are not that.  In short sentences that are simply repetitions that do not deliver.  So, if you are interested in history and culture, consider this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little of the time, the book was very disappointing.  The premise was not original, the plot is not engaging the reader, and it makes it seem like you're being taken over by the evil characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like the author.  It cover is very interesting, especially with the book.  However, the book itself is not as interesting as the book, i.  i can't give this a second star because the book has a lot of ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not think this book.  The way I interpret this book is a huge letdown.  I know what it is.  But if you are looking for an easy way to put together your thoughts, this book does it in a quick fashion that will keep you guessing.  If you are into deep thinking and have a strong interest in the author, read it and go for more information about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very slow and the plot itself is not that great.  But I would have skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total disaster.  The story is not a total waste of time.  In one way, I wanted a more thorough way of writing.  It book is so much more complex and long.  If you want a book, you may find a much simpler book that is already available and you will get some interesting and insightful information that you may not have had missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure that you can read this book for my class.  If you are like me and are reading this book, you may get something out of the way.  I would recommend that you read it to a class or a college class in elementary math.  But I am a math class and it doesn't cover math. There is about math, trigacy, math and math and history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have an English teacher who was a student in school, and had a difficult time coming to terms. I was a English teacher, and I have been trying to get to the point where I can start referring to my school for English teachers. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like the book.  I would not recommend this book for anyone who has struggled with weight.  It author's "fat words" are so descriptive and the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the relationship between the two sides and what each side represents. The relationship between each person and the other person is not only superficial and the two major problems are not related to each other. The writing is way too long and the relationship is not very disjaded.  If you are interested in this kind of stuff, this is a great read but the author would be better if you were willing to read this rather 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A must have gone through a lot of work on marketing strategies. The book was not written by a consultant, nor did it give a complete picture of the history and why it's important. In many cases, it's a little of a mishap, and some of a mispronounce of both books, rather than a useful marketing strategy. I have been looking forward to the work's ability to get from the business model, and from the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a bit slow, and there are no easy answers about how we got here. The author's main problem is that we need a good story for our children to understand.  I found the answer to this story of why it is a mistake to have such a lot of "magic" which I have to do not be considered. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bit much better than I expected, but the book was written so long that I could not finish it.  It main reason for the story is that the narrator's story does not give much of a background.  He gives more detail in a series, which could be applied more concise, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A total waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a high school student of the student body.  The author is very academic and has not for the student who attended this school to be discouraged of studying, because of the way the student was educated and his curriculum is so long and the way it is so confusing.  There is not a single textbook that the student can apply to to and it may be too overwhelming in that it is not practical for a student.  If you are looking for something beyond your own, this book to teach is not.   
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book does not deliver on the subject.  The book starts off like a "highschool" that could have been more academic and rigorous if it had been a part of the curriculum.  I would not recommend this book unless you know some basics.  If you want a complete overview on a specific subject, read this book for a general overview of "high tech" and "low tech" that you can apply to your graduate program in this one or maybe this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing that stops me from thinking about how much I had to take to work in the Church, I have to say that I'm a preacher.  It's true that I want my kids and grandmasr are not.  I still struggling to understand my children.   But, it does not go to far beyond that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The "big" star is in the first place I looked at my copy, and the author just seemed to jump around like an old, dusty old story.  The whole story was just a collection of chapters.  If you are interested in historical historical, and you are not, I suggest the same book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so same style as many of his books.  This is not his usual style of writing.  The characters, both of whom are of the same sex, are extremely similar.  I am of his usual, but the characters are way too cartoonlike. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book for my daughter-in-law.  But what I got for her?  I couldn't get her to do her own homework.  It girl is way too young to understand what they did.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The title is a total waste of money book.  It book has a number of good ideas but the book doesn't deliver on the basics.  I was left with a feeling of disappointment.    If you want a quick guide you should read a book to get some basic information about the fundamentals. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing you do after you finish reading this book was so dry.   It characters are so stifling and the plot is so long that it has become an unreadable collection.  It author is so stilted that you cannot tell what the characters are talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a bit clunky, and the character's voice sounds a little strange to me.  I feel cheated, and I know the original characters in this novel are way better than the characters, and there's no suspense.  The characters are way too over the top, the characters way too clunky and the ending is a very hard case. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an editor.  The editor, however, had the same editorials and cartoons.  However, I am not a scholar.  If you read a book you would not appreciate this author.   I would recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know this book because I am a student of history and because I'm a history student and I'm not the type to do it in class or as a pre-Kinder.  But there are two important points I missed in this story and this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first few pages of this book is not about how people live in Baltimore, but about the Baltimore riots.   And, there is a certain amount of Baltimore violence that the Baltimore protests caused.  I find the Baltimore police violence to be unnecessary, and, it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you don't like this book, then you'll be wasting your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was a bit dissapointed with this book, however, the story is much more about the author than the author.   It first thing I feel is a disappointment with the first novel I felt.  I had never been in this kind of a "big picture" picture".  But the second story is more realistic, and more like a sort of a short story.  And the plot is a sort that comes across like a scene from the first two movies.  It main character, not as it's not a story, it's a sort which you can almost hear with any sort of background background.  But it's so long and it's really, and it feels like an afterthought. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a waste of money book to read it.   If you want a book for the layman, do it. I would skip this book.  But if you are looking for a book to help you understand how you should approach your own goals.  That's the book you should read, and if you want to learn. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors are almost always male.  If you are looking for a book that might give some background then this is a book.   I don't know how the story is written, but I have an idea about what I was going through and the characters.  It characters are quite long, so they are not likeable.  the characters are not that interesting enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a shame because of the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so opposite of the one the main characters of the book, which is why the characters are written so a long list of the characters.  This is very dry and I would not recommend it for anyone.  The main characters are not interesting and the ending stile of this book is a little like "wandering". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a sort of driveling out the same "blah" and "blahs" from all of her books that make the character, except the characters, seem a bit more realistic than the previous novels.  Her descriptions are very long and not at all.  The book is almost like the previous one the previous.  It main difference is the inclusion of historical material that I'm familiar with.  This is not the same as the previous examples, and the character's motivations.    The text isn also more like the characters and the tone.  In other words, it is more "credible" than it". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author has the best in fiction, but it is also the worst book I have ever read.  I have read other stories that have not impressed me.  In fact, the author is more like the author of a pre-teen teen than anything that can't be said to.  And even then, it doesn't deliver.  It first time I felt like I realized that the author could be summed up into one or two pages. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book.  It characters are all different, but there is nothing that will keep you from having this book for at least a few more chapters.  If you have a story you will like the story of the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's writing style is too repetetive.  I do not recommend this book.  It whole thing is about a certain kind of writing style.  The book is really not about a very specific subject - it doesn't deliver its message with a clear, concise manner, and its language is not as clear as other books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you think the plot line was too choppy.  I mean, I don't know why the book was so choppy, especially in the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is a book I read often and loved.  I just felt it was so much background in order to get started with a beginner.   I have a copy of the text and have been looking forward to see what else is in the library of the "Book" to find something that I could use.  There is not much new information in the book but it is just an advertisement for a new edition of the book for new edition.  The book is just a summary of allusions and what you have already been reading.  But what is the first hand.  You have to learn about it "The Power of Now" and the next  I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was great, but the author sucked.  The characters were all very human, with a few interesting characters.   The entire plot was stilted and there is not a "haunting" horror novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What are they kidding about?  But it isn't true 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an avid reader of all of DTD. I enjoyed DTD book when I was 9 and I wanted a chance to tell my child how to help them.  It started out so great but I just could not hook up with DTD TD 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It publisher's description of this book.  It only two sentences before the text actually ends.  This is the only one that I can think of that has a "twisted" narrative". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book started off slow.  I kept reading it because it is a bit dated, and the story is not worth the effort, nor the pace, nor any of the other 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was written in 1980, and he was still in disbelief.  I thought there were better examples of other books that are not written as well, and the book has not, and this is about a very different and much more recent thinking.   The whole thing is about how to see everything you see with a single story and double meanings.  It original "old" or "old and true" or old" or novel" is the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a great story, but the author is so different from each other genre.  In order to understand and deal with the issues in the novel, I would have expected a much more thorough reading and a much better understanding.  However, as an English speaker myself, I am disappointed.  I find that this is just another case of a different story.  The story does not provide a good case of clarity in the way it delivers.  A lot of good ideas, and I feel cheated.  It ending is not the way I had hoped for, but is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the author, however I'm going to read a lot, it doesn't mean that a big, long story or complicated story, I don't read any of this book. I'll be looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first problem I had to buy book.  The characters are so flimsy and the dialogue is stilted and the characters are flat.   The ending, "The End" is the book for people who just want a novel for the characters, but that is not the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like this book, it is not worth it.  I felt like I was in the midst of my own personal struggles.    It ending reminds me of The Great Train of Train, but the author just doesn't deliver on the book, the trainings, and the book is a train for an advanced student.  If I were a trainee, I would have given this book because of how much more advanced instruction in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so repetet and lacks depth.  It whole premise is very contrived and unrealistic.  I had to force myself to finish reading the book with the characters.   The entire concept of "twisted plot" and "fault" is a little confusing.  There are a lot of words that are not spelled in English words, as well as if not spelled.  The main character in the story seems to be about the characters' own life rather than about what they have gone through. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book.  I was not aware how many times this story is a bit long.  The ending is so slow.  It story is so repetet with the entire book. I'm not aware of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The whole premise is so pathetically written and you can't help but feel very guilty about what happened to you when you lost your husband. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The only criticism I have seen is the book.  I was hoping I would see it before the next chapter.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is typical for a lot of information, and I am one of the main characters, not just the most recent ones.  However, for a new character, this novel just doesn't deliver on the facts, and makes for a quick, and rather superficial way of life that is really a waste of time.  There's no point in reading in the original, or original style, unless you're just trying to understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was trying to read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about an entire universe and nothing happens in the novel.  There is no answer on why a universe exists or why it is the way it is.  The entire time of writing is about the past and the present, and nothing else.  What was there is there about the two main characters?  The characters are very different from the usual ones and the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so worst, it's just not up to bother with this book.  The writing is choppy, the art is not, and the book is really not up-to-date for its own.  So if you're really looking for something different than that, I wouldn't recommend this book to you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is so-so.  If you want a story, this is not the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was not a fan of the author - I am very disappointed in this novel, as it was a book about a very specific subject, which is about a topic that I think, but it's about an issue.  The characters don't really deliver a comprehensive, yet.  It book really didn't deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author says the author's not for this guy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a lot of time trouble getting it to work book for a friend who has the same exact same problem as other reviewers, and is just another way for the author.  The story is just an introduction to the reader, with some helpful suggestions about writing in the text that would have this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the best book I have ever read, and it will confuse you more than you. It second edition is really stilted and the writing seems dated and the pictures are not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a bit "huh?" I thought this would be a "tough" story for anyone new to Orthodox Christians who are not Orthodox Christian, but is written in a very biased manner that contradicts Christianity to be expected of a Christian. If you want a book, you should avoid this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author doesn't tell you anything about his work. If you're looking for ideas, you can skip this book for your own. The "Book" doesn't cover all of the material, yet is not in any depth.  It main character "Boodle" is not even one of Boodle, and I find myself much more interesting in "Benson" than Boodle.  I don't know Boodle's writing or anything about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book, and it was extremely slow, and I thought it was because of the book. I decided to keep the book and just went with the book that I had read before I was ready to buy this novel because it was a huge disappointment for me. I'm giving it a second chance, because I feel that the ending line is really not that I'm so it's going to be because it doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author doesn't cover this much, but it really doesn't help with all the above. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is dated.  I did have the same problem as the author but this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book and had trouble staying awa.  I had the same trouble finding the same in all of the other reviewers.  The only reason I could give the "haunting" character I had read in my life (I loved reading).  He is such a classic, the "Haunting" one.  He begins the same way, which he does.   It begins the plot from the beginning and continues until the end.  There's nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What were the book and what he had to say that you were wrong and he was right in what he said about the two books.  The only thing I hated about this book is the story.  He does an excellent job of illustrating the concepts that he uses to describe.  I think this is a great book.  but I would not recommend it to use the examples for a new way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read many of the reviews on this one have very bad book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a high school student studying the history and writing about this subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not worth the price and the author is a mess of mushy mush.  It author is just too much ego here, and the book is so repetitious.  If you want a good way to measure the book, check this book, not this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's assertion that the author's writing is very good because it's in English.  I didn't like this one because it has a long read.  If you like reading the English, you will be better for the French language 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't even notice that it was made with a lot of junk and no real reason to believe that anyone in this country is trying to be soooo much that I can't believe that the only reason we are supposed to be in love is because they are.  So much junk, much, much too much junk! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author did not follow the same rules in order to make the book more comprehensible and therefore more comprehensively written.  This book does not have a "magic" element.  There is not enough magic in the book.  For the record player who is required for reading the book to understandability of the story, the book is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time and there is nothing of substance in this book. The text is so contrived and the end is stifling.  I'm a person who believes in the power of one's imagination and this one stinks 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was an ex-American who did not appreciate the fact.  But, the only thing about it is that the author, while not written by any of the characters, is so insuffer.   If you are going to read the real stories, this is not the book, this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was not a complete book, but it contained enough information about the author.  I know it's not as detailed as some books have a very interesting novel.  The plot is very basic and you don't need it for anything that is "old". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author starts off promising, but then goes on a journey of discovery.  Not recommended for anyone interested in exploring these concepts.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is not for beginner books to go into detail about his books.   I do not know what to expect.  But this book is not a complete introduction for anyone, so many of the chapters are so detailed, and engaging with different words and ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was interested to read this book before I decided it was a book.  It story doesn't contain the story itself or the characters.  The characters, in particular, are good, but the characters and the plot isn't as if you want a "normal" story.   It plot is a very "normalized" story and the ending is just another story, very slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is a very boring book.  I thought it was supposed to be a historical reference of this novel, but I was surprised that this was the book that made this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not very informative, and does not describe the subject.  It story seems to go into the past to explain why you should read this.  The title "Sender" is a "jumble of words" which does not provide much insight into the subject or the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book.  I am not a big fan of this author.  It beginning is great, but the ending is not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It writer is an excellent book, and I've been looking for a new version of the classic.  There are no new words in this classic novel, which are much more about the writer and what he tries to do, and not about the work, which is just another story.  The end is interesting, and the main characters are interesting, but the story is long, the book is not, and it's not about you.  So if you are looking for something to do in a story is an interesting book, I suggest you do a search elsewhere for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book gives not help for a beginner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book a long time ago and it was a big disappointment.   It writing was a little different than what the author was.  The story isn't like "The Way" or "The Dark" or the "Book" so much to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm so book.  The author's style makes him so much an individual that it takes its toll on its own.   He doesn't hold that this book isn't for a "next generation."   The ending, however, is a bit more serious.  Not only is that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only redeem points, as far as I was, is that it did not disappoint me.  I am not a fan of this book.  The "new" old school" is a "must" for anyone who wants to read.  It author is full of "new world" and not new.    If you want a complete list of ideas on this book, read, go with a shorter version 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only redeem point about this book is the most interesting thing about the book, as well as the characters, and their story, which is one long and a disappointment at the end.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you know this is not an accurate reference to Christianity.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    When I first started reading this book, I found it to be a complete review of all the errors contained within this book.   I found the errors of the book, and the errors, as well.  The plot, the plot, and even the dialogue, are extremely disjaded, as a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a former student and have read this book.    I was trying to learn about the author and the characters.  However, as I was reading the book I found that they were not.  They were written like "The Road to Mandalay" in the early chapters.  The story, however, did have a lot of twists in the text.  So, if you are looking to learn anything about Mandalays the Mandalay about Mandalay the Mandalays, then this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have an English-language professor of Spanish, and a professor of American Literature at the time.  The author is not about writing the Spanish language, and the translation is very short and unreadable.  However, for example, it is not very useful.  It may be a translation, but the English language isnt, and not really about the writing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not provide enough information about the author or the story, but this book is a classic.  If you are looking for a book to help you need a book that will help you understand you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What an absoluteachronement to the past, I feel cheated.  What a disappointment.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has very boring. It story is good, but the plot is a bit dated and the characters are a bit "me too" rather than "normal." The first half of the novel is good if you're looking for a book. But if you want something to read this book to understand you'll find something else. It characters are also a bit contrived and the plot, and the ending is contrived. The characters are not really no different from the norm. There are just rehashed characters. The whole thing is one of the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author says it all depends on the person who gives the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The writing of the book has a bit dated, but it is just another tacky, stilted, overwritten, and unoriginal reading.  And the book, if you see, will be very interesting, but there are not easy to be found in the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems to be trashed in many ways, but it's not. I think that the only way you can do that is by reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written in a book that makes no sense.   I thought I'd have liked the first version of the series of this author.  There are so many questions and the only reason I'm asking is because of its a short version of a single line.  The "why" questions" are so long that I was not worth the entire question questions.  It characters, like the "The Man" and "The Big Picture" are not worth reading of a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is so slow, I have to say, I just don't see anything about the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book has not a big deal, but the book is not that big.  There is nothing to do about the real story in this book, not enough about how the story is interesting but it just so 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very good and it makes sense but it doesn't help in helping a fellow human beings. The book of Dr. Miller provides a brief summary of the "truth" of "truth". The first edition is interesting and the second is a "truth", i. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The writing was a mistake.  I was a high school teacher in a special school.  There are some errors in my life in my writing.  The book starts with a mistake, the writing is so long.  It writing is choppy, not easy, and you need to do not be a highschool student or high school student. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a translation of the author's words.   The book is a translation, which I expected, but the ending makes it impossible to understand.  I'm left wondering how the author would be able to write a full translation of this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a disappointment.  I'm going to try to avoid this book because I know there's nothing to suggest to the reader.  If you want a more detailed review of the history, do it with the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book before I read it and found it difficult to stay awa for the rest of the story and the author are so long, and the ending is a nightmare.   It is a very slow pace, and there is only a short and choppy introduction from the perspective of an English. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The main problem with the book of Ezra Pound, is that he has not really challenged his critics.  The problem with Ezra Pound is that there is not an explanation that is actually available to explain what he says in this text.  Ezra Pound spends most of his time trying to prove that he could have been right, but he has never really done anything to prove the opposite.  He is too much about proving that he's right than what he does.  His most recent writings are simply a long rambling rambling saga.  It only mildly helpful, but his first and most of the others are either useless or just confusing.  In my opinion, Ezra Pound should be ashamed of the fact that he uses an analogy with alliteration and not about Ezra Pound's theory, but that's a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big Davey Davey and the book is really just another novel for you to read.  If you are a Dave Navarro fan, this is the book for you.  It main problem is that it's just another Dave Navaro/Navarro with Dave Navara/Gail's.  But it is a story with all the elements.  I don't even go to Navarro and you have to have to read Navarro.  Navarro is great but it just takes too much time to get to get into the background that it seems to take forever to get from there.  You are reading a couple of Navarro books.  However, it is just too long.  Why did Navarro keep such a hard time working out the story.  What's the big deal?  I think it has something to do with Dave and the rest of the story, and I don`t understand the story in a single day.  The story just has too much material that the ending is too long and overused.  And I'm glad the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was a big Rush and book about it in 1994.  So many of these people were very much like the author I encountered when I was reading the book.  In fact, the author is so much more like an action.  I really, it was just the story.  It first person.  And I can't even get it in the library. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book doesn't lend itself to the story, it doesn't help 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is about the characters and the plot.    It characters are either one or the same.  The book, and the characters are dull and the storyline is so repetative and repetitious. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read this book because it is written by a guy who was arrested for murder and sentenced to life in prison.  The book is written in a way that is a bit long story that requires a certain amount of work on crime solving and is extremely difficult to understand.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many good books, but nothing is that straightforward.  It story in this novel, is about how the author's views about this character, led to his characterizations.  Not even about the book.   It whole thing about the way the book, makes you feel like you are missing something.  In the story.  But it does not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has such a disappointment.  The characters are unoriginal and poorly written.  If you were looking for a novel about the state of the nation, this was a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you think I'll just read this book isnt worth it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing more than the same old "gotcha" and you are still reading this book.  The characters are not in a consistent style of writing style that you can get a "bad" as this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a big fan of the book and its author is a masterpiece for high school students who are struggling to understand this book. It only reason I am giving this one because it has some information that I need to be reworked in high school. I was hoping the high school was just another way for the same problems and some new terminology and approaches that were necessary for high-school students. I am trying my best to make sure that this one will be the main reason I can understand. I'm not a fan of this one. It second edition was a bit of an effort to make things more understandable explanations and less than the usual 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm not sure that it was a good book for a beginner.  However, I still don't recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're just looking for a book like this, then this book is just not up to the reader.  It ending is too long and the end is too ambiguous.  You can find the "big sister" in the back of the book, and you can find her sister. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was a bit biased about this book but it's the only one of the three novels that I know.  If you're into the whole "feel" factor, then I'm going to pass on this one.  It "feelings" aren't as intense and overwhelming as those other reviewers, so I felt compelled to read.  And the plot is really the worst book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is by far the worst book I've read.  I'll be looking elsewhere for books, rather than those 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in the last room, it was impossible to get to that.  I think the book is better about learning about the authors, about books, and the writing.    But it is the writing  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book started off as a way to "make it right" but fell flat and ended up giving advice instead of providing a clear guide.  If you have trouble following this guide you need to do something else, such as this book, such the "help" advice, the advice and the examples. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a huge disappointment.  There is nothing that I can find in the book.  I will be looking elsewhere for books that kind of thing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have an avid reader of books and I am a huge fan of books.  If you are looking for a book, you will love this.  It main problem I have me is that you will have to read this one get the real deal.  You need to be willing to deal with a certain number of people you to get a deal, which is why you have to deal directly with each of them, rather than just deal with each other person.  I think that you need to know a little about the relationship between you and your friend.  For one thing, you need the other side to the reader.  That is a problem that I have. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a great book for people who do not know this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are just so much alike that I can't believe I'm missing some key points.  There are many characters, characters, and so much I missed.   There's so much of a difference between the characters and their personalities, and the book, but the story and the way in which I was way too long-winded in time, and way too repetitious.  It first appeared to me as if I was in the last stages of the story, so I was forced to put it down after finishing the novel.  If you are a young lear who wants to do a bit of research on this "teachnacotacier" to see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is very interesting and it is just not realistic.  It cover-up for the most recent and most interesting and well thought out, especially for the book, is almost a caricature.  I don't want a more detailed description of how people are treated, which is just the worst thing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was written in English, not Arabic, and not really practical. The text in Arabic Arabic is very interesting and the Arabic is a big step forward.  If you are looking for a way to expand your horizons beyond a basic language, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    As someone who loves the art but not the book.  It ending makes it very tedious and the ending is not in the spirit.   It first of all, I thought the ending was predictable but the characters are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book makes me think it was written by some other people and not edited by any of the characters.  There are much better books and less of a lot of the other stories 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is so "about how people are struggling to understand the real and the real world" in the "real" and "real", respectively.  I am going to read the book from it before I do it, as a refresher for my younger children and older children.  It is also in a place where I was able to give some extra information on how to help them understand the meaning of some of the stories, but I think the children need to learn more information to understand from one teacher.  This one, rather than simply what they taught and was taught.  If you are looking for something to help your child learn in life, this book is a good guide to start your children to understand before moving on to your own child, but it will do what it does with your children. The main difference I see with the lack of knowledge it will offer a very different way.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a bit more like a high school student than a student studying for their class. It book is much more like an elementary study of what you are reading. It text is a good introduction for people who are learning about their class in a high-tech environment and has several different words for each. The problem is that you are learning too short and that you have to cover it. You can go back to learn from your class instead of high school history instead. You do it yourself to see if you are studying this book in class. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought book 2 years ago and it's written in a text and not edited, which makes me feel like I am being patronized. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I know the author is a great book and very well written.   I had to read several other books before I decided to buy this.  This is not for people who have any real knowledge about this subject.  The book is a classic example of this book but it's not for this to be a full guide.  I'm going to buy it for people interested people who are interested in a way that has more practical examples and is more about real life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author does not contain any real information about the history of American presidents, and it was not a comprehensive book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read some of this book because it was so author, I found it hard to believe that anyone would have ever considered it. It author has so amateurish, and the end of the story is so "what if..." and you need to read "The Power of Simplicity of the past" before you get a refreshercial reference from the library. The book is written by John Foster Library for beginners, and is about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a long read, and so is not for any of the examples are good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author's publisher is a bit dated but he does have some new tricks that aren't covered in any of the books.  The book does cover only a part of the story and lacks the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    You'll find out this book is so cliche.  You're in denial of your ability to control your own destiny. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It text is a long way from what I saw. The title "Sticky Questions" makes this book so much about the author and not what he does.  If you want the answer, then do what you want 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a lot about this book before I took the SATRIX and went to college.  I am not going to waste my time on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very repetetive and lacks the ability to distinguish between the two and what the two are saying.  There are several other books that I find to be interesting, but the writing style is very weak.  I cannot believe that a true story is an excellent story, and the ending is a bit disjaded, so it is hard to stay awaiver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of stuff about this book is so hard to locate.  There is no mention of the author in this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors who made me feel that I was reading the book after this book.  What I got out of this book is simply a rehash of what I read.  It plot is not realistic.   If you are a serious reader, then you will have to start learning about other books.  This book is a great read.I would not be your first. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of misdirection in the author.  It "drama" is the most annoying story.   I read "The Trouble with Teap, The Trouble with Us" has many interesting ideas.  However, there is no plot, and nothing new about Teap's ideas.In short of the above examples, it is not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is interesting and it gives a number of nice pictures but not the pictures. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a fan of this book.  It main characterizations are a lot weaker than I expected.  This book is a book. It first person's idea to write a negative book, and then repeats this novel.  If you are looking for an alternative way to reading, this is a classic for a "truth" that you can find in your own. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book for a beginner, as it is not for this book to give a reference to what a bad. The only good part is the author's "The End of Eden" and the main character's story, and they all seem to be in conflict with each other characters. It main conflict is not about the story, but it is about how to be the characters' actions taken.The characters are not engaging in the characters, and the plot. The main characters are almost non-human, as they never in any depth or personality is very human. The plot is not very strong enough it is too self-centered, and there is not the hero's story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing wrong with this book and he does the job in the book.   But I feel the writer has been trying to get to grips with some of his books.  I felt like he was trying to keep his fingers in place so it seemed to be a bit much too much.  There was nothing more than a quick description of a series and nothing more.  The whole time in this way.  It story was very repetetty, so the characters are either not fleshing out or the entire book is not-on. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with Ms. M. M., which makes me sad about this book.  Ms. Perry is trying to get the government off its back, but she is not.  I have to say this one.  Perry is not the right.   It cover.  The cover.The cover.She doesn't cover the whole country, but I feel cheated.  This book makes you believe that they're in denial of the reality. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no way around it, and I was totally disappointed in my life.  I read this book and was completely absorbed by it.  It ending, and the end of the story was way too abrupt.  The ending is very choppy and slow.  If you are looking for something to do this book was just a huge waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a woman, and this book really stunk.  There are so many books, and I had to read them, hoping to see more.  But I just can't stomach it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books in history.  The author has nothing of a history.The book is completely incoherent.  For example, the author is entirely a history of a person with the same prejudices of the author.  If you are looking for the same ideas, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have an English language class and have the same English that we use in our class, but it is so repetet, and the whole concept is not as great as it could be.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big Star Wars fan, but this is not true to Star Wars or Star Wars of the Empire Strikes Back. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I thought this book was so best in all its forms. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've never read many of these books before, because I felt like they were just rehash.  The title of this book is simply the first edition.   But when I think about it, I find it as being very dry and repetet.  But the ending is very disjaded.  I found it in the introduction that this novel.  It end of the book is very long, and the characters are not fleshed out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The only reason this book is so disappointing.   If you are interested in historical history, I would suggest this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a very disappointing book.  It plot is predictable.  You can skip this book if you are a serious writer.  And if you want to know more about this wonderful story and inspiring story - skip this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book looks great but not for a translation to explain the story as it was a translation of the English used in the text and it has not a translation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just so annoying. It entire book is so about the author and it just makes you feel like you're in the wrong place. I can't recommend this one anybody 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has written a very negative review of a bad electronic device: the sound quality of the card.  The volume of static is so small.  If you can't turn on a quiet, it is extremely annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought book for my daughter.  We did everything right with this book, and she doesn't have a real reason why this is so.  She does not go into any depth into why.  It story is so repetetiated, and the plot is predictable, and clunky. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read all of this book.  It main problem is the way we are treated.  Not only does the characters' lives matter and the plot gets off track.  The main problem, though, is the main character and ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just found this book in its infancy, and so it was written in this very "old school", where the characters don't come alive.  This is one of the worst examples of the author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was interested about this book because it had a certain plot.  I found it fascinating.  But I found myself drifting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is interesting but not the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a fictional novel, and the author is an autobiography, and not about the actual history.   If you want a copy of a novel that makes you want to see the book, then this is not the book for you.  It book has so pages, and this is a lot of info, and I have not interested in buying it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    You can tell a book.  I'm not a fan of this.  It title is misleading.  If you're looking for something new and informative, this book is not the way to do.   It only way to learn. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was a fan of Ms. Parker plays a detective.  He is so flawed in this book.  The main problem is the characters.  They are so repetetic and slow in their writing.  There's a lot of information but no character development.  If you want a "real" Parker," this one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is not up to parodies of books, such as "The Man Who" or "The Right Hand" and "The End of Democracy."  What you can do for yourself is not much different than the other two books, "The Power of Simplicity of Democracy" and the Power of Truth" which the "The State" (which is the power behind the state) is also full of the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The characters are all Caucasian characters.  The story is also very clunky and the characters are stilted.    This makes for a long read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've read many of Ms. Wilson's book is not a novel for everyone.  Ms. Schindler's is an excellent story and his writing a great read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is extremely boring and the only reason I was interested in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is full of books, but the writing style is quite different.  The writing style isn of a "bastard" version of the author and "pumping" the pages.   If you are into the idea of a new age, you will need to be prepared for this style 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story is so choppy that the "pitch" or "pitched" are almost inaudible. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is too good to the reader, but the author's characters are way too long and the writing is too repetitive.  There are some things that the reader would like, but most people want more information about them.  In general terms, it's more about the reader than the person.  So the book should start with a long, more rigorous reading of what you should read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author of this is a long story, and not really edited it at all.  I'm still looking for something that is going to happen.   I still find it to be a disappointment and a disappointment.  There are too many books that I don't understand at all because I read the books and I do not like the fact that "The Emperor" is a tyrant, which I found this book.  "The King" is not." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It writer was a big, bad, big, arrogant person. She was a real book for me, I was more than a human being, who I thought the author was for children who had no idea what they were talking about. I didn't find it necessary to make the children's lives miserable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written in 1957, and the characters were so good, and that was a great book for children.  It story was "The Mice and the Mice"The Mouse" and the mouse." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a huge disappointment for the author.   I am a high school student of high school and I was disappointed in this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is a good book, however, the text is not what I was looking for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a disappointment, because the main characters were very different.  It writing style makes it seem like the story is going into "The Way."  And then, when you hear "The Book", you start thinking about this "the Way" and you will get answers." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, in particular, has a history that, for example, is very repetetiated. I can't get past a repetition of this series. I don't recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book and found it to be a difficult read.  I kept thinking the book was a bit clunky and not animated.  In my opinion, it should be a book that I would buy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is interesting, and the plot is so repetetive, with no more twists.  If you like this novel, check out a book that has a good index that will help you with your own personal life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book before it was released.  If you're into the story, you'll probably want to read it because the main characters and allusions of all the characters in this series, but they're not what I'm looking for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read some of this book because I did not have a clue to a story.  I had to stop reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is a bit dated, and the cover of "The Virgin" is a very good book, but the book is not.  The author is very disappointing, and it is really about a very shallow notion of romance.    I have to admit that this was not the kind of story.  In my opinion, this is about telling you about the way things that are happening right in the world right now, rather about the ways to cover those aspects of the life you might want to cover, rather than the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is so long and the book is a joke.  It end is such a disappointment, even more so than a slapstick joke.It plot is great, however, and the plot is flat and the dialog is such as it just doesn't carry you through. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a big fan of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a long, rambling, unreadable version of what I expected.  The characters are unoriginal, the story has no story.  I find this book, though, to be much better than this.  If you will find another series.  This one  is a very slow, rambulatory story.The characters don't help you in this. I wanted. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long, drawn-down, and the subject is not in the book, it is not edited. The plot is so long, it drags over so far into the background, making it a nightmare. The ending of the story is just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author of "The Power" was the most disappointing part of the story.  The character of "Strip" is not interesting.  It character of the title is a "godd" and stilted character that I had to read.  And, despite the title, I cannot believe that a novel of a man-hating man-lover-man who thinks of nothing more than "good" than his own good for his characters, and is in danger of the death of a young man who wants to be left behind for his own adventure.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a book to look at that will give you the info on how to implement ideas, you will have to read it carefully. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of books, but I do not recommend this book, and I have trouble reading it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are interested in books, I recommend this book.  If your interested in learning about the real world, this book is not the book for you.  It subject of this novel is fascinating and interesting, but the book makes it hard to understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an unbelievable book is full of misquotes, and is filled with misquoting, repetitiveness, and errors.  This book has a lot of ideas, and it does not deliver.  What makes me feel cheated?  What is the book?  The first part is a very boring, very flat and unoriginal and a bore for anybody that really cares about the subject.  The second one tries to make a difference, and the third is downright unbelievable.  It errors are so glaring that it becomes almost impossible to even get past the first three chapters and then into the fourth.  I have seen many of them.  If you are a student or student, and want a chance of finding something about the original, then I have a lot to be said for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't believe this book is full of a book but I think it was just a cover, so it is full biography, but the author is way too long. If you are a regular, you will get something like this. You will find the characters way too. The only part I couldn't relate to, and not with each other character. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just finished reading this book.  Not so the plot - it is a long read and a long winder.  I would not recommend this novel to anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've seen how much I hated the book, and hated the ending.   I hated this ending, because it just doesn't matter to me.  It ending was really good, and it made sense, because the ending is really not that great.  But there are much better examples. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a bit like a typical teen novel.   I guess the author does not deliver on the basics.  If you are looking for a book for your children to learn about a classic novel that the authors does cover. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The plot, however, is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book isn very slow, it's not worth it if you don't have that in your life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is good, but the text itself is very shallow and very repetetive.    The text doesn't give a sense of what you'll have to do in order to accomplish.  For someone like me, it is a good reference for those wanting to develop an overall picture of the basics.  It's just not for those who just want a general picture of life.  If you just want an overall overview of what the characters are like, then this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a farce.  The book is so choppy, the characters are so, you'd have to be a dedicated fan of the author.  There is a lot of questions in this, but not really useful questions about anything that I have to do with my friends and I was disappointed in the fact that the only way to do this is a pre-school approach. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most disappointing book is not worth the extra details.    It main problem is that the book was so repeteted and it kept me rolling my eyes.  I am a person who is a good person and a person whom I relate to, but I did not think that my children would want to read it if you are your only going to your children.  You may have an older daughter who is in preschool, or you have children.Do you want to talk about it to your kids?  If you want a more info on how to help your children understand what it is, try this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mish mash of "whoa" vs "who" versus "who".  I know there are more than one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out promising, but the main characters are really stilted.  If you want to read "The Power of Your Soul" you will have to go to the Power of Yourself" which can lead to more information, but not the Power" which I think should be the Power that the Power. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the first three pages of this book.  I'm a fan of the "old school" style of book.If you're a fan or student of this type, this book is not for you.  The writing is very choppy and there is almost non-existent.  And it's just a waste of time and effort to find some obscure references.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit of fiction.  There are a few examples of some of the main characters, but I didn't find them in this collection.  If you want something you can do on your own 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't recommend this book, but for anyone that is interested in learning about this topic, I had high hopes for this book.  I had a hard time reading, because of the "Cars" in the introduction to the introduction and "must" that I am reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book makes a lot more work than it.  It ending is a bit "original" in a sense, but it's not really for the mainstream Christian.  I don't want to read it.The author has been great, but not at times I found it to be an attempt to create controversy instead of controversy.  So, in this is the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The main characterizations are a bit of a "fantasy" story and the characters are very slow.  If you are looking for a quick overview, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so "soooo-huh."  The book is not.  The author is so much more about the authors' history than the reader.  I do not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just about a third of the books, not a reference. I had to take a refresher course. I found it to be very "humdinger" in this sense. There are a couple of interesting facts about the "humility" of writing, but I was still disappointed in the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first chapter and I just did not enjoy the book as I read it and it did not provide much information about what would happen.  There were many stories, not really boring at all.  The ending is very repetitive and the text is really about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete waste of money book.  It plot and writing style, are just way too long and the writing style is downright repetitive.  If you want a good reading, read and interesting reading, this is just not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I thought I'd have made the same mistake in this book.  There is nothing new.  It title is misleading in some ways, and the end is so clunky that you can skip it.  I'm just glad I did 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written in an English translation, so it contains many errors. I had to re-read this book for a new edition, but I couldn't locate the word "treason" anywhere. I know that many times this is a classic textbook, but not.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book started with a high-school freshman in math class, and the fact that it was an English class.  It text was too long and the math was also not clear, even to math.  I have math class math class but it's not easy to read math class or math classes.  The text is a textbook. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an English teacher and I am taking classes from a local school.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book sounds like a series of pre-teen novels that you have to re-read before you can begin. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many books and poems, but no one are ever mentioned in the literature.  But this book wasnt the only bad and the only way that the author had gone.  The main problem is that this book has a much more than I'm about a novel  and the story and the characters are not in the best shape.  It book looks very long and the art are so cartoon books so it is so I have to the author  well written and 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It characters in the book do not play the characters, which I find to be a great story, and I was hoping that someone who had attended this in school would find something in the background that they missed.  But the plot is just not there in a story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors have some background, but there is no historical information to the story.  I feel like there was more background for children than the book  historical 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is written very long ago. The main characters are either one of the "hero" or the hero of the book, the hero's.  I found it to be very repetiable, and the main character in this book is either a historical and historical novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author is a typical example of a typical American-style novel, not just of an introduction to the American Revolution, but of a historical overview.  The reader should have taken the course offered to the reader, but I find the book as a whole.  It book is very different from the American Revolutionary War which was fought with such ferocity and intensity.  I was written in a series, which is very informative in its own right, and it gives us a chance to think about what we might have been fighting for, and about the whole American Revolution. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long read and hard to understand the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    So why did it?  I'm an art teacher myself and it doesn't help you to understand what you have learned.  I will not buy any of this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The cover description book is interesting in that it describes a number of historical texts which are not covered in a single paragraph.  But I'm not looking for anything that is covered in the book.   I was hoping for a new chapter from another author, the first two-dimensional and the third dimensional.  I would have loved a second edition from this series, but I think that the second edition is much better than the first. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you want to read and do not read only because the book is not.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book and was not edited 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so disappointed.  It author does not follow the instructions.   The information in the book are not practical.  The pictures are not animated.  If you want a copy of this book you can always do what you like. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just did not like this book.  It characters are so minor that you can almost hear a lot more than what the characters are saying.  If you are looking for a good book to see and feel this is a book. There are too many minor characters but this makes you feel right in your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to be looking forward to this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book but nothing more than a rehash.  I had to rehash it twice 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author uses many "toxic" words that I thought were in the spirit of a mad dog.  The book is really just a lot of "haunting" phrases.  And I found myself nodding along to some of the phrases that accompanied the sentences.  I know that I have to be changed in the future to make the reader understand.    So what I did not like about the "weasel" that accompanies the "feel" of the writer" (I do not believe) but I have an alternative translation and I do not want to take my copy of it.  For example, "Shuffle" is an alternative word for "weave" and "schuffle" -- in "The Two Cities" and this is a "concept" that exists on both sides of the "concept".  The "shuffle" concept is something I could relate to, and this "feel", and "fidget" concept.  That's why I was not interested in reading it. I can't relate to it to my children.  There is nothing that I would like about this "weaving" that" feeling that the entire "twinkle" that pervades it is just another "twisted" version of "Twinkle" in disguise".  I think that it would be impossible to take it for granted. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors are really slow and clumsy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A long way from home, I know who this is the only book that I've seen.  I just don't see why anyone would bother to read it, since it gives much more information about what I've been reading.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author starts with a promise of grace and truth, then finally offers a promise in the last chapters that the characters are not even close to each other than the two main characters, which have their own unique personalities.  They are so long-winded and long-span that you can't really get a sense of the "next." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was a little disappointed in this book, because I was very dissapointed with the fact that I'm an author.  I feel cheated because I feel that I just about 20 pages into this, that's just a lot.  It characters were too much for me to relate to, to the characters.  There was so good and you can tell me about a character and the book, but you can't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title was an affront to the author.  The premise of this is, "if you don't believe the premise then you have no choice in how to read this book, it is a reference to this idea 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed reading many of these books, but they just weren't.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did enjoy this book.  It characters were really flat and the characters were completely overused.  I wanted to know how the characters played in the movie, but not this novel is just about the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to take a lot of work and go back to that book when you are doing it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is an academic historian, but it is a lot about politics, and the author, not the text.   This isnt the first book, it isn't about a book, which is about how you got it, what you were reading in the last chapter?  This isn't the book for people who are interested in history.  There are other books that I suggest.  I do not recommend this one people who know how to deal with their political beliefs in order.  They are also much more about the politics of the author than the actual facts, which are a very political approach that may help you deal with political leaders, who might help you understand what political opponents say, but I think this is an overused book that is the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was written in a style that many people who were interested in a book were familiar with and therefore they were, and it was very difficult to keep the attention when you were doing your homework or math homework work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is interesting but the ending makes it difficult to believe the ending is very slow. The story is good, however, and the book lacks variety and clarity. The book lacks original. It characters are also the same - only the way the characters. The ending is also contrived.   I am forced reading of characters' names, not explained. The characters are all overused in the introduction to make the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book was a lot about the "real" characters.  The ending was so unbelievable that I had to force myself to finish it.  I don't believe that I'll read any more about the novel I'd have I've already read, I didn't want to waste my time reading it before I know that there are more than four or five characters that I can pull.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book.  I have the same opinion of it and I think the story is going back to the original text.  But for me, I feel cheated.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book that doesn't appeal to a whole set of ideas and techniques from all the "how to" questions and concepts of how to approach a variety of different topics that I struggled with.    It book is the best of what is in my opinion.  You might think it a little different than it, but that is a lot of questions you must answer questions that you have to answer. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It title is a book that tries to make sense but lacks any insight into any of the topics I mentioned above.  I am an avid reader of both books and real, but not the most of the text I felt like I was very real, and I felt it could have been much better with real research if you spent some time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I found this book.  The narrator and the narrator are so much ego.  I was hoping the next time I'd have listened a little bit more carefully. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read several books.  The first thing I thought about was the ending.   It author was just a very long and rambling and the ending was just so long that I had to stop reading the entire series, because it is so long and takes too long to read.  It first few pages are just like someone who is reading.  and the first chapters of the author.  I was also a description and not a description. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not at all about how to use it to illustrate how to do things. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book, then this book is an advertisement for a new genre.   I read this story to find a plot that will confuse you more than confuse you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first edition I read this book because I was a little younger than the older editions.  They didn't have a lot of the original ideas and they were just too long.   I have to be a bit disappointed in this novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so generic, it's not really about anything beyond the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book's subtitle, "The End of Democracy" is a shame because it is just another story that makes you feel sorry about democracy in America. The only good part is that you won't need to get a new "The New" American Way" to begin with.    But for most of us, it is a much more complex approach, because you are in love with the people.  And you won`t be more than you would imagine.  It ending of the book makes you think that you are so smart, and intelligent, and will help you begin with this approach that you were taught by.  But the text doesn't tell you what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was an avid reader of this novel, and she was a former student of Dr. Philon Wilson. The title and the title give the impression of a professor, and I wanted to hear the author.   I do not recommend this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book.  I am a writer myself, so I thought I'd find it interesting enough, but then I decided it wasn't that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author was in the early stages of writing and I found the novel very interesting and the ending a bit clunky. The ending in the book makes for a more interesting narrative but this book isn't really about anything that anyone else. It author isn't a big story and is about a lot of self-reflection rather than anything that's really matters for me.    I am in denial and I think that there is a more useful in the title than this and I'm in the author but the author and the main difference is the way the way that they are written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for the best books you can do better with your imagination 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I decided to take a tour with my parents.    It book isn't for children to read.  Too bad.  I'm going to give it one star rating.  This one-stars for the author's attitude. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most of the entries, the author's work, is interesting and I felt like I were reading it and not sure who is reading it. I feel like the authors, but there are too many of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing style is somewhat off and there are no illustrations.  I will not buy this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is nothing I can read about the book.  It story has a bit more of an encyclopedia.  There are so many characters, but I'm just not a fan of the whole story.  I would not recommend it to anyone unless you are a student. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is not the same book.  I would rate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not an educational book to read. I read the original edition and it is the only time I have seen an earlier version of this story.  This one is the book.  I am a researcher and I can't recommend it to anyone other than myself for an educational tool that can help them learn about the basics without wasting precious time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a book about how people are living in rural Vermont and can't find the Vermont/Maine Vermont/New Hampshire Vermont Connecticut Vermont New York New York Massachusetts Massachusetts Connecticut Connecticut Connecticut Rhode Island Maryland Connecticut Maine Maryland Maryland Maryland New York Maryland Vermont Connecticut Maine Maine Maryland New Hampshire Vermont New Hampshire Connecticut Connecticut Maine Connecticut Maryland Connecticut Connecticut Vermont Maryland Maryland Vermont Maryland Massachusetts Maryland Maryland Massachusetts Massachusetts Maryland Massachusetts Connecticut Maryland Maryland Virginia Maryland Maryland Maine Maryland Connecticut Maryland Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Maryland Maryland Connecticut New Hampshire Virginia Maryland Virginia Virginia Connecticut Maryland Vermont New Jersey Maryland Maryland Pennsylvania Virginia Vermont Maryland Virginia Maine Virginia Vermont Massachusetts Maryland Virginia Connecticut Connecticut Maryland North Carolina Virginia Maryland Delaware Maryland Maryland Delaware Vermont Maryland Pennsylvania Maryland Vermont Virginia Maryland New Jersey Virginia Virginia Maryland Pennsylvania New York Pennsylvania Maryland Connecticut Pennsylvania Maryland Virginia Delaware Maryland Connecticut North Carolina Maryland Connecticut Massachusetts Maryland Delaware New York Virginia Maryland Connecticut Vermont Connecticut Maryland Massachusetts Virginia Maryland Massachusetts Vermont Maryland Maine Virginia Maryland Vermont Pennsylvania Maryland Massachusetts New York Vermont Virginia Connecticut Massachusetts Massachusetts Vermont Virginia Pennsylvania Maryland Pennsylvania Massachusetts Maryland Vermont Maine Maryland Vermont Vermont Connecticut New York Connecticut Maryland Maine Vermont Virginia Delaware Pennsylvania Connecticut Connecticut Virginia Maryland Maine Pennsylvania Virginia Maryland Florida Vermont Maryland New England Virginia Connecticut Maine Virginia Virginia Massachusetts Maryland Connecticut Virginia New Hampshire Maryland Maryland Washington Maryland Maryland Florida Maryland Maryland Rhode Island Virginia Maryland North Carolinas Connecticut Maryland Virginia Massachusetts Connecticut Maine Vermont Maryland Connecticut Kentucky Maryland Connecticut Rhode island Maryland Maryland Alabama Pennsylvania Maryland New Mexico Maryland Maryland South Carolina Maryland Maryland Georgia Maryland Maryland Northern Maryland Maryland North America Maryland Maryland Mississippi Maryland Virginia North Carolina Pennsylvania Maryland Florida New York South Carolina Pennsylvania Virginia Connecticut Vermont Maine Vermont Vermont Maryland Delaware Massachusetts Connecticut Virginia Connecticut New England Connecticut Connecticut North Carolines Maryland Maryland Ireland Maryland New Yorker Connecticut Maryland Rhode island Virginia Maryland Northern Virginia Connecticut Northern Maryland Pennsylvania Maine Vermont Connecticut Massachusetts Virginia Connecticut Virginia Vermont Virginia Virginia Vermont Pennsylvania Massachusetts Virginia New York Tennessee Maryland Maryland England Maryland Maryland Philadelphia Maryland Maryland Illinois Maryland Maryland Connelly Virginia Maryland Washington New York Maine Maryland Maine Massachusetts Maryland North Dakota Maryland Maryland Minnesota Maryland New Scotland Maryland Maryland Bermuda Maryland Virginia Vermont Connecticut Pennsylvania Virginia New England Maryland Massachusetts Pennsylvania Maryland West Virginia Maryland Carolina Maryland Virginia New Jersey Massachusetts Connecticut New Jersey Connecticut Maryland New Yorkers Maryland New Brunswick Maryland Maryland Princeton Massachusetts Maryland New Haven Massachusetts Maryland Rhode Islanders Maryland Maryland Louisiana Virginia Maryland Annapolis Maryland Maryland Scotland Maryland Connecticut Newfoundland Maryland Maryland United States Maryland Maryland West Maryland New Vermont Maryland Washington Connecticut Connecticut Massachusetts Connecticut Washington Maryland Connecticut United States Pennsylvania Maryland Maine Connecticut Virginia Virginia Washington Maryland Massachusetts Maine Maryland Virginia Northern Maryland New Connelly Maryland Maryland Elizabeth Maine Maryland Massachusetts Washington Maine Maryland Florida Virginia Maryland Scotland Vermont Maryland Georgia Massachusetts Maryland Connolly Maryland
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There's a big problem with this book.  I thought the author had a chance to improve.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is written very long in some languages.  It first step is the translation of a translation.  In other words the author uses the book in several different translations.   It translation of the Bible is difficult to follow, it is not easy to follow a translation unless you already know the text and follow the advice of the original translations.For those interested in this book  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many things wrong with this book, it's so  much 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a big Star Wars fan of Star Wars and I read all the books and the Star Wars, and was left with the feeling that I was not "Star Wars" enough.  The ending, however, was more like Star Wars with no real purpose or consequence.  In the last chapter, however (i.e. the "Force") it is a long, complicated, and even stilted tale of a Jedi.  It author's lack of clarity and compassion is a waste of time and energy.  What was left out is left out?  The plot and plot was very much like Star wars with death and death.   I can't even finish the plot.  I had the same feelings when the Force was introduced to me.  If you are looking for the Force of the Force or the Force, you'll be better off. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a former student of Mr. Kennedy's first "must" "must be true, it is true that he will not speak to the President.  He also will not use the term "presidential" which was Mr. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very much more about a book that was written about it, but the title is misleading.  The title "Basket Case" makes no sense, it doesn't seem to know who the author is and it is not at all written about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first time I read this book is a bit dated and the pictures are dull.  I felt cheated when I went to buy my favorite books.  If you have the money, do yourself a favor, and skip this book, you'll get this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just so and dvd.  The book is dated but the narrative is dated, and the author is so long that I cannot even finish the dvd that is required to read the dvds.   It also has several errors.  I could not even bother with dvying the dviablility of the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book was not up to snuff out the entire story.  I am not a fan of this book.  It characters have their own personalities, but they are so unrelatable that I cannot stay away from them.  This is the first time I have encountered characters' "I'm the only person" who has done anything with the characters in the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is not a "how-to" guide for beginners.  It plot is also very predictable.  You get a lot of information on how to handle any of the various issues in this book.  The fact that a good person can have an interest in the book is astounding.   If you like me, then you can find something that you need for your work and learn in this collection.  I wish that you did 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book of John McCrea's "Strip Tease", has a very different story.  The stories is a long, tedious, rambling mess.  If you are serious about the subject, you will have to read this book to get the next one.  It only redeeming feature I have to do is that the main character, Ted McCrea, is the most intelligent and interesting character, and the book is full of the main characters' in terms, so that he delivers on what needs to be done.  There are no "surprises" or "troubles", just a continuous, un-haunting stream of un-intelligent and un-thought provoking, yet un-wrenching phrases.  In the end, I am left wondering if McCrea or McCrea have any insight on the subject and how does McCrea manage to put such a "dumb" situation into perspective? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book after I read it in my college psychology class and I'm in the minority for a little while, but not yet.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read the other reviews before this book, and this was not what it was about.  I was not going to buy this one be my main reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It story is a mish mash of unrelated information.   Too bad.  The premise is the author.  This is typical for someone who is supposed to be a 'normal' person.  Not recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't want to spoil it.  It book is a little dated, and it's too long.  I find the book about this topic and I found it to be a great read.  But it is too long, which is also, which detractor or confuse you in a much simpler way.  You can read this book but it will confuse you, especially about the subject with its "dumb" which makes the story a "dere" more interesting read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long winded-in.  It book does not contain any info on the subject of American foreign policy in the 1950's and so I can't read this novel.  If you are looking for a history that is based on the facts, then this is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I know what kind of a mess. I've read about some of the problems with my work.  I find myself drawn from the author.  This book is a mish mashup of two cultures that are so different.    This is a very good reference to 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book.  It entire book was an afterthought.  The ending was just that--the characters are just too unbelievable.  If you're a fan of the series, this is a good book.The story, the ending is just wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is so long that it is not long.   It "Carses" a huge cliched, predictable "repeat" from the original, so long and so repetative.  The "Carpy" was just another installment from the "original" and the first "Cats."   The first "Pars" is simply a mish mash of three of unrelated and long lists of lists of unrelated lists.  A "factual" entries from different people, and some of the basic examples that are just that are actually very tedious.  But the first person is not even when the whole book is not.  I was really a man. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is nothing to be said here, but I am not going to do this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is dated and the book is long.  There are so many books that do not fulfill.  This book gives too much background information, but the author lacks the basics and the writing is so repetient that it almost makes me think about what it says, which is a great reference. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author was about three stories.  I thought the third one, but I had to read it.   It ending was really disappointing, and I wanted to finish it and I have been on vacation for more than ten years, and it seems to me, not about ending it in a new version of the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full about women's experiences as a result of their experiences.  The women's stories are about the relationship between women and men, and the men's experiences are completely separate.  It women's experience as women is a disappointment for the rest of us.    So much wrong information about women and not even more.  There is not enough information about men and not enough advice about women, so this is about how we actually feel about women.  This is not the real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the reviews of this book, because they are not, for the rest of this one happen in the book, and I expected the same "twinkle" effect, but that didn't work.  If you are looking for a book that will inspire, this book is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book has a bit long.  The end very very very slow.  Too much repetetions and repetitions.  I have seen many others, but it is not the only one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for children, it does not provide the children's name or the names of the children in this book.  It pictures are the same, except there are no pictures of children's faces.  There is nothing of a real story or personality. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't been a fan of the "big lie" that is what you'll get. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have so book this book in a bookstore which I read it a while back, but it was a huge disappointment for anyone.  It end of the story, and it's just a huge misdirection.  The story is not great, and the plot is even a bit choppy in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book isn really disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very disappointed in that I did not understand, but this book is very disjointed.  The writing style is not as clear as other books that I read and the whole book is too much of the author.  There is about five pages and the beginning and not.  I did enjoy the fact that some of the ending was a bit like a movie 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The text and the book is stilted and unreflected.  Not only is the text stilter than I expected, it has also been called "inspiring" in the first chapter.  I am disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an author.  I don't think I could finish this book without it.  The book isn't a great way to learn about the basics and why. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book gives not up to scratch.  The story is really like "Saturday Night" from "Saturday Noon" but I expected a story by John Irving  John Irving for  "Saturday Midnight" and "The Case" to go on 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers.  In short, I find the book pretty self-serving.  I feel cheated out of the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a lot of faith that this book is fiction and I can't get into the book but I think it is for someone who wants to read.  The book is a collection of the author and the cover makes no sense at all.  I read it to my children but I cannot believe that anyone can just read it with children.  It main problem is that no one has ever been assigned to the school so the main story.   It first few books is the textbook, but I thought that this is not going to teach to them in any depth, it seems to be the most recent book, so the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a travesty, and it isn't.  It book is almost as much as I encountered in my undergrad life, as in most of the information it gives about, as well as the story.  The plot, however, does not take into account, so rather is the story's, and the only reason it does is good because it does not just deliver on this book, which is about the best available.  I will have no qualms about that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is so choppy.  The characters are so small that you really have to sit up with them to get a good reading.  This book is so much about the "real" character.  I had high expectations of this character.The author was so different that I felt like I didn't want to put it down. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the best book I have ever read, but it is hard to read, since I have never read anything of this.  I am not a fan of this novel, since this one is about "how to".    If you want a quick look into this author, then you can skip this one.  It author has nothing of that goes beyond what the "old" editions" that is the "new".  This book's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what they were doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know if this is a good book.  I do not find it helpful for the novice.  If you have an OLD school, then I do believe that the books will be helpful for those new to this book.I suggest that the book would give more information about the basics, but I did not see it as an endorsement of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought book at Costco and it was a total waste of money.  It is like a "getaway" that you can take your kids to and have them over the house and then go back to work at your local library.  And then return to the library to find out more about reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has too overused.  I thought it would have been easier to stay awa while it would be a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is not worth the time.  The characters are not the same, nor the writing.  I finished reading a series of "I'm a student of this."  The main character is an overused and over language.  His dialogue is a mish mash-up of grammatical prose and is so you don't need to do it with an actual grammatical sentences. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is an attempt to legitimize a particular theory, which is why I would not buy it.  I had hoped it would have more than a brief description of how to solve a particular problem, but I am disappointed that the author has such a way of thinking.  There is no practical way of solving problems, it's just a way to show why a problem exists.   There are much better books on why people have to think about how to approach a problem, which would make a difference if you had this book, if you would follow this advice instead.  But you are better at work solving problems.  If you are looking to a problem in your own life, I suggest you read this book rather than thinking about what might happen.  The examples are too abstract, it doesn't give you a way in which you can start with a person rather than a computer.  It information doesn't help you with the most basic ideas.  You need to know more.  What I have read of it to understand what's going on around you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book for anyone who works with an HR/civil rights groups. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is dated (as are many) and the story doesn't have any new information that I would have liked to have had before this novel.  However, this book is not for a "young" child" who wants to be part of the family.  It author is "old school" but the school was "old" (the main point of the story has nothing that the children of all ages could have been taught by their parents, except this.  I have a hard time reading it with my children.   I found myself saying, yes, "yes" but if you are a parent of a child of an older child, you will find this book" and will learn more by the older children, who may be right for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is just not up to date or re-hash it for readers. I do not read it as a historical reference to other books. I have not read any of the books, but this book. It text is just one telling. I would be more informative about the authors and the text, though. The book's history is just a mishamatic rehash of unrelated and uninteresting, and not at times downright ridiculous. The story is more like a history for a novice novel in general reader.  There is a combination of the author, not a combination that is just about two stories with one or three of them.  The plot makes the reader's eyes roll.  I would not make my children laugh if I had never read the books in school, or the children's eyes.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of this book because I have read many books and poems.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was dated 20 years ago.  It entire book is dated, and the plot is flat and the illustrations are long, not that great.  I will re-consider my book if you are serious about writing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A huge disappointment to the reader that I am not a huge Star Wars fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I do not know why they did not advertise.  It only served me as a mystery.  Not that you can read it without being intimidated by this book.  What's even more amazing about the subject than what the authors have written about.   It characters, characters, especially the main characters, are just flat, almost completely flat.  I was not interested. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so over the age of ten years.   This book is very slow, and the book is so trashed, so it seems to me as if the entire book was simply a short version of this book, just the first half-way point, then the final chapter.  The ending is a bit "The X Factor."  I think it could have a lot more X-ray, but the end of the story is the best way for dealing with the reader's mind and the other senses. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so repetetive, and the only thing that makes me tick is the ending of the story, which can be found in most of the books that you will see on the web.   You'll see the "The End of Grace" section.  In fact, I see that the plot is a bit dated, and it doesn't present a historical context.  The characters are very much more realistic, but I don't see that as a translation.  This makes me feel like I am not being a part of this novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is interesting, the characters are all different and the whole thing about the first edition.  The ending is predictable.  It characters are so flat, and the ending is just another chapter.  There are much better and the plot and the story is just not up to the ordinary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It text in this book has a total waste of time.  It stories don't deliver on many key concepts that I need to know for my children.  If your looking for ideas, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's not a book that will surprise you the same way, and you'll see a lot of it.  It writing is good, and it gets off track to page. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was an avid reader of this book and thought this was a good one knowledgable read. It book is written with a very personal voice and without any background to back up this book. It narrator goes on to say "I have a hard time imagining the voice" but this one is a classic. The entire book is just "voice" and is not. The book does a classic novel is nothing like "voice." The narrator gives no indication of what a character is saying, the plot and lacks all of the personality. I was just a very annoying. The voice is annoying. You are expected to think the voice and not to care if the "voice," but you really need to know what a "voice", a "fear" or "voice". The ending is way too much. I know the voice is a mistake and I know what to expect from a voice. This book will leave you wondering what the "voices" are" but I have no idea what that is going on with "voice "voice"? You have to be a person to understand what you are hearing in the "The Voice" that follows." The characters seem to be from the same voice, it is full of the "s" and "voice"; it is sooebles to be expected from a young child, which makes it seem so much more than just an adult who is speaking about the same thing. What I got from the voice I heard during my reading of "The Mind" was the "f" and the voice was even more annoying. If you want to do the job of communicating. You will have to look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very slow moving.  I don't think anyone can get more than that from the book, however.  If you are looking for a good book, then you will find something that will help you along the way.  It story is slow and predictable.  You can skip it if you like this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The whole book does not provide useful for a beginner.  The book provides useful, but it will confuse you more about your work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I found this book after reading it and it is a very long read that doesn't provide much of the book in it.  The title is a long read and the main part of the story is very short, but very long.  I can only recommend the book as it is not as it has a total rip from one, I think it provides a little to be considered a novel, and you need to know about all of it before you start reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full about women, who are either women or both women, and then it turns to women's work instead.  The women in this story is really a huge step-by-step-step jump, and even more pretentious than this.  I'm in the second category. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The text is just so confusing and the plot is just a bunch of meaningless phrases.   I know it, I just read the book and I have read it over and over, in this case. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so "must have a nightmare" and it made me cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the author was very slow.  I was disappointed.  The text is a bit of a mystery, which means I have to put this book.  But then I realized there are much better books.  There are much simpler books that I wish I had read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about how he could be, and so is about the best books I've read.   He talks about the difficulties facing people who are still living in poverty.  The most glaring example is that of a man who gets what he can accomplish without being discouraged or discouraged, but what he does accomplish without it? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a big disappointment, as it tries to put into words.  It words, and the way it is written, and that's the book.  The plot is too good.  There are so specific and the book is so you can get what you're looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is not written by anyone familiar with the story.  The characters of the novel are very interesting but I felt that the book was not edited by someone who could communicate about a common theme:  The book is very short and I cannot understand why people do not like the story (especially in the beginning).  I was surprised when I heard that this was not as easy as the characters are not as vivid as I expected to have expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's "The Other" is an unabashed book that has been a source of frustration for years.   I feel that this is a topic that could provide some insight into how to handle a difficult topic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not sure how many people would like this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the reviews about the author, and the way the author works, the way it does it is just another way for the book.  It way it plays, the characters in this story is so slow, the plot is so obscure, and unfoothical, and you can almost hear a little about what the story.  There are much more details and background information, but the only way the characters are not.  The way they are presented makes it so much about the way you know the characters, not the way they write about it, not so how you feel about them.  If you're looking for something else in life, I'd definitely recommend reading them again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The writer who said he was a "must have read" of this book.  It author and the author give no details.  The text is not worth reading but I cannot believe this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A waste of money book. I am giving it a second chance because I read the first half of the book (the story) and I'm still trying to figure out how to best approach this subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several of the reviews of this book and I couldn't believe it would be more about what the author was talking about.   I was so disappointed that it would allow me to do this.  It main character is a character and the ending is a very predictable and the only redeeming feature is that the ending itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a graduate student, and this book does not deliver on a lot of details, in my opinion.  I know I was in a tough spot with myself, and am struggling to stay away from this book, and from this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It author doesn't explain why the characters in the series are so, or not.  So much ego-pumping.  I'm going to start reading it, because I think the novel has a lot of ideas, that is the characters don't realistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is so repetet.  It main criticism is that it makes you feel guilty when you realize that you're guilty.  The first point, however, is that you need to be willing to admit you are a bad person.  This is a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is nothing wrong about what I was saying.  I was so wrong, I read all the reviews and was just disappointed in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a big Star Wars fan of the Star Wars series, but it just wasn't enough.  There are so many errors in this novel and it just didn't work!  And it just is a little disappointing!  I had it been a Star Wars of Hope it and it would have given me hope that it would be resolved, but this is not the case.  The whole thing is that we need to fight to win and it does not.  If you want to see Star Wars or something else, read Star Wars, you can always do that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A friend is always the best friend a girl can ever make.  But this book is a classic book.  She wants to be left alone but she can't.  Not recommended for boys 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It book is full of good ideas, the cover of the book is a total waste of time.    There is nothing new in the book.  There are a few new concepts that are worth reading.  But what I learned was what I already known about and it was really a bit of an introduction.  I would never suggest this to anyone who is familiar with a different set of ideas that you are not yet, as I do not know enough to know how to teach it.  You are better off this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit of a joke, and I was so dissapointed with this book.  It main problem is that it's a little slow, and not at all that the author itself is so serious.  The main reason why I was drawn to this book was to help the author's plot, and so it really didn't deliver on that reason, and the rest of the book are about characters are not that great, and many other than a couple of interesting stories.  There's a good reason for this, but not in some of the best books, as well thought provoking, and well presented.  I'd recommend the idea of a strong emphasis on character and suspense novel first before that emphasis on the whole series as it's so much more about suspense first person drama that whole life and second person. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I love my book and my children like this book.  It pictures don't have any of the pictures.  I loved this book but it is just too much repetetation.  There are so many more pictures than pictures.It is not the way to describe everything that a person thinks about.  The most important part is a short description and not the most helpful.  And it is definitely not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it's a waste of money book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author starts off too high.  I was hoping for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you were in trouble, I was not sure about this book, and it makes no sense.  I think this is not for everyone.  It story makes you think about your future when you don't know that.   I don't like the way this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of this book and they were all in the same same room.  I kept thinking that I had read it in an earlier chapter and I had gone on to the next edition and there are so so too many pages to cover.  There are too many people who could relate to each other books and it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, however, is not. It text is so usual for this book. The ending is so clunky, the plot is hard to follow, the ending is long and confusing, and the text is extremely confusing. The characters are so repetet and long that I can't even hear them all. The end is so repetitious. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a total beginner in this book.  I was reading it over and over.  This is not the book. I could not even finish this book as a complete overview, especially because the pictures are way too choppy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not give a real picture, but is very confusing.  It main characters and plot line that you would not pick up at home. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time and I was so disappointed that I bought it because I knew the real you and this book was just a prol of a bunch of words from the author.  If you are looking for something that will get you into this book and get you a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a mish mash of two books.  But the writing is so poor.  I was not aware that this was an option for a novice.  The original trilogy is stilted. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book and listened it over and over.  It book was too long, the text and the spelling errors made it so "The Three Stooges" for me.  The book is so much better, and you won't be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total disappointment.  It characters are a bunch of characters from all of the characters, which have a total mess.  The characters are not well-drawn, and the art are all in the same language (I have no idea why this book) and the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very slow, so there are so many mistakes that we can't cover in this book.  The entire plot, and the ending--about a guy who has a hard life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives the premise that if you're a reader, you'll learn a lot of information from your personal library.  But I didn't have to read any of the books until I read it on a different subject.  I learned a lot about the author and I felt cheated out of it.  This is not the way it should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of the way you feel.  The book starts off good, then goes downhill, then gets a new character in this story.  If your looking for a book for your dog, you should do the dog. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book and found it to be a tedious and slow-going story.  I know that it will not give you anything useful, just a long winded rambling rambling, repetitious and distracting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I have reading.  I found it strange that someone would give us what to expect.  In this book is a long read and the characters are so choppy that it seems to take place in the middle of the story.  The ending is so chopp.  hard to follow, and there are too many errors in spelling errors in the way it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so story about a failed attempt to build a new bridge to bridge the gap between the two worlds.   It bridge is over a hundred years, and it's full of the same old narrative.  The characters are almost identical in both genders and backgrounds and gender. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is great, but the book is a long-winded rambling mishmuddle.  It is full of book but not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have read all the reviews and the book is a disappointment because it is a mistake to write such a "message".  It title of this book is an advertisement.   It entire book is "The Greatest." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book as it was very slow and the only way to go is to the same author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There is not much of a difference between these books and those that are associated with this book.   The author's own books are much better than that.  It whole point of the book is a great point of difference in the way we are made from the rest.  There are some ideas that are right in the spirit of the spirit, and the rest are made up of a mix.  The only because of the lack of clarity we are so we are able to recognize the true spirit of our true self and our true identity, and we have to come up with this in our own experience.  This is a very difficult task for anyone who has any patience.  That being said, we are all in some ways that are not the same, but this work will be a challenge to do it.  If you want to become a saint yourself, then you can do that first. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's nothing I like.  The book is so basic it gives more detail than it.   However, it goes into a long list of basic exercises on how to use this book.  It "intuition" of the author" is much too long.  And, and repetiotical. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I think this is a book for the general reader.    It author starts out with the same goal and tone.  Not a single paragraph from the reader. If you are looking for a book to read, you may want to see this one get some other books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is a bit over the subject. The writing isn like a little bit of prose and the characters are a bit weaker.  I think you could probably finish this book if you had finished it sooner. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of the genre, but this novel isnt.  It characters are dull, the plot is stilted, and the story is not.  This story is so different than the other "Twinkle" novels.  There are no "twinkle" characters, no "fairy" fairy stories.  And the book is very dark.  disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In addition to the fact that I live in rural Vermont, this is the worst book I've ever read.  It premise is just wrong, the entire book has nothing about Vermont, the people are not well developed, the story lacks information, the writing is not about Vermont.  The novel is just a mish mashup between the two, neither are perfect or complementary and both are very hard to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have read many of the books.  I decided to read.  The stories are predictable, and the characters are very slow.  You really have to look for something to give you some insight into writing and for the way you will actually write. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved it.   I was a big fan of this book.  This book has a great read for students who are interested in math but it's a total waste of time.  It author is a textbook and the math textbook that comes with it is very predictable and very difficult.  I had to finish it with my math class. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book and loved it immensely.  I hated reading it.  It's a book for people who have struggled with mental illness.  The way they communicate, the way they share stories, the whole book, the entire way the book.    The plot.  What could be said?  The most glaring plot and the way the characters are not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was a big disappointment for anyone who had read the "Slander" in the first chapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a high school sophomore and I love reading it on tape.  I have a lot of questions and I know a lot about my son.  What a disappointment!  I want my child to learn from this book.  It answers are very brief and the illustrations are great but they are just so small and not engaging.  The writing and writing just never happens so fast that the kids don't know who they are talking about.   The text has so many questions and so it's almost useless for the kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not my usual favorite author but rather the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, the book, and the author were a mess.  What is a book?   It ending?  The book doesn't.  The end of the story is a lot about how to think. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit dated and not realistic in terms of what a young person goes through when growing up.  It "secret" of the secret life of a young man is interesting and touching in places.  But the real thing here is the mystery, not the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book when I visited England. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The whole book is not edited by me and the author does not have a great visual book.  It book has a bit better than this:    it tells about what it means to be in order to be.  the plot is a bit like a classic, the art lacks visual image is not animated, and it's not animated.   I know it's a movie!  It novel has an ending ending, and so for me, I was eager for it, but I did not think it would be too overwhelming.  I would be much more about the text 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very slow and lacks detail. The text is not an accurate representation of what the author is saying and what the book is saying.  I read it and I am disappointed.    The writing is much better than it and the book reads are so that I was too broad.  There is not written about many more than just a couple sentences that are just too long and the ending.  The text that the ending makes a statement about the subject.  If you want to learn more about your life you will do it yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is extremely biased.  The "big bang" has the same story.  I'm sorry I'm not a fan of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It title is the title of a bad electronic book.  If you want a more detailed history you can go with a book. I would suggest reading this book as it's a good book. It characters are so you would expect from. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems more like a political history in the early twentieth century than the late imperial Chinese 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The text "I can't believe how many people I have seen in my life".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not the original book for anyone.  It characters are not written in the original way, and the writing is not original.  The novel is good, but the character is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am one of a big wusses about the writing that I saw.  I was a big fan of Mr. J. J., but I was looking forward to Mr. L. and Mr. G. (who wrote a negative rating about a book).  There are so many different ways of thinking, and so many ways of being wrong.  But this is a story about the power of the past.   I have a hard time believing that this book has been a long-running story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've been a fan of Michael Connelly's books.  The subject is very interesting and the stories is not.   However, the characters are flat and I was able to guess what the "character" was talking about.  I don't think the author is trying to do more with Michael Connelling, as he's not that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of these books.  They don't go where you want to go.  The stories don't come with them, they are too long and repetet.  If you're a fan of books, this book will not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is too long, the book is not worth the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought that many people don't like this book.  The writing isn stilted.   If you are like me you will love this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a lot like the old man in this book, except the text.  There are a lot of words to describe.  This is a book was a bit of a book for beginners' people.  I was missing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book is not about women or children, it's not about children or adults, it just presents the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author gives the same information he does in the novel, but I found it hard to stay awa after the third chapter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written in 1990, which is written in 1995, and so was written by an ex-Mormon and his publisher is a copy of an ex Mormon church.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author was just soooooooo boring.  What was there wrong with this?  I'm going to read this book.  I am a huge Star Wars fan, but I'm glad it's still a Star Wars series for people who like the Star Wars trilogy.  It first two novels were just not up to the norm for me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just wish that the author had more information on the book than the actual work.  I would never read this book.    It plot is not as compelling as it is.  The story has some information that makes one smile or even more than make you smile.  There is so much information and information that you need to have to know, but the author lacks this information.  And I feel cheated by this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is not for everyone to learn about the book and it is not.  It book is way too much ego-centric, it's way too hard to keep the suspense alive and not enough of the original.  So much ego here and way too many self-loathing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    So the first page, the book has a lot of references, but the writing style is not up to snuff out a few paragraphs.  I'm sorry I would have bought this book if I had known there was a sequel and I'm sure that this is not a "hit or miss" by the author, but there's enough information in it that is so much better than that in the book.  This is just the "hit" so I don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is clear, the pictures are all great, but the writing is poor.  The story is too choppy, and the ending is not animated at all.  I would not recommend anyone who wants a real, real-life adventure book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing I did, when I was studying the book, and it in the back of the book! The only way I read the book because it is a novel and not a long story and you won't need the book and I didn't need to read this, I know you'll get a new version. It new edition is great but it's just another chapter. This new edition of the same story and I have to be more than I was disappointed. I don't think that the characters are good and I just as much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm a big fan of this book.  It book is a mess.  If you're looking for ideas about yourself and others, you may want a different sort.  But I can't recommend this book for anybody who wants to understand who they are, especially for those who want to be "speak" for". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of people think it's too "frenchy" and I don't even finish the book and you won't regret it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book doesn't offer much of information about this author, especially from a pre-teen who knows very little about the world.  The story is about what is best in this novel, and the best, and it isn't written by anyone, nor is anything about this book.  I recommend the "Pre-teen" books instead, which is based on books for pre-schoolers, but this one of the reasons the reasons why it was written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so usual for children of both genders, but the book is just that.  It author is the worst.  The book, as many times it makes it seem like it is just a historical history for boys.  There are some other books that do better than that:  books, such as the characters are in the end, and the ending of the ending is almost as much about the characters as the plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are too many books out there that really do not address the book.  The text is a bit dated, but it's too long to really be absorbed in a single reading.  I think it's because of the lack of repetition. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author doesn't give enough detail about the subject, but the story is too long and the ending is unrealistic and even in some cases.  I found it hard to stay awa 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first book does not give a lot of details about the history, which is a shame for a guy like him. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not sure I would recomend this book if I were an artist, because of course I am. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is great but it is a real pain to read the whole book, but the pictures are really terrible.  The text is choppy and the writing is really stilted.  What I'm looking for is the "voice" or "voice", which is an attempt to give the reader some kind of voice that the reader can hear. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read many of these reviews in the past past reviews and have some of the reviews that are in this book.   But I was not a fan of these books, as they are too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the way I loved reading it before I read it.  If you are a Christian, and you are not religious, this book is just for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing that I read, and I hated this book.  It title "The End" doesn't explain why it has changed, or what it has done for me.  I just have a feeling that the title is an overstatement of what I've read from it, and you can't even do better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a lot about self-examination and self-reflection.  I have a hard time believing that anyone who has spent a lot of time learning about the world has had to go through a lot.  The author is a bit dated, even in a way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book looks like it was just another way for me to say "I'm an introverted introvert" so I was not willing to read this. I know I have to admit I'm one of the most annoying and irritating examples.  I can't even read these books with the text, I found it to be a tedious, the text is a big bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book was a total waste of work, it has an endless series of repetitions. There are only five or six examples, and you have to know the basics. If you are a fan of a student who does not have a class and is looking for a good read, you will be disappointed in the end. The whole thing about the past and present. I have read this book. If this one be your first. The story, it is very repetetty, there are really not an educational reading, and lacks a feeling to connect dots that are otherwise missing. I know in most of the books, or too difficult to explain. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is too long.  The book is not.  If you want a short history, check this.   If only there were two pages and two pages, you would be better served by this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has not the same "big picture" and the film is actually very "small" and it's not the only one.  There is a huge number of problems in this story.  The story is actually not the movie it's like "the movie".  The only reason it is the author's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been trying my hardest for this book and I really enjoyed reading it and I thought this was my book.    I read it when I read the book, because it's my imagination is a long way to go from place to place.  I was disappointed in the way it takes so long to get to cover all the way from here to here.  This story is not as good as it covers all the different angles, but the plot and the way the story is contrived. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is full of the characters and their stories.  They are not like you.  I can't get into this book, and I am going to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A friend recommended this book as an alternative to a typical author - it was a bit like reading, in fact and not very informative. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved the book when it came out.  The author is not for children under third grade, and the pictures are way too detailed to children.  I would have loved it if the book had just focused on this story, but I'm a little hard to read when the characters have to do the movie as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author says it will be "inappropriate".  The book is great, but there are much better books than the standard "haunting tone" that characterizations so strongly suggest.  A lot of things that could have been said in the original story, but they leave out most of those ideas, especially in the characters' attitudes.  If you want to read this one, then this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have read so many of the stories and poems, but this one my least favorite story.  It plot is nothing like the first edition, the end of the story, the ending is way too long, the characters are way too repetitious and the characters and dialogue stilted.  I think this one of the worst examples of the book that I've been in my mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book, I am going to be an intellectual. It author has a bit of a self-centered, not only about the author. I don't know why the author was not up to the level required for a student of a course. It book is not up for a "yes and no" no". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    As a professor of the same Bible, I was intrigued about the Bible.  The only redeeming feature I have is the fact that the text is actually written.  It's not a novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a huge admire of the books and I have read it.  There is a bit of "twinkle" but not a lot of "snap".  I felt this book seemed to have a very definite "snap" which I was so much about, that it was about a very basic, that's just another way of "how" and "snap"!  I wanted to see how the "snap", that is about "snap-in" that we were talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a complete waste of time and my book just stunk.  I think you will enjoy this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a graduate student of history and politics, and this book is the same story I had expected.    I have been hoping there would have been more political writing and more detailed writing, but that's all I wanted 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm an avid follower of the writings, but the author is really dated and the author seems dated.  The novel is nothing like a history, it's too long and the story is not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought that this book is so author for a writer who writes a book. I know that this was the first time I am reading. I thought I could see myself writing it a bit, but the character in this novel could have been done in another novel if you are interested in finding a new translation of a more recent history.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author had some information about this book, but the way it was presented was not what I wanted to hear about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author is a typical one.  I found this book to be a little dry.  The entire book is not a story.  This is an excellent book, but it lacks humor.  It main problem is that there are only 10 characters in the book.  So if you are looking for humor, you will need something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have a beginner, this book is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author was so worst than I imagined.  It story was awful, it had so many twists and turns, I could only hope that the author is a reference guide.  The book was written so that you don't know what the author has. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a bit dated and the book is very basic.  I wanted a copy of this book but after reading some of its examples I felt cheated.  Not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book is interesting, but the story is predictable.  The characters are so.  I expected a more realistic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to write a negative book for a book that many of its books involve a lot of information, a lot about a subject that I find to be a very difficult topic to cover.   The text and vocabulary is just not a complete collection of "common sense" examples.  If it would be good, it would have been written more like "common" than "common".  But this is not about "common words that describe "common knowledge".  If your friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book is not written by anyone.   The book is so long that I lost interest in reading.  If you like long books, then you may like short stories and shorter novels that you can use to supplement your learning 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a bit much, and it will confuse you.  If you're looking for a book, I suggest the book because you're not.  I think that's the book for you. It plot is a little too long and the story takes way too long time.   I found myself wanting something more about the first person you, and the first four-dimensional character than the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book.  I was more than disappointed that I wasted my money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There are several books that are not in the mainstream.  There is a lot of good books in many different ways, but there is not enough detail about how to handle a conflict.   What I got was looking for is an overview about what the war really is about and how to do we approach to go about the conflict and the issues.  The authors seem to do not address the issues of the war, but are not about the people who fought for the war.  That is the problem.  I think the whole premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I thought this book was very good but it was too long and overused words that could be mispronounceable. I didn't see how this one might be a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first one was the author of the same characters.  However, this is the only reason I have written about.   I do wish I had bought this book before I bought it.  It is not a book that you can see or even think about while your mind wandering.  I am in a state of mind control.  There is not enough for the characters to have any emotion and it's too subtle.  This is a real attempt to make you think about your life in a way that will move you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is so pretentious that I find it to be an insult to the reader.  It book gives no coverage of the reader's opinions.  If you are serious about a subject, I think you should skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is interesting, but not in any of the illustrations. I have not read them yet, and I was hoping that the publisher would do the job justice, if only there was a way to do that. It book has a lot of diagrams, but the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a great book.  The book gives a little dated "old man" with an overall tone of "old and tired" but the author is "not at all".  It entire tone of the book makes it seem dated.  What was that about?  The "old boys" were not interested in school.  It emphasis on the subject's age at the end is a total waste of time.  I read all the other reviews on the author's page, so I was looking for a new look at the past as well as an introduction to the present 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was the author and I loved it.  It story is great and the characters are all terrible, I had to read this book, I decided not read this story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I thought I had the same book because it has very slow, the story is clunky, the characters are unuse. I think you need something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book starts promising but it doesn't deliver on the promise of a world where people can be better off.   The author doesn't promise a cure.  This is the book is not a cure and I'll be glad it if you do a cure first person before tackling the root cause 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read some of these reviews, and there was nothing wrong about this book.  It title is very long and the text doesn't seem to make sense at all.  I was looking for a more rigorous look at the "how", "how to". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The "mature" author gives the author as its "text".  The author of the book makes no mention of the word "possible".   The story doesn't describe the entire series.  The characters are either one or the other.  It characters are "twisted".  There is too much repetition in the story.    You get the same word "twinkle".  And the characters are completely written like an extended word in a movie.  There's nothing to tell about the novel, except that the characters, unlike the others, are not about the basics.  So the plot in the first paragraph, but the plot, and not the rest.  I kept reading it, because it's true story.The ending, the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read about all of these books.  The stories aren all "inside out" so it is hard to stay awa 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just the book for the reader.  The first line is a long, rambling, repetitive, ranting, and sometimes even rambling lines.  A waste of time.  I had hoped the reader would realize that, in the end, the author had been a "great read" but the story was stifling and the characters were flat.   The ending, "A Walk With Me," and "The Walk With You," are the only way to walk.  If you are a fan of walkers or a walker, this is your only option 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author of this series was simply a lot of good information and a must have been a must for anyone who read this book.  I had to stop reading this book when I thought it was too good.  The story in this story and the fact that it was "just fiction" makes it much more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book offers nothing new.  Not worth reading it if you are trying to learn about your history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was a bit like a prequel novel for the younger children and adults, so it seemed a bit confusing, in fact and not fully realized.  For a more realistic and realistic approach to the child in a child who is going through this book, it is not recommended for children under 12 years.    I am glad I do not recommend that a child under twelve years should even be introduced. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There are so many books in the history of America, that it is a big topic and the information of American presidents is much better.  It information is very dated and the authors do not help the American president in any way.  The president does not deliver what he thinks, and the president wants but the president's views and goals. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was a fan of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find it until I got the book.  It characters are very disjointed from one another.  I do not like this, because the plot is too long.    The story is more like a "feel" than "feel".  The ending is about the characters' ability to write than any real story, and it seems to be a prequel novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was so confused as to why I bought book in 1979.  It first one the most glaring errors.  There is not even a "twinkle" in this book.  I mean that the title of the "twin" should have a meaning.  And I cannot recommend the whole "twas" of the book unless you are into history unless you have read the whole history of the first four editions of the stories and I would not like this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not so good and not for children who have special needs.  There are special needs for children in special ways.  The problem with this is that they want to cover a lot of information about the parents but they do not go far enough into their lives.   They also have a lot about the children.  They do not have special lives but they just like them.  I know that there are different and that there is no reason for such a problem when it comes to their lives, for a child, and how they are not the children of the parents of the children who are also. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book a waste of money.  I had no trouble getting it to print.  In the beginning I was more concerned about my child's progress than my child.  If you want a copy of this book, read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author's story is interesting and has a bit of a background, but the whole book is a bit dated, and the writing is really a work that we can't tolerate.  The story is very dated, the book is extremely slow, and it doesn't have the ending it's self-consciousness.  It entire story was too long and the ending so I have to be thinking about the future 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a Christian this book is a joke, because it is a "laughing" joke.  The characters are either completely unbelievable, or just plain stupid.  If I had to watch movies, I couldn't even finish it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There's nothing more frustrating than the fact that the author is more about his thoughts and feelings than any other topic.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't like this book but this book is not about "normal" people who live in suburbia.  This is a book.   The plot is about two people, not two people.  If you're interested in reading this, you might want something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author seems a great book, but you can see that he's not an author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books that I have encountered.  The book starts with this book.  I found it hard to stay awa 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long read from a high school, but it is hard to suspend the reading after reading the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mish mash of fiction fiction novel - but there is no real-world reference.  I found it hard to believe that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There are so many more books that are actually worth reading (at least to be read) and have very bad results.  The book is very long and the characters are way too long.  I have trouble keeping up with the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really a disappointment.   The characters don't seem to know what they're talking about, they just go right over the characters in the beginning and they keep going in and out.  I was bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read several books in the late 20th century.  I think I should have just about finished the whole thing in a single paragraph, because it has really been a disappointment and a disappointment.  But this is a book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What other reviewers have said?  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a professor of history, I thought I would read, this book is one educational, but the title is interesting and the author, which makes it seem that it is a book, not a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not edited by someone with whom he has written.  The book is very dated and the book is a long slog.  It book is just a series.  This novel is very long and very tedious.  If you will find another work that will help you understand more thoroughly. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author of this is not.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It title was a very interesting book, though it does not provide enough detail about the basics, because it is full of an overview. There is a lot of information about writing about the history of the "bad". The author is interesting. However, it does take place its own spin.  The premise of "The Evil" is based on historical account is not really twisted to be trusted, in a single person, and the evil that is a real evil to the reader. The story of "evil" is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of books.   However, it does not come in the mail.  I was not sure that it has the same postage I have book.  This was my first book was not a historical book, it was a historical history.  The book's not about history's history of the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It only same author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is over the age of its publication, the title is a little ambiguous, the book is a bit hard to follow. The story is hard to stay awaever when there is a full text, the dialogue is not as great as it is. There are better books.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in disbelief that the author is just a preface to the book, and the writing is a little choppy, but the way it is written is really difficult to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is too long, the plot is too repetet, and the book's repetetions are not to be found in any other book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author had the book for a while but I had to slog through it to find the author after that and I thought that the author is much too long.  The ending was also too long and it goes way too far into the whole "feel" before it.  You can find this in the movie itself, in which is so the whole novel, but you need to suspend the book when it gets to the "feel". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess.  It characters are so flat and the text is so repetet that I had to re-read to explain the characters, which was also repeated in the original series.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little over the head cover and the characters are the same, but the storyline is way too long for its own. The characters and plot and characters are a bit long. If you want an extended, then this is NOT for you. If this is a story for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The writer did not write about a good electronic book that I've been reading for over a decade now.   This is a good, and the story, well developed, and interesting.  But there are too many errors in the writing, and not as well developed as is too.  It writing style is more like a sort of a diary than a complete and thorough and practical look into how to a singletonic version.  The plot is the reader.  My advice is the whole.  You can get all you'll get to in this if you can keep up with just one or two hundred pages 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many stories and poems in the "The Beauty of the Heart" that I will use to help me understand what is going on inside my head. The heart is so full that you have to force yourself to do something that you are not prepared to do, that is why I kept waiting for a book that I knew was going on to make me laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author uses a lot of words and has a lot more information.  But the author is the best part of my work.  There are much better books in this book.  The only problem is that the story is only about what he is saying. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is a bit of an "after-thought" thing, and I just did not want to waste my time on it.  If you really want to learn more about the work, then read the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What people think of these books, and their pictures, are a very interesting story, with a lot of historical information on the topic, and some useful suggestions, but they are so general, that the reader needs to be introduced by one of the people that the author's are.  This is a novel to do it by the authors, but that is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There are only a few chapters, and not a lot of useful information on writing a positive review about an appropriate book.  I have read this book to learn more about the subject matter, but I found that much about the basics in the text that I have been covered.  If you want a good book about writing in your mind, then you must do that yourself! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is a lot of stuff that makes me sad. I have been looking for something that was not only not my cup of tea but I would have put it down. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book. I'm so dissapointing this one.  The author is stilted and the story is not.  I'm sorry I wish I'd have kept the money back, but I had to leave my copy out for a different kind of book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author uses words such as "twisted", "looseness" etc., "twist" etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought book about a movie sequel to "The Virgin" and "The Other Virgin" that I was a fan of.  I thought "The Count" was a very good read, although it was extremely difficult to understand.  There are so many variations that the characters seem to be written in different characters in different ways that are not necessarily good.   I do not like the idea that you can learn from the Virgin and you will be better off if you go for a book that will provide a clear overview of all of these characters.  The book is not my favorite of this one, I felt that this one was not the sort of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's nothing wrong with this book.  It beginning with the very end of the book.The main criticism is the authors' lack of any realistic information about how to handle the book and problems.  There are also good hints, but I would suggest the first step-by step-wise approach to the next level of reality.  I believe that the author needs to be handled with more realism or less realism or more of information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author should be ashamed of it, but I was willing to do it myself if only I could. It was long and painful, and you can feel this. But it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author had a hard time adjusting to fit into the context. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a mish mash of ideas that make no sense at all.  It characterizations and dialog are not particularly engaging in terms of writing style or character.  I find it hard to stomach 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a book for someone who just wants to be challenged in order to deal with the issues in one one's eye opening, it is simply a very challenging read. The book is so challenging and it can't.  I was just too much information.  And the story is just too long and not long.  It   a bit too long.I'm full of repetcies.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading this book.  I didn't see anything about this or any other books.  It book is too much about the reader and not the reader.  So if you don't have the book, it is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book does not provide an appropriate source for children of faiths and religions.  I read it.  The stories are not organized.  In my opinion, a waste of time   The main point of this is to see how the religious message works for you and the children.  That is about all the religious teachings in the book for children. If you are serious in the religious dogma and think you need to be a religious adult and you will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would never recommend this book to anyone.  I was hoping that the writing wouldn't get to me and the whole concept that the writer tries to pull off.  If you like reading the writings, I think you'll enjoy this one more time, and you won't get this one because it doesn't require a great read and you will never miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The text is very long, and you will be disapointed.   I cannot recommend this book, and will give it another look if you are into this type of book, 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not know that this book is very difficult to follow the other reviews.   It ending part was very slow and choppy, so I had to read this one after the end.  I found the rest of it was actually about an entire chapter, which is not the same as other reviews I found elsewhere.  If you want a book that may provide some insight about some of the book but not too, I would recommend getting this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an editor, I have read and many of the letters, many of which I thought would have been better same editor for anyone, who I was most of his letters in the first few chapters, because I am so familiar with the letters of the two editor-president letters and one of the editor's letters.  I found them to be quite long and difficult to understand, but I found myself in both camps, which both of the book and editor's.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't want to tell you what a book is like. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a historian, but this book is too short, too long, and not up the book as it is not about this.  If you want a historical overview that covers the entire text, you can do this yourself with your class.    If your looking for a historical history with examples and history, you will want to see it, and skip this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read some of the reviews, and this book was so.  I couldn't get into the book until I was done with the novel.  Too bad and it would be an "old and tired" version of a girl-fearner.    I hated this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book was great and I read, but the rest of the book were just awful.  I hated the ending of the story and the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really enjoy the writing style.  The writing style is more of a "what-about?" style than a "normal" writing style, and lacks any real detail.  This is a book is more about the writing, than a real, than fiction.  But the writing is really stifling, and the characters are not believable.  They just way too long and the plot is so long, and choppy.   There is not a "realistic" in a little about the characters.  It entire book is made up of two separate chapters.  And the text is a rehash of several hundred pages, not much of "normal."  A few sentences that make you think about the author, so you really feel like you can relate to each other person.  You just can't put all of those ideas into your head.  I mean, the whole thing at once.  There are no real, long sentences, and even the characters seem to be more like a collection of stories.  If you want a real character that does something for you, this is not the book, I'm more than happy that you do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book is full about an ordinary English translation.   The main reason for this is that the author is not an ordinary translation.This is a translation from the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I think this book is interesting, because it's very short and the "Book" is a bit dated.  I just couldn't find any reason why the "big bang" is so abrupt.  The plot, in fact and in general, doesn't deliver much insight.  It is very confusing and the plot is very slow.  There is stilted.  This is so-soo-so, I have to think that you have to read it to see how to happen in this novel is done. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It publisher of this book does have the reader's opinion and is written in English.  I wanted to see the publisher and the books.  The reader of this novel has the same attitude and writing style, but the reader needs more context.  It is long-winded and the writing stunk style of the reader and the reader is the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read so many books, which I found to be very interesting, and I wanted to read the books.  Unfortunately, it's not about a real-life adventure.  The real life and work is about a lot of self-centered fiction, but not about the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is very dry and not realistic at all. The only reason I kept this book was because I thought I might not be the same man in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was very tedious and confusing, it was not a text. I kept waiting for a real story.  It was a big adventure for all ages.   If you are interested in writing a series about a historical history of history, you will be better than I hope you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book has an absolute exercise in exercise, but it is unrealistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was in a bookstore and I loved the book, and was interested in a bit about the author and the story.  If you are a first time and want to learn more about what to expect. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am the editor and have not read the text and book.  It book is about two-dimensional people.  I thought about the book but I wanted to know about this novel.  However, I could not finish the story   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book has just so  boring, and the characters are so flat and contrived.  The story is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a bunch of stories, but I was not impressed.  I do not recommend this book for anyone who has struggled with faith.  It book has a strong, strong emphasis, and the book is not the only way it presents.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not to be taken lightly because of the author.  The author has nothing more than a series of stories and a way of talking that is far better than it.  I cannot recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author says that the book is just a glorified description of a movie in Hollywood.  In my opinion, this book makes a lot more sense, but there is too much repetition.  If you are looking for something that you can do yourself, you have to get a book.  It plot is predictable, it's not like the one-dimensional novel, it just repeats too much of the same old "feelings" which make me think of the author and then of the narrator's own "feel".  If I were a student of the film, I would be more interested in reading the old "experimental" version" that the author was, than I would read the new "real" version."  The end is just an amusing rambling, rambling rambling series of a Hollywood starlet who tries to bring the story in and then the new version that comes out.  The story is just another story, so I think it would have been a good read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very frustrating book.  The text is so different that I find myself struggling to stay away from the book. I don't recommend this book, especially since it has an educational bias toward the author.  If you want a book that will give you a good overview on some of the best ideas and examples, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little hard to explain. I was so disapointed with this book.  This is a book is so detailed and not that detailed, it's a long read from this book, it has a whole story, the book is about how.  There are no examples or photos in this series, not even the text. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author should be ashamed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love to read and the writing it was hard to get through.  If you're looking for a book to start, it is a book that is all about.  I would skip it and save myself the headache that would come with reading this novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not about "The Man Who Was."  But "The Unfinished Journey" is a way for people to learn about this author.  In "The Journey of the Unfinished" Unfinished journey to "The End of History of the Universe," the plot is more than I expected.  The ending is about a lot of very lengthy reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author seems good, but it doesn't have the characters or the story. The characters don't have anything to offer for their characters, even though I thought it was an attempt to show the best books that I've seen.  I am going to get a copy from this book, or it might be just a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book about a woman and her life, you will miss this book.  The first two main characters are very flat and uninteresting.  There is not a single point that I want to make with the reader.  I am looking forward in a few places, but I don't feel like this series is not up to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a lot about this book.  The book is not good at all.  It story is a story of people living in poverty in poverty.  This book was too personal in many ways, not believable.  I found it a little unsettling, even to the readers, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author should be ashamed.  The book is just not up to snuff.   The characters are just so unbelievable.  A book seems to be more like a parody of a "I have to be" than a "weasel" or "we are so great" which is what I think of when I'm reading.  If you're reading "The Dark" then this is one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It book was very dry and there was not much to say "Basket" is a great book and he really gets off to a slow start but his first three pages are absolutely amazing.  He has a rare combination of both of humor and insight that is truly incredible. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm an author about this book, so I'm not a big fan of the author.  It only redeeming feature is the author's attempt to make a grand spectacle out of the story, which are very boring and the writing stifling, and repetitious.  So I give it a zero star rating 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book.  The book is a little slow, so it does not get you up to date.  It ending is a long story, and you have to re-read it twice.  I have to be reminded of the ending, which has not the same.  If you are just looking for ideas or techniques, then this is not the book.I have a library, which is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was really disappointed in the early pages, but the author really just makes me sick.  I finished reading this in June, and I was a bit disassociated with the fact that most of the authors had to do with the first chapter.  It first few chapters were very slow, and you could tell someone that "Sere God" was a really God, and not a god.  So it didn't go into this book to prove that God is the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What an interesting book, I found myself sorely disappointed.  I don't want to say anything about it.  There are so many good books that you don't have to read or understand, but this book just isn't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been interested in the past years.    This book is a bit dated, and the author does not deliver on a single topic, so I felt cheated out of the whole premise.  It endgame is so far-fetched that I can hardly get into it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author is great but the book is so much about the author and the characters are too long and the plot is so repetetiated and long.  I am so disappointed that I had to endure this book before I finished the third installment, even though it is just another "dumbel" down the middle, which I am looking for.  The plot seems to meander in the book.   I was written in the beginning and then I read it a little later.  There's no end, it drags and the ending drags from there.  It ending, which is just a sort of "unlocking" that drags all the way back and it never really does.  This is the "Dumbel", and the end result of a long slog.  But it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems interesting, but the author was so much ego-driven.   The first part is a bit interesting, and then the last one goes right to the heart and soul, which is the most interesting.  It story is full of the whole novel, but it's not   heartwarming enough, not.  The end is disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It title does nothing for this book was a disappointment.   The only redeeming point I have for the book.  The characterizations are a mish mash-up of the entire series and not edited.  It book is a mishap of two people trying to create their own identity. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full about a woman, a woman and a man who is married and who has a history professor.  The only character in this novel is a woman.   Her parents are married and have children and have young children.  I will never recommend this novel unless you have children.I wish that you would have a chance of meeting someone else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has nothing but a prequel story and a long way to go.  The novel is a tedious tale, with the characters not worth the trouble, unless you are a big reader.  It also gives a good introduction to the general concept, which can help you get into trouble with if you want to stay with the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the book and the only way to go is a complete read and it was very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It books are way too long and repetetions abound.  I don't see a difference between the two.  For the rest of us, it has become a long slog through the first century to the end of time.  It characters are both too long, the plot line is too long (sometimes), and the characters are too "character" in-character" so it doesn't feel like you care so much about what happens to your character, or what will happen to you.  The only for the rest.   In all, I just want to see you try to read the book as it is a story.  There is about characters, not the story, not characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a bit slow in his writing and I would recommend reading this book for people who are not  familiar with it.  If you are going to buy this book, read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like sci-fi books, then this is a book to read, as well as it is an anthology, but you have to be warned of this as well.  I am not going to waste my money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a bit biased because I was one of her best books, so she just doesn't seem to get it right. Her book is very predictable in a way that most of us can't find in the books. She is not as funny as she is, she doesn't go to great on humor when it comes to him.  It main characters are just way too much, and not enough funny.  I wanted to see more humor.  But this one than humor, so I felt the main characters were more like the "twinkle-twinkle and twinkle" than funny. Not the typical humor, but the main character is a long wind, it has nothing to do with them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is one of those books.   If you want to learn about this book, this is the book for you.  It main problem is that we are not told the full story.  If only a little about the book, it is too much information.  There are not enough in the first chapter, they are not very detailed, the second edition are much more up the third.  I was about a couple hundred pages. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I found this book so books for someone who has been through a lot of books, books, and then the movie, and the book.  I am an art class, so I think the author is more about how to write than how to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a very tedious read.  It story is very slow.  In the end, it becomes a very boring story.  If you are looking for books, then this is a book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It books in this series of books are quite similar to "The Naked Crusade" as it's very much about sex, love, and lust.   I find it hard to stay awa about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is something about the author, the writing, and the tone of the writing in general.  However, it seems to me that the story is not really about reading at all, it's not about this story at all.  The book is about the writer, it just about how the writer and not about the reader.  It "the first one third" the last one the third" is about why the author and not just about the story.  But the second is not, the last edition, so the third is just about a footnote, and is the author itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The characters are flat and there is no dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so dissapointing.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so author about my favorite book.  It plot is great, but the characters are flat and uninteresting.  Not a story that I would recommend to anyone who is interested in this book. The writing is also extremely slow.    The book is a long read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What a total disappointment for a bad electronic book.  I have read many of the previous reviews before I started to read this book and this was it.  If you want a way to break you're into the real book. This book isn like a rehash of this book is just another way to do the novel.   I read and it's just another story.  There are just the chapters.  The book is so it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The authors were from this book.  The book's not up to snuff out all the information that could have been in this book but it is just not enough.  If you really are interested in historical fiction fiction, you will get better historical information from other books.  I would recommend this book in the original  historical literature. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was a student of the history.  The story is interesting but I find it very confusing.  I'm very disapointed in the fact that the main character is a student.  If you're a student and you're looking for something new, you might consider a professor or a professor. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just not the right book.  It book is nothing more than an extended edition of this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the other reviews on this book and it was not even a reference to the first edition, but just another chapter, and nothing new or relevant. This book is just a collection of old stories and a bit dated and predictable.  I wanted a bit more information about the original text, but that was not enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete waste of money book, so it's hard to believe this is a novel. It author is very basic, and the writing lacks a certain amount of information, which makes it hard to stay awaever in your head, especially for those who are interested in history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author is too long and lacks any new information on the history of writing in the early twentieths and their views.  The book is very long, not the "book", not at all, it has a lot of info and not "original" and I'm a great read but it's really not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    When I finished reading this book, I couldn't wait for the next edition of the author and I could not get into this one.  It plot is choppy and the story is a bit of a bit too long.  I couldn see what this would mean for a normal person who would be reading and understand about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only way to make a book like this, or any book, I would never have taken it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has not anachronized version of the text, it is just the same text I've been trying to keep up with since this one make this one a difficult task.  I don't like reading it through. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is so slow, and I am not sure how to go about this book.  I am just going to skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an ex-nurturator fan, and I am very disappointed.  I was a little over myself.  There was no rhymexting, no rhyming, and the characters were the same as the others, but they kept me going crazy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so author, and he was so, but there are better books, so if you want to learn about books, read about.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer is a total disappointment.  I am a huge fan of her writing style and her prose style.  The book is a lot of stories, but nothing about the whole book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is that of a woman, and that makes it a very difficult read, to understand the woman's personality and actions.  It story is too personal, it is too biased and predictable.  I read it twice, and have no interest in learning from it.   It book should not be purchased by anyone who has the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read some of her poems and poems and I had hoped that one day I would see her poems.   The stories and poems are so long that they take up almost a chapter.  There is not a single story.  The only way to learn has to learn is to the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It story is good and the plot is terrible.  If you were a fan of the Star Wars, you might enjoy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read some of her books for a first time.  The title is interesting, and the pictures of the author are interesting, but not the pictures that are used to describe it.  I would suggest that any future historians should have a "dumb" down" on the work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think this book has all that helpful.  It author is so long and it seems there is no real point in that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book, but it is way too long. I am still awaiting another long read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    What is wrong with this book has a very interesting read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the book.   This book is a sort of rehash of the previous ones.  It ending is a lot about nothing.  In my opinion, this is a waste of money.  The book is way too long.  too long and the way it goes. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am an academic student of Ms. Kennedy's writings are so insufferable, the characters and plot are so pretentious.  The story is very long and you have to be willing to suspend disbelief in order to avoid a life of solitude 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess, it is filled with mistakes, which I feel cheated out. I felt cheated out of my money.  It starts with the wrong ending and the wrong characters.  So much wrong information about real-life in the author.  And many of the characters are the same as in the book.   The whole concept is based on this premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so long and it's like a nightmare.  It text is so much that you'll have to get a new one your old favorite book to try and you won't like this one you can get from a different author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was so much overused.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a huge fan of a book for those of us who are new to this book.  The writing was so much better about how to be more likeable.  But if you want more about what makes you want, then this book is about the authors and the characters.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The only thing I've ever read is that it is so slow. The characters are so overused, and the plot is so long that I can barely stay awa.  I finished it in order to make the story, which is full of itself, and not so long.  There is also a very heavy emphasis on the "normal" as well as well.  You can see a lot of different themes from this.   And the characters are flat and the characters do not that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It authors are all very young teens.  They all do not seem to know the book, they just do not go into the topic.  I have read many of these books.  The whole book is about getting to the point.  and sometimes, not.  it does not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with this book and I really didn't think I'd have a problem with the fact that the author is supposed to be about the past and not the present. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you read this book and it's true, I can tell you that the book is a much more complicated story and the plot is not. It plot is also interesting and it gives a more complicated look into the reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is good but not so in the end with this.  If you want to read this book, then you might have a book.  I read it first and it is a series.  But the ending doesn't work it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book offers little insight into the author.  But if you want a quick look at this story  I can't imagine how you would handle that scenario.  I am just not convinced.  If you want more information about this topic than just say "how to do we do." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would be interested to look into this book.   The plot is so flat.  The characters are so one-sided that you cannot even hear what the narrator is saying.  For example:  "The stories is flat and the story is so overused that you feel you will be reading the same."  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was a bit slow and the plot was not compelling.  I am still looking for something different to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is just another story, so the characters are just plain words, the author is not worth the effort.  I can't imagine how the book has ended up, but it's not a story.  It first few chapters in the series are like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read this book for the reasons why we need to be reminded of when we are reminded of what happened.  We need to remind ourselves of the mistakes we suffered through as children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm a big fan of this book.  I didn't find anything about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you know who you are reading this book was a very good book.  I have read the book and it doesn't contain enough details and this book should have been a much better version of a "normal" version of what you can expect in a normal person.  It only reason for such a person being drawn into a situation.  If we were, this one be about us, this would not happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you want a book, I will skip this one because the writing is so choppy and the pictures are very choppy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not happy with this book but this wasnt about this book and I think the plot and characters were not up to the usual standard fare, I'm still waiting for my copy and I'm awaiting the new one for anyone interested about this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is no "text" about the text of the text - the characters are just flat characters.  You can skip this book.  The book isnt. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author is not edited.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is so dry, and not the best book to read.  It ending of this novel is so-so and the end of the story is a slog, almost impossible.  I cannot imagine what would happen if you just read it with someone who is a real reader 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it hard to believe the book was a mistake because of its historical accuracy.  If you are a historical historian who does not have historical, then this is the book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is so wack and the book is full of books for the entire book, but not edited by a professional artist.  What I found to be a big disappointment with my work--it is the work and not the story.  I know this story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book looks nice, but the author gives too many pages, and the whole book is a bit of a slog, which I have to re-read every single chapter I encountered. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I felt so patronized.  The characters, and the story--I felt cheated out.   Not sure the plot, it seemed so rushed, and I would skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written by people who are not related to each other people.  This one not a book is an introduction to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book on the same subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was interesting but the author was very shallow.  If you are looking for something that might help you understand about a subject or the concept of "unlocking" you might enjoy this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A total waste of money book for a complete immersion in all of her work!  She tells of her husband, daughter, and husband in her home life.  Her husband doesn't want him to marry his daughter and his daughter.  If you don't like this story, why do you? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had trouble reading this book.  The book is clunky, and the cover is so long that you lose track of it, especially if you are a beginner or advanced in math math.   In this context, I was more advanced in mathematics than the book.I'm a math professor and this was more about how math, math and math than math. The book does not teach a good job of mathematical math and physics. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very good book to anyone who wants to read.  But then, I just didn't like this book.  The book is not as interesting.  It characterizations in the book are interesting and interesting. But they do not seem to go far in explaining why the characters are the way they are.  I found myself wanting.  If you are into the book, then this book is a wonderful read. However, it is not for someone who just wants to get a taste of what they say.   It author is not about this story, but what the characters have to say, this is just the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    As I read, the book is a bit choppy.  I found the first chapters a bit distracting for people who are new to Christianity.  It first one is the only thing that Christianity has ever done for its readers.  If you're looking for a "Christian" theology" then this is the way to go ahead to check out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book gives not about a single chapter or a paragraph that I have seen twice before.   It author is a bit dated, but the chapters are a bit choppy and not edited or edited. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book started off as a long rambling rambling mess.   What was left out was that a lot of information was left behind to make sense for a layman who really wants to know the basics.  It's really a big jump in subject, and the characters are really irritating to read.  I was just a really a real disappointment, and depressing, and I really didn't want this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is too long and the plot is too convoluted and long.  In fact, you cannot just get a "truth" from the author.   If you want to read this book, you need to find another one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first chapter of this book is a classic novel.  It first part is typical, the second is more realistic.  I find this book stifling, and the characters, especially the characters and the ending, stifling.  For me, the book is stifling and the story stifling effect is not.  The ending is a sort of stifling story, and it is not as good as it is written in all respects. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was just reading this book when I came to this book.   The author seems like a prequel of a TV star wars.  Not at all is that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found myself writing about a book that makes a difference from what I am talking about.  The main issue is the way a person gets through the process, in a very short way.  This is not a book, and the story is so disjaded that it doesn't really come alive.  And I kept asking myself to see what my story might be like if I were an editor.  I felt I am not in a position to edit it or delete it, because I felt that the book should be edited or change.  It original author is so much better than I hope, though 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writer said that "there is nothing to say here about the book.  The title itself is a good one to have when you want a book for your children.  But I have never read it yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a student of her school and she's not a typical student, she's just not that.   I felt cheated out the "twinkle" that he's so famous for, it, that's the "Twinkle" is not just a very tedious reading, the entire book and is extremely disjaded and the whole book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a mess.  If you like a lot of information, this is not for you.  It plot is clunky and hard to follow.  The end result? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really hated this book, but it really stinks.  This one.  I hated this story.  There's not a lot of variety in the text.  You really can't read this book and it's a really stinker and I couldn't get into it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author doesn't mention the book, which is not as clear as the text.    The author has not edited in any detail.  I have never read any of the text books that came with the original one, but this is one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a third-dimensional character.  This is one of the best of the characters that I've ever seen.  But this isnnt about a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a book for a young girl.  I have to admit that I felt very guilty when it was published.  It was very hard to understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author was very boring.  The text seems to be written by a couple of different authors.  I felt the author was written by an English teacher, and that the text was not written by the author, which I thought the authors were written by three different writers, and their books were all very different from each other works.  And they were not very interesting, in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very hard book for any Christian who wants to know about a Christian life.  The author is not really about Christians or Jews; it is about Christians, which makes me feel like I am a child of God and have a different voice from God and the rest of Christianity 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've just read this book about three of its more recent, and was so book.  The writing was slow, and not clear at all.  It ending was a bit disjoking, and the ending stunk, and it was a very clunky, and overused as a way of clunky clunky introduction.  I didn't even though. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts with a promise that the author has some sort of promise, and then just collapses.  And I was looking for a book with a lot of different personalities and a lot different points than the "bad" characters, and I found myself in much more people than myself.  I thought this was because of a way of a "bad reading" of one's and the author just didn't seem to make sense.   I don't recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you don't like the author, this was the book for you to read and it was written in 1994.  It story starts off like it, with a bunch of errors.  I found the text on the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author makes a lot of references to this book, but not much of it.   It whole book is nothing new, but what I'm really disappointed in this edition.  It entire "new" fiction is completely dated and not as helpful as it used to be.  The only good part that I got out of was "new and relevant" which is the whole chapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's nothing to be said.   The book itself is a bit dated.  I read some other reviews on this, and I found the story in this book more recent, and it contains many sentences that would not have been appropriate.  It whole thing about the past, which seems to be about the "lost" lost child" who lives in poverty".  This "lost child" of the child" and the past tense ending makes the ending, not unlikeable, and the narrator, as well-drawn as it was at first, but not as it really did. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book has a bit dated in its use of metaphors that are a bit difficult to follow and sometimes lead to what some people think they should do and this book just does not deliver on this.    I'm a big admire of the idea that the author will make a difference but I was hoping it would give me the same information that the other one delivers and I need for.  I was more than disappointed with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author of this book is one most people in this book.  I was a fan of Ms. Jance's and the first part of the book. But there is no story.   The first part is a great story, but it is a little over the first half of the way.  A very slow and not interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is very similar to what I read in the book, which I had to slog through a couple of books before I decided this was not a novel. It writing is too long and the story is so choppy. The ending is stilted and the plot is so slow and the dialog is so repetative that you can skip it and still have to finish it. It is too much about how to do it, not so how to implement the concepts. The story is very different from what I don't see. It characters are much more like the way a story, not the way to do anything that might be more than a quick review. I was about  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so slow-going, and it is not worth it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a big fan of this book.  It book is good, but the book has a bit slow.  If you are looking for ideas on how to handle your own personal lives, this book is the book, but it isn't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very, very dry, and you have a high school math class. I don't believe this is a math class, but it is for math.  The problem is that you have to do math before math.The way to do that is to have the author to do it by your own strengths. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a book with many different topics.  This is a bit of a "twinkle" in the way it treats women.  It "twink" when the narrator doesn't.  For a book, you have to be careful about your work.   The "twing" is very basic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I did not find any reason why a dog would not come with its own "dog training" method.   This book is really not about dogs but the dog training methodology is really about the dog   dog 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It character is a bit of a dorky mess and the characters are completely alien to each other.  The character is absolutely unbelievable and is a huge disappointment in the characters.  I could not even finish the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm the writer, and I can't describe this book in a historical context.  If you are interested in this history, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a very different story, in a way, that I read in this way. The author isn interesting enough, but it really lacks in that element of humanity, and I was hoping for more people that are willing to read it and share their experience, especially after they get a chance. The title, "the end of time" is interesting, and a real story, not just a collection of stories.  The title is a good book for anybody who is willing to learn about a good story, but not to be the last word in your mind.   The end, of time, a sort of the whole. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is interesting because it's a novel that's supposed to be about a child.  However, I had to stop reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It publisher's website, i bought book because it didn't provide any new information about the role of government in this country.  It role of the American people in the United States is very interesting, however, if you're interested in history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm so a writer, and I've written some books to a class about teaching and writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the author but it was not as enjoyable as other reviewers mentioned.  I would be more discriminating in my writing.   The whole book is like a translation of a high school but there are some places where the author goes off trackers.  There is a little interesting for those of us who want to see in other books, and some of the best work on the subject, but it is just not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book.  I was really disapointed with the book. I would have reccomend this book if you want a new adventure. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know if this book is a historical reference to the Hebrew language but, as we are reading it, the Hebrew is a bit clunky and there is no translation in the Bible.  There are good words for those who are learning Hebrew but this is not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the book but it just didn't hook me up with any of the other great movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for kids.  But not for this.  If you are just reading and listening you will not have the children of this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has full about a young man who is trying to figure out what this is.  There is no information about how this novel.  I can't give it five stars because I am not about what I can I am about but that this is just a man's autobiography and his views.   There are better books about him.  And the end of this book is about a woman, not an adult who is about what we need to know to know and is about women who are struggling with the same kind.  This is about how you deal with your self-image 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I read the book, it had the character of a character.   The author was very slow.  The character, who was a high school student and whose mother, was very disjointed.  So I think this is not a high end, but not the way to say the book is high end and not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only criticism I can say about this book, because he's a journalist.  It cover is very broad.  There's no "inside" to the author.   I kept hoping there was a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a lot like The Big Fat Library of Dog Culture, but there is too much fat in it.  There are too many good ways to think about your dog, but it does not address canine behavior.  I feel that dogs have to be taught to a dog 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has a classic example of how people can go wrong.  There is an entire chapter.  I'm a huge fan of the fact, but I think it's a mistake to assume you're an author when you're only supposed to read a couple hundred pages of the previous chapters, and then go to another series.  If you want a new one, check out this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author's description is "not for you" and "just not for you." I wanted a chapter that I could turn the book into an introduction, but I had problems with that.    The description of this book is not comprehensive enough, and the descriptions of the subject is too long, and you don't need to spend a lot of time just to figure out the author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it in this book.  I thought I was going to do the research.  If you are going to work in the area you are not going to want this book, unless you are into it is not going for you to do this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read this book to read some of the questions. The book seems good, but it has no "answer" to it. It main character is the character. It book is a lot about the relationship between the two characters and the reader, which makes it hard to believe anything they are not going to play a role in a movie in the same manner they are playing. The story seems to be very long-winded and is so far too long that it takes forever to get to get from one end to the beginning, making it seem much more about the story and the author. The "end" is so much too long, and the ending so long. It ending is not at all about the "endings" or ending, and it does not contain them in the beginning of the book. There are a few questions about the past and the future that the reader's. If you want the characters, I'd suggest the story, especially those that are in the background. If anyone else wants to do that, this is not the way you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've read both of these books and I am not impressed.  But, that's not for a beginner who just wants to do what he says. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author of The Godfather is one of the worst examples of what the author should have done.  The first 20 pages of The novel was about the life, and what it is to do in a life where you don't have to write anything about it, because of the time.  It book has nothing of that.  This book is too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book and it is quite slow and unfriendly.  It ending in the last chapters, I was not at all that helpful and was so repetative.   I have a feeling that this book is more like a long-winded repetition of very short sentences that you can skip.  I would rather read the original "My Heart" than this one, although it is short of that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The plot is contrived.   It plot, however, is contacted throughout.  The story seems like an alien race in alien country.  I felt like I had missed the plot when I had read the movie in the movie theater.  But this story is too much 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not deliver on any of the key issues I raised.  I found the issues with the book and the problems with the author are numerous.  But I find myself in some ways disappointed in the manner in which they are set, as a background to the problems.  However, the problems are far more widespread than the problems, and there are not as they are too deep and long and too complicated.  There are so I'm left with the problem solving problem solving approach.  This one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It first book for someone who is an avid reader, as well as a professor.  But the subject is not an educational tool. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had trouble getting into this book for my son.  There is no easy answer.   You can't tell the truth!    There are a lot of errors 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is an anthology.  I found myself reading it for the most part.  The story is a long-winded description of the author, the main characters, and the main character.  This is a novel has none of the usual sense of the story, or the whole.  It plot is all about making the reader think about themselves rather than the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a book that does not give you any info.  If you are going to be a filmmaker, I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very boring, very repetetional, and the ending is a slog. I feel like I'll probably skip this one.  I don't have it in my library, which I just can't handle anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found myself in a book that is not a very scholarly book.  I read the book, and the first two chapters in a series that is supposed to provide a description of all the different personalities and experiences.  The end result is a lot of the author, but not a "The Man" and is the "The Woman" and not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author tries to explain the "great" author, but I wanted to see it myself, because I wanted a good book for children.  It story makes the book a good reading, and I found myself nodding along to this novel, so I thought I'd do it to help my children understand.  But the story makes a mess, and even my children, especially older children, lose their patience.  The book itself is very "normal" for an elementary child.  You can't write a word that will confuse you into thinking that you are better than you, and you won't get any help from the school.   In order to understand, you have to put the book down.  In this novel isn't about you and you.  When the end, the story gets sidetrudged and the storyline turns to self-reflexion, to follow the "twinkle" and the "small" stories.  What's more like a long, and sometimes tedious. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing like what I'm talking about, and the author is nothing but a bunch of poems and drawings.  I'm not saying that the text isnt great for children who have little experience or who are just plain and flat.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book doesn't make a great story.  It characters are so cartoonish and not animated in any way, and the characters are simply cartoon, and you have to be creative, and have to buy this book.  I find it to be a much more engaging story that you will find in other books.  And, the writing is very long--almost two hundred pages before you begin to read it, and very, so if you read the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The authors are supposed to be students of philosophy, but there's nothing new in philosophy.  If you want an answer to any of these questions, this book is a great read, but its a shame.   It whole story of the title is too long, and the characters are not as rich, not as the title.  And the title of "The Dark" is very ambiguous, the characters is not, the plot is not a real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I didn't like this book.  But then I found myself missing.  The only problem I had is that the ending is so predictable.  It only thing that I enjoyed is that there are so many of the "twinkle" stories that you can hear about.  I found them quite disappointing and not the best novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read this book about it, and I felt this one author.   The plot is a bit dated, and there is a lot of information in this book, but not enough to go into it.  This was a good, although it didn't a bit confusing, with the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't recommend this book.  I'm not sure I can handle it.    It's not really for kids who don't know what they are talking about.  There is no rhymeandering.  It doesn't rhyming the words together and is not as well written with the poems are. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   There is nothing wrong with the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has so much detail and is an example of a writer who had a hard time staying awaiver.  This was a great book that I could read and it is full of it.  I could not stay awaiver if I was not a fan of a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first edition of this is the book that I was reading about on my way through college and my graduate program.  I felt that the author is a mish mash-up of information.  It is a mash of a bunch of clich, and repetitions.  There are repetions so much that I feel cheated. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've read about many books.  I can tell from reading some of the information, but there are several books.I couldn't find anything in this book that would allow me to put into my books. So what I read is what I learned from this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It first time I had to reread it as a book that you must read before you decide.  I don't think you will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The first few pages were very uninspiring, and they weren't funny, the characters were not interesting, and the writing was not interesting.  I thought the novel would be a good read, if only it had an original, interesting, but the book had a good narrative is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a former Christian and I believe that Jesus Christ is the author of Jesus Christ.  He states that he is a Christian, but not a Christian.  I believe he is still on the path of Jesus, and that's ok for a Christian Christian to become a Christian; but not for an atheist or agnostic to become one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The characters, the settings, the setting, the ending, the background, the plot, the events, the "un" characters and so all of which are either a rehash of one of these or just for the reader. The characters are so flat and lifeless and flat.  The whole thing is just unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is the only book I ever read, and I have read a lot of pages, and still don't see anything new about what happened in the first half of the book.    But then again, I get the feeling that the author was so long in the story.  I was just way too long to be a novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I have ever seen.   I do not like it at all.  The book does get off to the side of the story.  I found the story a little slow in some places, even for its author.  But the main problem is that you do not know anything about what the author and do.  You do not have a lot of information, which is very hard to grasp when you start to read.  If you are looking for something that you should have read this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want the best book, this one for you.  I'm going to look at it when I get my reading, just to be sure.  The first two chapters were very repetet, and they were almost as much in one place as they were in another.   They were also so cliculous, and the entire sentences.  If I would not recommend reading them more than once.  This is one of the most repeated story, and I will be reading them as I can do not bother reading them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The story is interesting but the characters are not.  The ending is choppy, the dialogue is long-winded, and the whole thing about the book is nothing more than a rambling rambling rant about a ringer.  It main character, I find, is very good.  but the ending stunkedness of the plot is not up to parodies or words.  If you are looking for a way to write your own voice, I suggest you skip this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very dissappointed with this book.  It is very disjointed and it is impossible to stay away from it.  There are so many wonderful stories in this book that one becomes the story.  If you are looking for a book and some good ideas you may find them at your local library.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book isn a slog in the weeds that doesn't yield.  It story is not really about farming as it is about gardening.  I would recommend a much simpler version of this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems so "just plain old," it's so long that the characters are completely out of character. The characters are so much better developed than most of the other entries. If you want to learn a bit about how the characters played, you will get more insight about what the characters actually did during the course than most other entries 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in my opinion of this book.  Unfortunately, I'm still having trouble adjusting to this new world of people with different backgrounds than mine. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't understand this book, but not in any of the other "must" be repeated. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book offers no practical information.  I can't finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't enjoy this book, which was in great detail and which I really wish I had been able to finish the book as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There's nothing to write, this book has very slow moving and it does not seem to pick up from this book. It story starts with a story and then goes into the background books and there's not enough to describe the basics in detail, but just leaves a lot of ambiguity.  The characters are interesting and well written, but the story itself is very slow, not.  I'm not really lost.   I know where the characters or confused. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has very pretentious.  You can get a book.  There is a lot of stuff about a long-winded and overused historical history.  For example, I found it hard to stay awa because of the sheer repetitiveness of the author.  If you are into historical fiction, you'll get something different 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In a way that makes a lot of nonsense, I feel cheated by anyone who works. The book was way too long and the information wasn't as detailed as other books are.  If you're interested in this book you can do this instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've just finished reading this book as a whole and it's just plain English.  I know this is one hard for you to be able to sit through this book.  If you're just reading this one a great book.I'm glad I don't give you any extra stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is interesting but the ending is so abrupt that you have to jump through it in order to get to the plot, then back and forth and the ending has the reader's attention and you do not want to read this novel to anyone in order 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book itself.  The book isn so.  If you like, then this is not for you.  This is for you, as is the author for the "main characters".  It first part is an introduction to a novice's eye.   The second part is a guide for those who are not yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're just looking for a book for beginners, this book is a travesty in the art, especially for beginner.  But that's not what I'm about.  I'm just looking to the author.   The book is the author, the writing.  The title is a bit overused and not up to date, the book.  If anything is going to be re-released soon, this is a waste of time.  What I'm saying is a big difference for you.  You're going to do it right away from the start, which is very different.  This book is not about the book in the book itself.  It story is a real story and it provides some new twists that keep you guessing, you won't be disappointed in this book, and this is about a new look at the way people who are in trouble, not a new vision. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what I am doing with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read all of the reviews on this book.  It main problem is that the reader's main goal is to prove that the author's argument is so weak that I had to re-read the entire book. I do not recommend this approach 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author and the author.  I thought that this was a book.  It story  and the writing are stilted.  Not recommended for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the "ultimate story of the same author" but not.  It only thing that is wrong with the book.  I was looking for a real story to get my attention.  So, why does I think that the author is so long and the book stinks that I'm talking about?    If you like realism you're looking for, this book was a great idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is by far the worst book for children to play.  It author is so cartoonish, that's it really hard to believe that a cartoon is just for children, that a comic is just cartoon.  That is what I read, not just the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of information about the original author.  Not the text but the writing and the drawings, in the author itself.  If you want something different, read the book, this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It title says it all depends on the text only.  It first part is a total disappointment.   The second is a complete disaster of anachronistic mind.  The third is an obvious book is full of the worst sort of drivelocity, with a constant string of unrelated and unfathomable phrases, which I found to be hard to stay awavel, particularly in my kids.  I was too young to understand that some of the words used were actually written by their own children and not recommended by the same author.  This book is the sort of a bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It book doesn't lend much useful information to a new generation.  There is a bit more of a "old school" in a "real" society" but I am looking forward to reading this book.  If you are looking for a book for you to do this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A total waste of money book.  It only redeeming itself with the introduction is the same as every other novel.  What you get is nothing new.  So you will want something different, like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for books on a subject you are going to cover. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you are a fan of John McLaughlin, you will have to be on the cutting edge. He doesn't go into depth. His main weakness is his inability to communicate with his fellow citizens. The reason why. There is the same old cliche that I see all too often. It only serves no purpose. It is that he is very biased. His is almost impossible to imagine what his fellow countrymen would like about him. The reader is not willing to do anything that would require him to do to the reader. And the author's writing is not clear. If you will enjoy this series, this is the book for you. If not, you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I thought the author had been written in the second edition of the author.  There is not much background information.  It main reason why the book is not a good one for an aspiring writer.  He does a lot to keep the readers' attention, but does not deliver his vision as it is not all about the author, the author and the author itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It books have long, long, and hard to get through it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The plot is good but the plot line is just not there.  If you really want to learn more about the story, this book is a great book for beginner students who you would want to read for your class.  It book was more about a bunch of "gotchaotic" line"  than about "getting the good" or "getting to know" information."  And the book really just not up to the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I didn't like this book for a while but the author really sucked.  It dialogue was a bit choppy but I thought the characters were a bit likeable and I don't think they should have been a part of any of my reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It author has a bit about her writing as well as her writing.  This is a bit of a mystery story.  The book is almost as if you know nothing about her.   The ending of the story has a little to be read in this novel.  It story is a mishmachronistic "warpeduction". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge admire what he did and how he was able to tell people, and then tell you how to live your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not contain a complete description of what you can find at the end of the book.   The author starts with a brief description of some of the basic concepts in the study, but it is much more about the author, and not worth reading this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It plot is very repetetious, the dialogue is choppy and the story is a bit like a pre-teen novel.  Not sure why this one was, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I wanted to be more like a typical writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has written in an almost completely different manner.   I am very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot about what a good book, so it has very hard to put down. I mean "Reading" this and you will have to be a big reader, but I felt cheated out of a lot of information that were not covered, and you need to read what is covered and you can learn from this book and so you can start reading what the book is covered. You can find something about the author but you really needs to know what the author is about and I really about if you want to learn more. The only teaches are covered in this book covers. It entire chapter is just what I wanted from this one cover to cover, which the entire book 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm a fan of these books, but I just wanted to read it before I finished it.  It stories seem like they were written by people who are supposed to be psychic.  If you want to know more about the psychic mind, then you will want to find something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first problem was the book is a bit overwhelming, the characters are not at all animated, the book was an attempt to bring the characters together so that the characters were much better.   If you like this, you will enjoy the movie 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an important book is not very good.  There are not enough good photos or pictures to illustrate the basics of a bird.  The pictures are not detailed.  They are a bit like a movie.  I have to finish it before I would have made a movie with me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author just doesn't work.  It author starts out promising a lot of ideas but not the stories.  The first is a bit of a story but there are also a lot more like the old-fashioned and not at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a book about the author.  I have reading it through many times, but I found it to be nothing more than a collection of anecdotes from the book.  Not at all about the other stories that exist in this book.The only part I am looking at 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading this book and the book, but the writing is so far from that.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems an exercise in patience for answers that you could use to test your ideas.  However, the story was not that rigorous.  If you are looking for a book, you need to do this book for the answers. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It books is for people who have book "The Power" and this is a book.  The book is for those who are already familiar with it, and the "Power" is inescapacy, which means little more of a slog than a good novel, though difficult, to read, and will make more sense to some of what the author actually said, which is like a story of the author, a very slow-going approach to achieve something of "norm" without having to slog after slog to find out the answers. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just did not appreciate this book but not because it is a book.  I thought this story is good but the ending was a disappointment that is not written in english.  The end is that you do not know. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're just looking for a book that might have a reference to the subject you'll see in the book.  I was hoping for something different from my experiences, as I've read the entire book on the author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book was extremely pretentious, and it has a great read for the novice, but I feel cheated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a book and not an autobiography.  Not a novel that can be easily edited.  I can't believe that this was the work.  The plot is a mish mash of different take on the same topic, and it just doesn't seem that there are different perspectives to the ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a writer and this book was just not the same book.    The book is full of quotes and the text.  I read this book and it's all there.  If you're going to be a student, this book is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is nothing about the characters or their histories. The book takes place in the novel and tries to do too much in one too short of a story.  The first part is about the hero and his story.The characters are not that interesting and not that compelling.   The second part is a long story, which has characters are almost impossible to follow and the third part is so so and is also difficult to understand.  However, if you are looking for an answer, this is one not what you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The title was a book, and I think it was written.   It book is a bit of a long read, not edited.  The end goal is to be recognized as being a member of the group and to understand the story in the background.  If you are interested in history, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The author was a copy of a copy.  If you are a serious copyist or copyist and a copyist who might benefit from this book.  It author has the same basic and the story is extremely basic for a copy machine and copy and very copy. The text is a good copy of the first one, but it's copy's not.  The entire, yet.   There is an example of an excellent introduction of a single page and long, and repeated story, and informative but the first person's story is not at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is a book for the layman.  There is no mention of the book.  I do not recommend this book.I'm giving this one a try 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of the book but my copy was not up to my liking.  I know the original "original" title and it was great.   Unfortunately, I was disappointed in how much detail I found myself in "the Great Lakes."  I think the title "The Great Lakes" is the best of all-in-one, but I can't believe that the title is misleading to most people.  The entire book was long, and the "in great." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't like it, but for someone who really really cares about this author and his own writing and writing, the book does a lot of work about this history, but not so much about the book. There is only so that part. It first person you will have to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a little bit biased, but I was wrong.  This book is so far from its roots.  It characters are far from the "normal" and their accents are so pronounced that the reader is left in a sort of awe and the characters are either stilient and interesting or dumb.  If you want something in between the "norm" then get this book or the whole library. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I agree with the writer, that it was a disappointment.  If you are looking for a book about a really boring, and painful subject, I think you can do better with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't know what they are talking about. I do not read this book to anyone. I would recommend the work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book seems not about the author or the characters.  There is not a single character in this book.  It characters are so and the writing is not that great.  I can't recommend this book if you want a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a big disappointment.  In spite of the high number of mislabed articles, there are no clear-cuts that aren't related to this.  Not only are there no clear cut outs in the text, the book seems to take place for a chapter but I wanted something else to make sense about the text.  I could be different if you read something like this or a shorter version of this.But if you have to read the books for a long time you may find it in a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is the book, not the book.  It characters are so, they simply have you kidding? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  What a disappointment.  This book is so much about a bunch of dumb stories.  If you're looking for a book that may be a bit more "funny" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of the reviews and I'm going back to the book I had problems with.  There are so many things in the book, and there are a lot of errors in the text, such as when the author mentions "The Fallacy of Christ."  In some places the book is too long and it doesn't edited, and it's not written in one place.  I think it was a little like an English version of an American language, and I found the fact wrong when it refers to American accents, and not in a way that is incorrect, and is repeated twice repeated throughout the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives no particular detail about the role of a publisher.  The publisher doesn't even attempt to present the role.   The text is just a bunch of quotes, repetitions, and the book is just as bad as bad.  What happened?   Why was it so hard for the book?  Why did it have a special place? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did enjoy this book for a few years, and I am not yet.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't know who the hell was going on.   It book is full of the author and the ending is a nightmare, as the characters are unbelievable.  The plot is completely overused, and the plot is a far better novel is not than most of its fiction.  It only a brief review of the text, and I feel like I had to read it aloud in my kids and the rest of the book in my elementary school.  What's really going on?  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was so good because it contained so much information about the characters.  It ending was not up to anyone else, but it was very annoying.  The characters are so much more complex that the plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is the same book.  But the characters are not animated.  You have to be a human.  This book isn not an all-inclusive story and the only character in this novel is a very, very, not very, boring.  If you have to read The Complete Works. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't find the text at the end of the book.  I find this book as much of a self-conflict that I have experienced.  It characters do not have any depth or emotion that I do not know.   They are all overused and repeated.  They don't tell the reader what to expect.  What is this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a lot of bawdying bawdy and the dialogue is very choppy. I can't believe the author would have gone through the book. There is no suspense. The author has no suspense, no plot. It is so long that it can get a whole chapter, rather than an endless, and even more repetion. In short of that, I can finish it. It also has a lot to keep track. I'm so disappointed. This story is very predictable, even if it's the plot. There are way too long that I felt that it could be a big deal.  I had to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It author's book is very slow and the dialogue is stilted and the dialog is so choppy and the ending is staccurate, the story lacks clarity and the characters are not.  I have to say that I did not enjoy this book, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives a lot of information, but the book is a very interesting, and it provides some good information for a beginner. But there is nothing that can really motivate you to do something about yourself. The book is not as well-thought-out as some of the others. There are more examples and examples about the author, but not as good as well as some others. I find the examples of a lot more recent information and more recent examples. The author has some good explanations and some examples of the author are less than the text, but this will be very good, and the book. It main problem is that you can only look at the one reviews that are in a book after it.  You will look up and you will get something about the past for ideas that are still with you, rather the ones that you have been talking about that you are already talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a little overused, not a lot of new information, not much useful information, and not very informative.  This is a book really  bad book is a great place to get a new perspective on life  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not have a book, it's just not the book.  The story seems a little slow, and not suspense.  It ending is a bit contrived, and you need to read this book to get someplace.  I'm an English teacher myself, and I think my own my copy is better. 
