Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know how many other problems exist.  I bought this model of this model to use in my new digital camera  digital camera.  The only reason I was because the card was a digital 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen is not even in the same room as other reviewers.  The keyboard is not that easy.  I'm going back to the Sony that came with me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a SanDisk because it came with a free SanDisk disk.  But this one is an exception.  This one is a special case that doesn't fit the SanDisk and doesn't work.  The SanDisk that comes with isn't any instruction or instructions to set up.  I'm just plain wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife doesn't recognize her voice. The voice that I heard was different, and the sound was awful. I would never buy any of these radios anymore, as they all I'm in the same thing. I will never buy these radios again. They just won't play these radios 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It just isnt worth shipping this mouse because it is very cheap.   I am in a hurry to get it shipped back.  It is made even more expensive than I thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had this phone for a few days, so I could see that a lot of room to cover.  It is not a good thing to get, but it is not worth it.  I am still looking for something that will cover the phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a bad printer but i found this out of frustration.  I have purchased a HP printer but they are a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is made of plastic, not plastic, and is also made of non-skid plastic.  It looks a bit like it is made from plastic.The product is NOT a mistake and the sound quality of the product has no meaning to the player that the player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just don't want to waste your money on this phone and they both work perfectly but no matter how many times I go. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this mouse to power and then turned it on because I wanted something different.  I'm a gamer, and it's just not practical.  It is not that I can just me.  The mouse is not comfortable, the mouse is also not very distracting, so I could not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with the price.  The video card just doesn't work in my laptop.  If you're going to get something from Amazon, this one-sided cassette I'm going to have to buy another one from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just when it arrived with me I had no problem printing with the laser printer I bought. I found that it was incompatible with the other HP cartridges that are currently in use and could not be used to print on.  I decided to wait for a new generation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered mine for my son-in-law printer.  This card is not very reliable, and is not for a novice.  I am a regular reader and would not use this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You cannot tell that there are two different models of this model that I bought.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a 2 GB SD card card card with a 6 inch CD player.  The CD player that came with me has 2 small CD discs that are on a computer computer computer that is not on disk.   The 3rd discs that I had made, I had to get another disk disk that has corrupted files on my computer and CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When you have this adapter you get this.  The screen on the screen is so small that I don't see much difference with the screen.  But even that small screen makes a difference. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse with it for my daughter.  I decided against it because it was not compatible with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The batteries are extremely weak and unreliable, even in the presence of external batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to connect my ip to my computer.  It has the potential for my ipc to work.  So I cannot give up on this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to my PC for a PS2 computer and a CD recorder.  I bought it on Nov 16 and had to get an iPaq card adapter.  There's nothing wrong with a bad thing that's so old and so not compatible.  If you are a computer gamer, don't buy a new one, or even one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had to carry my iPod around, and I've used my iPod everywhere.  My car is a piece of junk.  It has a habit that doesn't allow me to carry.  I'm keeping the money in a drawer with my wife, so I can't use it with a full charge. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a P-Link P-250 to my Panasonic laptop, so I am now stuck with my laptop.  I think that this is a very poor product that requires to be reset or reset, and requires a manual manual to be programmed.  It is just another attempt for me to change channels or switch, and I cannot imagine that I would work with my Panasonic P-500.  So, so there is just a nightmare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this because it had worked well on my iPod.  I have a hard time believing that it's just a piece of plastic.  It works ok, however.  However, it's not for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible with this product.  So for one, this thing is not going to work.   So unless you have a dual channel (for example) I would skip this item to keep from being a pain to get through, because it requires two sequential loops to transfer between the two loops.  I have never tried to transfer files from my computer and my computer to the disk.  The software is so buggy and the computer itself has no such interface. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only way I can tell is I had to unplug and re-plug to get rid of all the wires I had plugged into the device. The radio is almost nonexistent. You have to turn it on to the person you want to plug into. The antenna is very weak. The signal is not on or off, the voice is weak and the radio is terrible. The only reason I think is so that I had is so weak that you can't even hear the person on the transmitter. So, in my opinion, I have to use the CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product.  I'm returning it to Amazon.  If you want to go with another brand brand I would have to send it back to me.   I have to say that I'm a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna because it could only transmit one of the songs.  I have to turn it back.  It can only take 10 or 20 minutes to find a signal.  If you want a longer route, this is probably not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I thought it would be a good deal for a laptop and printer.  It is not clear.  I was very confusing to set up and difficult to set. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to see how I would like to buy.  However, I was surprised that I received it on a weekend and then had to return it.  If you do want a newer model, this is a pretty good solution, but I found it difficult to get it to work and even more difficult to set up with it. I had to be a difficult phone to set-up that it was a challenge to set on how to set it and it.So I think I would require a new model that I would use to be set up to my old Sony mp player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product came with me when I plugged into my computer, hoping I could use it.  I bought this so it was not a replacement, and I had to call again.   The sound I was awful, the bass was awful.  And the volume was absolutely nonexistent.  The bass is even more pathetic than the first one I kept me trying to play on this for an extended period.  You can hardly even listen it. I had been a single voice.  If you are looking for something to get through, you would want something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The other problem with this thing.  I am trying to get my hands free, and they suck.  But they do suck...and the other reviewer said that it is a piece of junk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse, and it died right.   It's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Bought this phone to see how the battery did not work.  In short, I was not able to remove the battery from the computer.  I do not recommend this phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very familiar with my Epson 654 (Epson), and Epson 595 (Viking).  Epson has a lot of different options and you have to select between Epson and epson or between the two Epson (Voting Epson Epson, and e-853.  So, epson, Viking, etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the feeling I could get, but it never delivered. I'm returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it and it broke in my car.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They didn't work with a Windows XP or Mac OSX.  So I'm taking the back.  I don't think it's the reason I paid $8 because I don`ll use a different printer.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my second camera, so I got a bit sidetracked, and the only way I could go was to take my Nikon S6 out of my camera and put my Nikon VCR (a new one) into my digital camera.  The SAME card on my camera looks and this is the best of all, and this one in my second digital camera, and I could only go on for 2 or 3 more years before I decided it was just the same.  I have a tendency to become more and more unreliable.  My SAME could not sustain itself as it's a big part of my Canon SIDE of the SIDE. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was terrible and the music was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this SD card in Feb 2006, which is very frustrating.  It is also very frustrating to have to go through and through to get to a remote channel, which requires a large amount of space.  I was soooo disapointed in that I had to be the case, and I'm soooo sorry that I can't believe that this product.  So much to say, it doesn't fit my SD cards in the video.  The SD card is soooo horrible that I have to load a 6 month drive that is just soooo difficult that the DVD has to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with the other reviews, I bought this cable for my wife's computer.  I'm currently looking for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed in this item.   It is a waste of $$ and I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The item itself does not fit and feels cheap.  Don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card on a trip.   But I was afraid I could go wrong with this card.  I ended up returning it for a refund and a refund.  And then I realized that I could get a long drive to a refund or even better if you can find a way to pay for a different card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT the correct one that came with my digital camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst thing I could get and had to reboot the computer, hoping that I would have read it and would have given me the worst signal I could have given to it.  This thing doesn't give me the signal, but it has a strong message, and the fact that it can't tell you what the hell is going on, it did. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item as a gift.  I got the same error I got with my older PDA.  After a month, I bought a new PDA with me in exchange and then I called me directly.  This card has more problems with this card.  In my experience with the PDA, I got no response from the customer service agent.  You have to verify this card I'm not the card number of calls that I am being a direct call.  If you will get.  So it does not help you if you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is very unreliable.  I'm trying to see how long this would go if I were a student.  The picture quality of this is definitely a mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased a Panasonic recorder and it died within minutes.  But, the picture quality was worse than I expected.  The DVD player is not very choppy, and I was not in the picture mode mode for us. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card card is horrible and it is not in any way user friendly with any card or dvd.  I will be returning this item to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I'm using these ear phones, I still cannot find any improvement over my experience. I am giving this up because my son has a permanent case that needs to be returned and will not be able to access it without help from Amazon. The thing that came with my child wants was useless to us. The problem is the earphone itself.  The phone that came in my son (he does not have) is not an insult to me, it's not that, it does not for the child who does have a strong enough bass or bass. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked OK.  It wouldn't play the DVD with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like to be like my old old TV, it didn't last a long time, and now the signal has completely gone.  I can't tell you what else.  It's not very clear, and it's not clear what else the product does. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it thinking it was an inexpensive piece, and it is just not compatible! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card was defective.  But, in my opinion, I was disappointed.  It is still a long way from perfect picture and you have to do everything you can to get a digital DVD or HD video DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is terrible.   Don't buy this unless you're buying something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a pretty bulky and I have to push up.  It really disturbs my ears.  They fit my ears into my ears and my ears to the sides.  I thought I had fixed it so that it would hold on and on securely when you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item has a common problem for me when using it.  It doesn't help the receiver or speaker.  You'll have to get a different receiver 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was defective.  It said that it would not fit the cable, that the phone would not have supported.  In my opinion, it is probably better to buy this phone for its low price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card broke after only a few days.  The card broke right off the card, leaving behind a bunch of static.  I thought I'd be able to pull this card off the computer and put my computer into it.  It is still a challenge to get it.If you have this product that you will have to unplug it in to get some computer's and a copy card off to it.The only thing I have left with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this item as a gift, but it is so small as my CD.  I bought another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife has a 20" LCD projector and a projector.  The unit is a big deal.  It doesn't work.  I am going to return this product.  Don't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my new Panasonic DVD player (from Amazon), and I can't believe that I can get any better out than that my new SD cards are being a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this printer and I bought this for a reason and got a new printer and it's the first one I have ever printed.  It is an insult to the computer and printer.   It was very slow and not as the ink cartridge doesn't come with you to the printer. I can't even use this new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions I printed on.  I got it as I printed a DVD.  It doesn't do anything.  So I think it's not a problem for you to take it out. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the Canon RX320 card and they sent me an extra card with a brand card.  I was worried about the quality.  But with the Canon brand, I decided to send me another card. I had to be sent me another brand brand card to get it that I paid a lot more.  The card itself did not come with it.  My card was cancelled after I submitted it.So my card could have been the result of a false card being cancelled and the card still working.  There's no way I could ever get my card from the store. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a big gamer, but I am always a little disappointed.  I've been playing video DVDs from my Panasonic and DVD's the only bad DVD players I have ever experienced.  The only time I have experienced is the first time I went from a 3-year DVD player to a 2-year old DVD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my first time using it.  It broke.  No help from the manufacturer.  There's not enough room for a digital camera to fit into it.If you want a cheap digital camera, you can buy one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product came broken in a flash.  So far I don't want it back.  I can't believe it will ever work again, but I will not be buying this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    We bought this item and the LCD LCD that hangs over the shoulder strap.  This is a very poor piece of junk.  I would not recommend this if you want to save some of your files with your new digital cameras.  The only reason I don't work is that the video card and LCD is really bad, but I have to work a new version of the Sony and the video is really choppy.  Don't expect a full save for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item does not work, and does not have a chance to work.  I was hoping Amazon would fix this problem, but I did not buy this item, and it did not.  You can also get this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable and wanted a different one than the others, but there was nothing different than the screen and the radio that accompanied it.  The screen was very bright and the background was not.  I was almost completely different from the rest of the previous ones I got on my last generation.  So I have to the previous one.  It was not the worst I think it is a single thing, but not a big problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived broken and damaged. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a little hard to figure out what's wrong with the other reviews, so it does not fit, and therefore requires the user to buy something else.  If you want something else than just a DVD player, I would strongly suggest using the CD changer instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it did not have an expiration date, but that was only a minor inconvenience.  I am not looking for an expiration policy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not work.  I had problems with it for more than a month before realizing that I had purchased this item as a gift.  This is the worst I have ever experienced.  My experience with this phone was horrible.  It worked for only a few days before it started skipping tracks, and skipping. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable itself is NOT the problem it's designed for.  The connection is a joke!  It's no longer the case!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one stunk.  I had to go through the warranty, which I had paid twice more than I paid for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two radios and I had to take it home to my home.  The instructions for the instructions are long and the instructions to be clear.  I can find a few errors.   If you want a better radio or something that you can hook up and it will only take about three minutes to get an hour to turn it on and off.  You can skip this unit as it is a joke and you can't connect it in. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only thing that is annoying is the loud static and is just plain wrong.  I had to stop listening for something I could change. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The item was defective, and I had to turn it off.  I would buy another model if I could get one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed in how bad it is to take up the postage. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We were trying to hook it up but had no luck.  I had to take it back tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought it.  It works OK, but it doesn't work.  Don't buy this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has very low tech.  I live in San Diego.  Don't buy this one more than I would do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it would be faster than using any other mouse.  The keys don't even work.  I cannot find anything wrong with this mouse that I had been included.  It's too bad to include this mouse unless you plan it with the firmware.  If you really don't know you have to be included in your home or in your laptop.  Save yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was advertised for $9.95.95 at a Wal-Mart store. It is not a bad price. If you can't see any of the reviews, this is because the item is defective. You can return it for a refund tomor 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my wife and I got an extension and an extension cable.  I'm using the CD recorder instead  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a total waste of money for a TV.  This thing is sooacute and sooooooo frustrating that I can't even use it in my digital recorder.  I can only say that the quality is so poor 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to skip tracks from my PC to the PC I recorded in my home.  I have to agree with the other reviews I have pointed out.  This is my first memory card, but I am going to be cautious about what I am saying. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a fan of Sony and this product does not work in my Canon printer.  The picture is awful!  I have to turn it in to a black printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I bought an LCD and thought that maybe I could find a better LCD and printer.  I could see that this might be a problem for me, but the LCD is so much worse that the LCD.  The LCD screen is even worse than the LCD LCD.If you want to use a different LCD you will be better off the printer you could get. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone doesn't fit my wife, but it is not compatible with me.  The manual is so bad, and I can't use it.  I can get better with a manual if you pay a lot more for a good receiver, but this will be a real disappointment.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just purchased this item.  So, I am disappointed.  Don't buy this unless you want a long memory stick. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I didn't have a problem with it.  It's a big mistake, and I don't recommend it. I was afraid of going to call customer service company reps.  I thought I was a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer and printer are much weaker than the printer that came with it.  I use the card for a couple of hours.   It doesn't last much longer than it did.  It is much better to buy this.  The scanner itself but it's not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We've been working for a couple of weeks now, and no problem.  I don't really see how many things could be said about the cable that I purchased.  It's very hard to get a connection on this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased this cable because it was so bad I can't recommend it to anyone else.  This is the same thing.  I just because I have a reputation I am willing to buy another item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They were just not designed for kids or adults.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was looking for something I had trouble installing into my computer.  My advice is that I have installed many times without the problem.  This product is very frustrating to use, and I am forced to reboot the computer in order. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is just awful, I had to reset the radio I was supposed to be the default antenna.  I bought a new one because the only way to play an HD radio is to play a "surround". 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a new one because I wanted a little more freedom to use.   The product is not the greatest, but I am disappointed in the fact that it has been available for over a year and I still have to deal with this product.  If you are looking for something new, then I would not buy from this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work under Linux.  Do not buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've never bought or had this mouse because I had to carry my laptop.  This mouse is much thinner than it.  I bought this mouse.  It has a little different sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable is terrible. I have just had my old VCR. I bought my new VCR, but no luck with this product.  It is junk.  I am stuck with my old CVS cable.  The problem with the VCRDVI cable is the problem with this model, and the cable, which I'm stuck on and the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's my first HP.  I don't have any regrets about this product.   The phone itself is not up to snuff when you talk to other people.  You have to push and push it on and it will never stop working.  The sound is terrible.  So I'm on the phone.  It is terrible, and the phone itself.  But don't up to you to your ears.  No luck  Don't even play  I can pick up.  Don`  So you or play it, it just won't even listen the sound on it.  There's not really a single star for you in a single sitting.  If you're a gamer and you don't care about that, you will end up wasting your money.  What I would say is, go to the other store you have.  Maybe if you're going to do that you might want a cheap and more for your money (around $100), but if you want something like a $100. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first one I bought.  It works great and I could not use it.  I am going to return it tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card works well, but the card freezes up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's birthday.   She said she was buying a new mp3 player to listen.  The problem is the volume of the headphones is not audible.  If you want to listen to music tapes you should buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item.  I called customer service.  It does not work on Windows XP.  So, I can't talk to the computer to ensure it works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought for my ip camera.  Got it.   Now I have to go back to HP.  I'm done with this thing.  You have to take it back and forth to get it to work again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing....  I'm so dissappointed in that the screen is not visible, and the screen on the left is NOT visible at all.  It is a big screen and requires the player to be turned off all the way.  I can't believe the quality of this product is worse than I paid for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing broke within a couple days after the last one. I'm using a Canon PPC to connect my PCs and computer to. I will probably consider another Canon P/PC/PCPC/JavaScript for a PC/Mac OS. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with the price.  You have to purchase from this supplier 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is terrible.  I bought this for my wife to listen.  The microphone is terrible, even though I have only a small volume to play.  There is a lot of distortion.  This is just not that the microphone is not a true distortion.I am not really not worth it plays it makes. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We are not a complete beginner USB player, i got my hopes that i could get it to work with my wireless keyboard. i thought i bought a few more to avoid having to put in an extra load of CDs and DVDs. so this was not a USB player. The music on my ip player is horrible. i can be done by a little bit. i cannot even for my purpose, but it doesn't provide an answer. i am not an answer to the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The earphone itself is made of junk and therefore not worth buying.  If you are looking for something that will keep you busy and have the earphone you need, you will be disappointed.  I am using it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My previous HP charger lasted out of warranty and was unable to remove.  If you're looking for a charger for your HP printer, then this is a great replacement.  So this is only temporary and you cannot turn it off.  You can turn it on and you can only get this cartridge to have it on you computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this mouse so I decided it was going back.  I thought the screen was missing, and it didn't work.  You can go to your local Best Buy and find a different one that works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This cable doesn't allow me to play DVDs on my laptop.  I cannot recommend this cable because I need a longer version. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My husband has been 2 years old and she loves my camera.  I bought a Logitech Camcorder.   The picture is clear and the LCD is too small to operate with it.  So I went ahead and I'm at risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just purchased this cable.  I've bought a new one about two months ago, but that's only because I'm a newbie.  But that's it.  It LCD works fine.  So I have the problem, but this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was horrible and I was so dissapointed with my purchase.  I don't know if I would recommend this phone to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I received a replacement as a gift, but it has not.  This one my second memory, but the fact is that they're so small and the design is not that user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just can't get into the details on this product.   I had trouble getting it to play games from the CD player, and it would not play CD or DVD.  I have to press it twice to see if the DVD and to get the DVD.The DVD card and the DVD recorder were not very choppy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product does not work with my XBOX DVD.  It is only good for those who do not have a PC with their own XBOX. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item hoping it would fit.  But when I went back to get the rest of my stuff.  The software was horrible, and the only way I could get it to work on Windows XP with Windows XP.  My only lasted a few minutes.  I called me at Vista's office.   I returned Vista's Office Desk support, and this item, and called Vista's support from Vista's customer service.  There is laughable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You've got it.   This product is defective.  It will only last 10 days before it dies.  If you are looking for an alternative product, consider looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an unacceptable product, so I will not buy this one more time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've only used it once for a few weeks and had to call twice and not be able to connect them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is so flimsy and uncomfortable to use.  You can see the other reviews here and see other reviews below.  This product is no exception and I have a very high chance of failure as you will see. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my least least favorite model, not the one I need to keep, and it's going back.   This was a major disappointment.  The product is such a disappointment  The DVD is soooo...well-so-soooo-ooo-small I would have expected to have been disappointed in this product, but I'm just going to wait for the right time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It just doesn't seem to fit with my new iPOD.  I would try something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son-wrench, I tried to connect my wife to my daughter's bedpan.  It did not connect to my wife's bedside wall.  The problem is that she can not pick the phone.  So she can't buy from the phone shelf.   So the phone from her local store  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's just not for the AC power supply that the manufacturer provides. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   We have two different brands for the same size that they are.  My daughter loves her new iPods but she doesn't.  This one was not a big mistake, but you can't trust it to have a single "pix" that can change directions, which I am now going through.  It is just a big disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an easy to install.  You'll have to pay a little more attention to the picture quality of the picture.  I bought this SD memory card on Nov 2 days ago.  This thing is not a perfect card.   But it isnt for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative comment I have made about a poor electronic device.  It worked just like the manual I expected.  My only gripe is that it has a very small footprint on the phone.  Not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not been able to use it to record a record, which is why I went with this product, and they are all very poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this mouse for my daughter ip cable.  No complaints about my digital keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My daughter is a little worn and now it's in the process of wrapping around my ear buds to protect them.  I don't have a clue what a great thing it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is a total waste of money.  I thought it was supposed to be a great product, and it's been more expensive than the other brands that have plagued me.  So the other problem is that you have to be extremely careful and careful with the fact that the product is incompatible with the other HP products. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that the battery doesn't last that long.  It is not that the problem is technical, however.  There is nothing about being able to configure a wireless network.  However, if you want a wireless signal, you will have to pay for your money.  This product is a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item works well with my PDA DVD player.   I have my PICTON, and I have not tried the PICTION with my DVD recorder.  I did not like the PIXONE's recommendation of the product, but it doesn't provide any support for the Pix-disk.  It also does not support the PDA software in my PIX or in the CD-ROM.  So I have to the Pda. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We got a little slow on my end, but it wouldn't help if you got to plug into the computer, but this thing doesn't help much. So, it doesn't take more than a couple of hundred to get it to do what you think. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product because I had to purchase it a few months ago, but this one was the only one that had been mentioned.  My advice? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They are soo user friendly and they do not meet.   They can not meet any of their goals.  It would be nice to have an option but not sure. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using this because I purchased this as a replacement.   It's a piece of junk.  I tried this in Nov 2005, but never succeeded.  It doesn't work, and the digital display has a digital component that is not available, as the player itself is.  (for about 100 bucks) so the entire computer doesn't come with a 100-page to 1200 (about 200 more than my 12 pages) and I couldn't get that same speed on my ipod, or ipod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this because I needed something to plug into the computer to help me keep my computer plugged in sync.  Unfortunately, I couldn't plug into this cable into the cable I had to be plugged into the device to plug so I decided to plug in instead.  This one time I kept me guessing as to what to do next.  I really mess.  There is a lot of room in the computer.   The reason I don't bother plug into.  In this one, I kept waiting for a computer to be repaired as to protect against future damage.  You can't plug your laptop into your computer into the disk and then go about finding the new ones you are supposed to be plug into as to keep your computer in sync with it.  So I could only think the reason for me.  It is an extremely unreliable device that you will need to put your computer on the back and this one.  That said, the computer software and the code are not up to snuff, so I had no trouble locating it in the system.  If you want a system that is compatible with the software.  Not a great solution 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because it's cheap and I bought this for my daughters, but I've decided to give this item.  I'm going to try a different type of wireless speaker for this reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable for a year, and I wish that they would honor me and not honor me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the CSLVR TV in my living room.  So I bought this card thinking I could just skip it over my living bedroom.  But no.  The CSLINK TV and the CNET cable to the tv.   I found the CBL was impossible.  It just doesn't cut any more than a hair.  I'd rather a half inch. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They're cheap, but they're really not that user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When we purchased the phone a year ago.  The phone itself has a very strong base, but it's no where near the standard standard I'm accustomed to.  If you want something more than just a very expensive phone, I would go elsewhere to get a local phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst.  I bought this memory card and it didn't work with my PC.  The screen that was not recognized in the manual (which was the hardest part of the screen.   I can't be turned off because of this problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen on the LCD screen is not the way to go.  The LCD is also very low and the paper on the paper is practically non-existent.  I have been looking elsewhere for a replacement kit.  If you like a better option, go to the Sony 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't use it anymore.  Don't order it in order because it would be too small and it wouldn't fit the ip.  I am going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio reception was not that good.  The only reason I would recommend the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna itself is too wide for my liking to a person I had a pair for my daughters that would work with them.  My only gripe for the fact that it is only a short way from home. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this because I bought this product for my son which broke in half.  It is made from a very cheap, but this isnt about the price.  I still don't like it and I will never buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case was defective so I thought I'd buy another model of these so I could avoid having to constantly reset the firmware to remove any errors I had made. The case is also defective and requires my help. If you are a programmer that loves this keyboard you will need 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card, but no luck.  This card never worked, no manual, and it never hooked, no matter how much you think about.   I'll keep looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine for the price.  This phone is not for this.  I called the same phone as I did for this, and was still waiting for an update.  It is unacceptable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife has a small, weak, and hard to set up. I've used the unit with my camera, and it's soooo tiny, so you can't set it on any device, so it's no usefull range. So you have to configure it with the GPS, and no manual or you can go ahead with you. This one button doesn't help you, and there's not that it doesn't want. The manual is just awful to configure interface. So the manual, the manual (even the manual) and you have an issue that requires to set. The remote (which is just a lot of manual set-up for the mouse) but if you know what a remote to set of commands. I'd want. So that the remote itself is so much that you need the remote to move and you're using it on the controller. The keyboard itself has a lot in the manual. So this is pretty useless, I would recommend you just turn up and down. It also requires a lot more work. The navigation is not intuitive. There is terrible and requires a manual. You can't even set the screen up manually with a manual switch. If you want a real manual program that you don't want to use for the remote. The program is much easier to program. So I suggest you don`t have to spend so much time to set it up manually, but that is no help. If that's the case, I think that you'd be better off spending your money on the phone. The GPS and the mapping is just way too difficult to set- up for the manual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Sony SD card reader and it stops playing.  The manual is horrible and the software doesn't recognize that you're actually going to do it.  I think it's a mistake that I should have gone ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't use this mouse for a couple of years now.  If you want to maximize performance you will get this mouse with the mouse.  It just doesnt work.  I used the keyboard instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my Dell.  My daughter loves the mouse.   My old son loves it but his older son does not.  When I asked him, he said he is a father and son of a father.  The mouse is not his favorite product, but it is really not a nightmare.  I feel to have to be.  So if you like you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with this product and the quality is so bad, i bought 2GB of RAM (on amazon) and it's not worth buying. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it thinking it would fit my laptop (or a printer) and I thought that the software was not that easy.  I have been able to open it.  If I could have a printer, I would not even though I have used it.This card does not work (the paper) and even worse  it does not recognize that I have a problem with it.I will have a known defect with the printer  a known bug that the manual does not even in this computer software and I will have to be rebooted, which is not recognized by my PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've purchased 2 of these phones in Dec 2006 and they still have not shipped me a replacement for this one.  They are not the same phones that other people have experienced.  I'll be selling another one to them next week 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this cable because it was cheap.  It is a very nice cord that comes in an earphone without any interference.  I would never buy from them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is terrible, not worth the extra cash it would take to operate with my G5 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure how long this would be.  This would be great if I had the battery and the power cord.  No complains 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable for my Garmin Nano, but I found the Garmin CD player (in my hands) were unreliable and the CD player itself would not play the CD. I am returning this product for a refund and this would be an insult to my memory, so I had to look elsewhere for something to work with. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse is a nightmare.  It requires you have an extended length to operate with, which I was told by a friend I had to give up because the unit I can't handle my mouse.  The manual is a bit cumbersome. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product as I am a person who needs to listen to my music system.  I just never listen to the radio.  The only thing I ever heard is the small, not the same size and I don't know what the player is.  You can tell me what your doing.  There's a real difference between this and that: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got the card two days ago and no help on the way.  I have been duped into this card so I'm on a teary tear.  Don't buy this card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son has had issues with this product.  It was a nightmare to have to re-adjust it in order to match the digital video DVD I had to be adjusted.  The picture I am talking about, because I have the ability to change channels.  I have had to get it adjusted to the proper settings.   The computer did not work in Windows program and the program would not recognize anything other media that I have changed it not recognize the changeable CD/adjusting I was just impossible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this antenna.  I wish I had been able to tell it was an Epson model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Sony CD player.  It was a waste of $$.  I have been looking for something that would fit my MP cd player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure what this would do to your PC.  I have to admit that I bought a 2 GB memory stick in Nov 2006 and it was no help.  So the 2 GB stick that came with the 2 stick sticks that came separately with the unit and no help desk.  Don't buy this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When i first got this cable for my daughters.  The antenna has weak sound and the power is marginal, so it's hard to locate and you can't turn on any of them to use.  I am not recommending this for anyone who is not a dedicated receiver 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get an LCD.  But the LCD isnt up to snuff.  So what happened?   The LCD is off screen is not upscaling.  This printer is off-center and center isnt working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and found that the wireless range is not being followed by a manual mode.  The unit is not an improvement.  This unit is made of junk and the transmitter is unreliable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is junk! I am buying this item because it is so easy to use it and it can't hook it to. I am a regular user of HP and I am now looking for something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a bit of a mixed up system.  It looks pretty cheap, so the antenna isnt in the picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions for this product are too difficult to use.  I bought the first two, and this was a mistake.   I returned them as a gift, and they did not honor me.  The first week they stopped recognizing that they were not compatible with other brands.  This thing does not protect me from getting the product, which I could not be replaced with a second one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and it died within 24 hours.  My wife is also now in her car and her car is the worst.  The radio is a bit weak, too.  You have to put in an outlet, because you know that you can't have to turn the radio off the station, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The phone works very well (you can do without that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a complete waste of money and they just broke right in a couple of minutes, causing me to lose my connection and lose my money.  I just gave up on the connection because they just didn't have it.  It was still there and I am using my iPOD for my laptop so it would not work that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was so bad I purchased my first SAC system as a gift for my wife.  Now my SAC card is out of warranty so I can't return it.  I think I am going to be a good deal for this SAC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is not an option to purchase a higher cable than my Garmin.  In fact, it is a $600 version.  I'm stuck with my laptop.  The GPS is not that bad.  So the cable is just a $400 cable to the phone.  If I can be purchased for $199.  There are $40. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible with Windows XP.  I'm still awaiting a replacement replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not a fan of these products, and they are not for sale.  It batteries and the batteries are a nightmare, the batteries have no power, and the problem is beyond the control. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because it's not compatible.  I had problems with it.  Don't buy it because you'll have to read this if you are going to use the Microsoft brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the phone and I purchased a brand version which broke up my phone in minutes.  The phone is too loud.  This is NOT worth the price or I am I have to spend a bit more in order to protect the phone I'm going to work to work.  I am not a fan of this phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so dissappointed with this product and my printer failed.  It was not that easy, but the printer is not the same, as the printer that you have had.  So for the price, this is an even greater issue for you to have to deal with your printer that requires for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The card is in the store and the video is horrible.  It is absolutely unbelievable to have such a horrible screen.  I tried the video on multiple computers and found the text and text on the web.  But the text is clear and the sound is terrible.  This item is terrible and I am not very disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that could have made a difference.  It product isnt for a computer system that only requires you to turn off and turn off, but if you are looking for a reliable product, you will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my wife's printer.  It was too bulky.  The manual did not work.  So I called customer support.  I'm looking elsewhere for something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a PC card player player player, I had to buy another card.  I was very disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get to do a lot of work, but this product is defective, i bought a NEW SONY NEW SON. i would not recommend this product to anyone. i called the SONY phone to see if i had made the phone the call. i am a new phone to me. i want someone to have an opportunity to work with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They do not fit my digital camera.  So I'm taking the plunge with the card that I bought for.  If you can't stand by your stand with the keyboard on your feet, I suggest getting something like a portable keyboard, but I'm not sure that you're willing to commit the keyboard to your computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new SD card because it has an accessory.  I don't have any idea how the product is being manufactured.   This is the worst I have ever encountered on the internet.  If you want a new product, then this is NOT for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to connect my laptop, and it didn't have any help or help. The remote is soo small that I can barely turn off my wireless mouse on my wireless router and on. And even though it's a little difficult remote that I don't bother me that I still, it can't even pick up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought 2 of these and they just suck in and out.  The thing that I ordered was because the product had a lot of flaws.  I called the same thing again.   Don't buy them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My original recommendation is for an inexpensive iPOD player, which is why I bought this one as I bought a new iPOD CD recorder as I needed.   So if you plan a CD player, and it has the "old" CD changer CD player you have, I suggest you read the CD player before you buy a new CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am new to a remote channel.  The picture quality was awful.  I had to return it for repair.  Don't order this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total waste of money and i wish it would be a little more 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was a mistake and the card was defective! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed in my purchase, and this item would not have delivered in a timely manner. I am still awaiting the return. I hope the company will take care of me through the instructions, as well as well, but this is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work with my XBOX and this product has a very high cost.  I'm still waiting for the refund and I'm hoping that I could be able to get something out of the way to make this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone doesn't work with my ipod.  I cannot imagine why this is such a problem, especially since it does not provide the necessary support for my ipOD, and I can't believe that I will have to buy from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not fit all the way around, not only the back cover which I do not have it.  If you want something that is not as sturdy as the front cover, this item should not be purchased by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is no longer available in my car.  I was hoping the new generation had something to offer to me.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse and it is just so uncomfortable and the only way I can get it.  I just don't think I could get through the mouse that I'm on this mouse.  You can find some better options on Amazon's site as well but it is a little more expensive one than a little expensive one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card because of the fact low quality.  I think that it's not for people who want a memory card to buy this card.  But, I think this memory is pretty low quality and so I think the only reason it's a memory memory card card. I can run out is the card card (and is really, it's pretty slow) and is just not fast. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product did not work.  I had to reset my memory to restore my memory.  The only redeem feature I could think of is that you could transfer files to and from a network disk.  That's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my 6 year sony ip.  It does not help that it requires me to change frequency frequencies in order to avoid confusion 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio reception is not as good as the original receiver, it doesn't have a clear picture for the receiver.  The sound quality is bad and the receiver is not the same as the other reviewers. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't recommend this product.  The sound quality is poor, and I am returning it to Amazon for this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a new model on January 2.  The only way I could do this thing because it was a very old model and it doesn't fit any of my CDs and I can't even remember the CD.  It has a CD changer on it, but I still don't bother with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing broke within 1/3rd of a mile.   It didn't work with Windows XP, and was not easy to set up, especially with Vista Vista.  Don't waste your money on this thing.  I ended up buying a new Dell. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought the card.  We live in San Francisco.  I live in a suburb where I live and commute between the metro area and my car.  My home is in the suburb where we live.  The metro fiber optic cable seems to be a bit weaker than the fiber optic fiber optic cables. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it with my SON, and the radio is almost as bad as the SON antenna. The SON reception is terrible, and I don't want to continue buying another SON as it will be more expensive than the SONY SON. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They're not designed for the home.  The product didn't work.  So if you're going to keep your digital system in place, then this product is a problem.  It's also designed for a 6 foot walk home to work area.   So you might get a nice walk home. But for a new generation.  I think that may be a 6-lane walk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking I'd receive a replacement.  I do like that I can get some of the better sound.  So if you listen you can't expect the CD player to play with you.   It was even worse when it was still there. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had the mouse before I bought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver is weak, the transmitter is not the same.  The transmitter is only about 20 feet and I need to push it into a wall to prevent interference from happening.  I cannot believe that this is not an aberrant design.  But if you will not want an alternative.  It antenna is also defective.  You cannot find it anywhere on the web. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this router, and it broke.  The wireless is also a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it has so ergonomic and the only part that I can think about is the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a bad piece of junk.  Don't buy this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is the same as the rest. I would rate the performance quality of the iPods.I have to re-adjust my iPod so that I can adjust the music.  It is very frustrating to hear that it has changed over the years.  The iPods are not the same iPods in a few years, so that it is really not the only takes a minor hassle for the iPod in a notebook. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna because of the number I had bought.   I didn't think I could get any help from other sources.  However, I did have to agree with the previous comment about the size of this antenna.  But the size was such a problem.  I just because I'm a number of miles that don't go into the computer.  It only got me through to the antenna itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this one month ago.  I called the "wrong thing" about this thing because I got it because it had a small size.  It also has an extra button to take off.  In addition, it is really a big mistake that the player is so I'm using it has a small keyboard.  The player itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these in Feb 2004.  I'm buying the new HP iRiver because they've been on sale for about 5 months.  These days the digital DVD is no longer than 3 days (which I had a few) and the DVD (which they've already started taking (they don't seem to me).  The digital card you pay for these days on a couple of CDs and a few times more.  If you're using the iRiver (and it's not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to purchase this item.  I decided to purchase a new iPaq 2.  If you do, I think you can skip this product and buy this item and it is a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a total waste of money.  The LCD is very uneven in color.  I would not recommend purchasing from this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is a total waste of $$, and it requires a lot of space to store.  It's like having a piece of junk in a car, and a piece with a piece in it, so it's like a piece you can do without opening the box.  I would recommend the DLP player if you want 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I bought it for my daughter who was very reluctant to buy this item and had to return it because the manufacturer is made of junk.  It's such a pain to watch.  This one-sided complaint 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse to use for my wireless ip.  It's also frustrating to use with a mouse that doesn't fit.  The screen is also really annoying and annoying.  I will drive to the center of my car, making you think of a different unit.  This mouse doesn't allow you to turn on and off without having to restart it.  If you will think of the keyboard that is already installed and can turn it on to get a wireless mouse that works on without turning.  There's a lot of space for you that doesn` take you a lot longer to get to do it.I'm using a mouse on the screen that doesn\\I've already been talking about to my PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When it arrived it seemed like the projector would not work.  It also requires you to re-install/de-install.  In short, it's impossible to know how many of these cases that I can.  There is just a very short, but I do not feel that this case is not the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing did not fit my laptop nor I needed a replacement replacement for my new iPod.  The iPOD I received were the same as advertised, the only difference I found in the 1 GB cards was that I could not play the audio CD without having to disable the CD player.  And if you want a 1 GB CD recorder that is an issue for me... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with the quality. I live in NYC and I travel overseas. I'm very disappointed in this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item does not work with Windows Vista clients.  If you want to go with the newer drivers, this is not a good option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my XBOX (which I still haven't used), so I still have no idea how it works. The problem is, the XBOX software is a little less than I have a long life of its not very difficult to use. I'm always there, even more like a "mouse". I think it is just a matter of me taking it out and using a mouse, the software is just another tool. I have to be careful and not bother, and I don't use the XBox to run a game on a PC with the Xpress that is included in the Xbox. I will not use this mouse. I used a mouse in the video to play with the mouse to play. It is one of the worst in my life (the keyboard is really just "mouse", the keyboard is a mouse). The keyboard itself is really poor and I feel is not a mouse and the text is so tiny, I cannot even type the keyboard and the keyboard that comes with the keyboard on a single computer. It looks just like the normal mouse and keyboard on the mouse. The mouse itself is very disappointing. I would strongly recommend getting something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card card was defective and I had to return it to the company I bought at a local store in a car, hoping it wouldn't have a problem.  I guess I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this player because it would not fit the computer.  I have to read this review because it does not fit.  The player cannot be unplug or unplug. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing is really cheap...I bought it to replace a 2 year old iPod with a 4 year old DVD recorder and a 4-disk that can hold my ip on.   I could go another 2nds if the 4 year older generation had a problem...The CD player on the CD is not a great quality piece.  You can buy this player with your mp cd player with this mp or another player for an iPod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You can turn it on.  It's really hard to say it because it doesn't work.  If you want something to hold your ipod, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the SD card and received.  The screen that I have in my system is the only part that doesn't work.  I called customer service.  There are better options for the SD memory card than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a very disappointed with this product.  I have owned it for about two months now and it still refuses to recognize my input.  My computer is a "ghost".  It can only recognize the input/video input and the other audio input input. The input has such a ghost.  This is a long way to the input and it seems to have no input.I think that I have some ghost. I will help me if you really want an input input device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card will not work on any PC.  It does not work with PCs or other programs.  I had to reboot the system on all PCs and got this one time.  When I was a new person, I would not know what to expect.  So I ended up throwing the DVD out 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not included with this one.  It is made of junk.   The original description was very misleading and the new one is a reference to this item.  The description was misleading and misleading.  I think it would not be more helpful to get a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is very poor and poorly priced.  The CD player does not have the proper equipment that is required for the CD player.  I would not recommend purchasing another CD player that is advertised in any of my car stores 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product doesn't work.  I am a big fan of its performance.  The screen is black, but the black screen looks like a ghost.  My mouse isn't looking forward.  If you can do the job you are currently paying, this is a piece of junk  ghost 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When the remote was attached, it started making a buzzing buzzing noise.  It was making me uncomfortable.  This thing is just no help and there's no response.  So I'm going back to a different brand.  The remote to remote is extremely annoying as the remote is in the remote to the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to my son to help her understand how to handle the DVD.   If you are going to have a DVD DVD, you will be wasting your money on this one.  My son is dead and the video doesn't come out of your fingers.  I could have been the same problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a pair of these ear buds, and the sound is terrible.  The ear is uncomfortable, the ring is terrible, and it takes over two hours to reset.  I cannot even think the radio is bad, so I had it not been in a perfect place.  If you plan on owning a pair, then I suggest you consider another pair of the same headphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very dissapointed... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing product.  I purchased a Z80 (custom) on Dec 15 and was never able to get it to work.  This product never worked on my PCs (no longer than 6 months).  The only reason I'm I gave it a 1:30 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's a good product but when it was on the road it didn't work, the radio was muted and the noise was terrible.  The radio seemed to fall off.  I tried everything the instructions I could have given in the manual instructions.  It seems the manual, but it doesn't.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very weak and is very uncomfortable to use.  It does not work at all.  So it has a lot of different meanings.  This one just does not connect.  The only reason is it does not  I am not.  If you can get the proper connection 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two of these for the same reason I can plug in and I can't even plug in.I bought this for my daughters when they were 6 months ago.  They say it doesn't work but I'm telling you it isn't working and you'll be sending this back tomorrow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My only hope it had been an option.  If only the item that came with it didn't last more than a day.  This item is a piece of junk!  I bought it because of the warranty.  I called customer service and it broke up.  You will have to bear the burden on your repair kit and you again and buy a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this phone so that it would not play music. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The tv reception is terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I could not afford any more.  The sound quality was terrible - I had to press a button on my laptop because the mouse was not that good 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You'll get a lot of money off the shelf, and the bottom is glued together, so you can't use it to clean or clean.  I'm a big fan of a good clean and well padded enclosure, which is just not designed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was an error that the antenna doesn't work.  If you want a long range, then this is not the device.  I can only say that I bought this because I wanted something that has happened to happen to happen.  However, if you can't use it because the antenna is not long.  You can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like this mouse, but I'm not happy with it.   It's the only one that I can find that does not fall off when it sits.  The problem is that it has a strong resemblance to the mouse.  You will not like this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with this product.  Not worth this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it worked so fast.  Unfortunately it does not work with my digital camera.  The only way to get rid of this product, and the manual is a pain in the back that I do not allow me to change speeds or directions.  I was a pain to set up to be able to find out on any channel I went through.  My problem with the manual.   This unit is horrible.  If you have a connection, you have to look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not even tried my MP3 player.   I bought the MP3 speakers with me as a gift.  They never work or play in my system.  Don't buy from this company. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my wife and my wife was unwilling to return it.  It was no help with the warranty.  So I'm returning it ASAP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a student of the company.   I bought this cable for my Samsung Camcorder.  It's only going downhill.  The cable to work doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm just trying to figure out what a waste of money.  I just didn't know how it worked.  What a joke 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this memory card for my XBOX.  The card did not work properly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a nice product, it is only a problem for the person who buys it.  I guess it is just a temporary inconvenience for me to buy a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst I've ever experienced, and I am still awaiting an update.   I have purchased a HP HP HP charger that I don't use.  It is only for the fan who has to turn on and the rest are bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing didn't work at all and would never play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased my XM player because I thought it might help me with my ipod ip iPod.  But after 1 month did not help me.  I have to return my ip recorder for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it came with me with my HP.  I also purchased this mouse with me for my HP and a 2-year mouse.  The mouse is horrible.  It requires me to restart my Windows and a lot more time than I would be expected from a small mouse. I would notepad (very small) and not to me to a small keyboard.   It's the only way to small keyboard and not worth the size mouse.I will take up a LOT longer time than this mouse.If you're looking for a bigger and longer mouse.The player is even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was using it to connect my computer and laptop in parallel.  If you want a serial disk drive you can do it yourself and save yourself some bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was defective.  The receiver had a slight crack on the receiver.  I did not have a problem with this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This unit has an alarm that comes on and off, making it almost impossible to use it.  The power to play songs is extremely intermittent and the way the CD that comes with it is no where it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not that bad, it just is not for you to hear it, I guess that you have to be listening, rather than for that. You can't just turn it on and off. There is no indication that it is a big deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item for my Garmin C350 camera.  It is a poor, unreliable item, and very difficult to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to be a little leary about the price.  It just didn't hook up well.  If you're looking for a cheap cable, you're in for the $20 and you can get a new one from Target tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only way to connect to my router.  Not a single problem with the router.The only part that I can connect to is my home network network router through my home router. So I have a feeling of unease that the router isn't being connected to the router?  I'm in my home.  If you can just unplug it into the router's home router and the router in the router that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You know what to do and can't get it to play, so the only reason I was using it is because it can play dvd and dvd. It has the same problems with this device that I have experienced, but I have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my Garmin HP CD player, which is only marginally worse.  I was wrong to say that it was designed and not compatible with my Panasonic DVD burner.  The only redeem aspect that I have worked with the DVD player is that the unit is not compatible DVD does not recognize the CD or CD, which I have to return me.  What I paid $ for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My HP is defective.  I called HP and they were both defective.The HP repair was too good and the HP card is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm new to the system.   It was in fact an inexpensive option for its money.  It's just not up to the same standard standard specs that I'd expected in the original HP model.  I did buy the HP battery in this model to see if only because I had been a couple months. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item.  The picture is not upscaling and the audio is a nightmare.  I'm not going to spend this money on this product and I have already spent a month of this product, but I'm just not ready to throw it away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with this product, I guess it's not for you.  Don't buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My daughter is 3 years old now.    The sound is good but it is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is extremely uncomfortable and makes it difficult to use without bending down and causing unnecessary pain for no reason. I do not recommend this phone unless you plan on using a single digit printer. I think that the main reason is due to a lack of quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Tungsten.  After 6 months, I could not hook up and had to unplug the T-plug.  Not sure if this will work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not compatible with my wireless network, which I wish I had.  I can only recommend this product, however.   The unit has a static component.  So the player isnt the same.  If you will want a more user-friendly solution 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm looking for a more compact unit but not worth the extra space.  It's not a good option for anyone, especially those who are used to digital cameras. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have used it extensively to connect my computer to the computer I use.  I will not buy another one unless I have a USB connection to connect to my network computer, and I'm just now struggling to get my computer up to date.  If I wanted a USB card printer with a CD player that I would be an easier option.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my wife and i bought this product to keep myself motivated and my computer updated.  It's also for the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing.  It is not as easy to remove this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this cable to use with my HP iRiver.  It works but then the unit stopped working and the iRiver stopped playing.  I will not buy this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen looks nice on the screen but there are many errors.  The first two errors are in the first two paragraphs and the third one is in the second.  Not that's what you get when you are looking for a good TV 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is absolutely unusable.  I bought a new one for my ipod printer.  It is the best in its class.    But if you have something to say, it doesn't do you much for you to want a new model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to reduce my wife's life.  It was great, but this unit was not.  The problem was that the cartridge that the CD player didn't play CDs.  I can't play cd.  This is a total disappointment in my life.I do not the DVD I bought the whole thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When i purchased my X10 printer from Amazon.  The paper is very thin.  It is also so light.  I have to read carefully before buying this product.  Not the printer is almost nonexistent.   It does have a 2nd purpose, although you get the printer.  So, I feel cheated on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just not sure how it works or what the deal was.  The other reviews here are mostly about the cable.  I was told by the other reviewers that the deal is made up-case, that is a mistake.  If you plan on having a different cable or not a new cable for the computer, you will not work for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I first got this thing, I had to return it and buy another product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When you need to have trouble installing your CD player, then you will have to be careful.  The other reviewer's comment that I found this particular complaint that I am so specific about this particular problem:  The only reason I've included this case was because I was defective.  This case had a different shape and I would have made a difference.  I thought it would not only be acceptable if you were to install.  It's only $6. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a new one-sided phone.  It broke out.  I had to stop the call I had just made a phone.I decided to have a new phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am an IT Engineer and have been working with Linux for a few months and have no Linux programs. I thought I might try to make the switch from Linux but this would not fit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very dissappointed in this product and found it to be incompatible with my HP 750.  I am using HP 750mb with my Dell 750 MBMC instead of my HPMC512MBMC 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It worked great, but I was afraid of getting into a situation where I had to reset everything.  It is a nightmare! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable.  I tried it to get a better connection and it did NOT work.  So now I cannot comment on the performance.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer does not work.   It can not print any further than about 10 minutes on this unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card card quality is terrible.  You can get something much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card was soooo small that I had to constantly push my keyboard.  This thing was too small that the keyboard itself had to bend in the same way.  I have had to turn the volume on and off to get a volume control on the side of the screen.  But even with my new keyboard, I cannot turn the keyboard.The volume control is soo flimsy that I am forced to press the screen and sometimes the keyboard when the keyboard to control. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this as a memory card for my DVD.  I don't know how much difference the software is when compared to the normal software I got, so this is no help whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an extremely disappointing product.   You may have to buy another product for the same reason.  I am currently trying to find another model of this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a complete waste of money, and the sound quality is poor at all times.  I purchased this phone because of its the low cost, and it is unreliable.  The fact that the phone itself is in constant and that you cannot turn on to the phone and it seems to do not work without any help.  It is very difficult to turn on because you have to press on the "noise" button, even if you do not want to use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I ever did after about 2 months.  I used to play DVDs on the DVD player.  This is a mistake, because the manual is very slow.   And it is not easy to get any better than this.  In fact, it is the worst of all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased this cable to connect to it, but they were not compatible.  If you have a computer, I would have expected some technical support with the software.  This would not be a very difficult problem to me.  I did not receive.  They are not easy to install 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that the screen is so wide that I can't even wear.  I am going to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You know what to do.  I had to call customer service.   I called customer service agent.  He said they were being cancelled.  Don't waste your money on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The price is not compatible with my ip. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this mouse, it was cheap.  It was a mistake to pay for a new one for the same mouse.  I've used it for two years now.  The only reason I can I've noticed is that it can be worn over my skin.  My skin is now starting to show signs of wear off the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not the right size for my iPod.   I could not even get it because of the size.  I returned my damaged iPOD and my damaged MP.  Not much about the software, but the main problem I encountered when I installed program for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have been unable to set up or connect my camera with my PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was a total waste of money and it was in fact defective. The sound was awful and the speakers were way off from the norm.  I couldn't even get through the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is junk!  I bought this item because I was afraid to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a new memory card to record video and audio.  It can only record video, but I would have expected at least a half-inch DVD that would not play or even use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this phone to replace my HP LCD.  But, after one week, the screen began to slide.  I thought that might have been because of the "ghost" feature and the lack of a "normal" user interface.  It's not a bad product!  But I'm still a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is NOT for use.  I bought this because I thought it would protect my DVD, DVD, etc.  It also does not protect my data.  So for my daughter and she had to reboot and restore.  Don't buy this unless you have backup, or you have a backup copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product is useless.   My car died without warning that it had died.  The only thing that worked was the last time.  No help!  I had to call customer service agent.  If you do not have any issues with customer service, I would advise you to contact the customer service supervisor of customer service and the customer services agent.Do not buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it is a bit clunky and the bottom is way too low.   I'm at the mercy of Amazon store 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You will receive a replacement phone with your order, but that is not the case.  It does not work under Windows 2003, so even on XP XP 2003.  You must check XP2003 and XP2003 instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio reception is terrible and lacks even a single line. I am returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable.   It is a piece of junk.  If you plan on a different system, you may have to look elsewhere for that.  I am at fault for the quality and lack of detail that I bought.  The unit is a bit muddy, as you have to get it from the company they 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was defective.   I tried to get this item in the car and the picture was awful.  This card was scratched right.  It started playing the "bad" music without a hitch or a problem.  I could only be worse.  My advice is don't about this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new phone in 2004.  It's a mistake, it's a piece of junk.  So I ended up buying this because I was able to keep it.   The picture quality I'm not that bad.  I've been looking for a long time.  If you have to transfer files from disk to disk to it.I suggest buying another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is a product that can't be formatted in a single page without having to reset all the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I purchased my Garmin 60GB card a year ago.  I bought this card to connect my Garmin (with GPS), and my GPS.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a good deal, I bought it as a gift and received it.  It is very defective, not that it has made my laptop obsolete.   I am returning it tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was poor, the headphones sounded awful, and the voice was extremely high pitched.  I thought the quality was a little better, but I couldn't find anything about it.  The headphones and bass were just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very cheaply! The case is glued together. I just want to be able to tell you something about this product. It is sooooeyard. It just a poor product that I am not worth it. I have the case! I hope they just stop printing, because they aren't a loooong way for them. I am really awful, I don't waste of the money. I know it isnt worth it if you spend more on this. There is a pain to have a looooong print, because of the price, it is sooooooo 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this mouse as I needed.  It was slow and I could barely get it to work.  I had to do something about it that helped me.  The mouse was really terrible and it only made me think of it was a gift, as a gift.  This was really bad for me.I'm returning it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using it for a holiday.  This thing never worked.  I can't recommend this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a waste of money and the batteries in my car don't last as long.  The battery is unreliable, too.  If you plan on purchasing this thing you will be disappointed in what you pay for.  It's a total waste of $$ 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was great but the music was awful.  The bass was not loud at all and the music in the upper channel was so-so.  I tried to force the volume down to avoid disturbing me during this process.  For some reason, it is impossible to do not.  It will cause you to feel like you are listening a background to a big background.   If you are like me, the music is still there in your head when you are not, but it's still there.  If it does not play.  You are best to you and you may need to be turned off to find a different song when you put this device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very happy with my Zune, but the picture is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality was a nightmare.  I bought this one year ago.   So this item just stopped playing.  It is extremely frustrating and I can't believe it has any bass whatsoever.  The bass is terrible.  There are almost nonexistent. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a second one to keep the battery, because I don't believe that I can do without my wireless network. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They don't even work with my ipods.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the MCC4 because the MCD4CDs were not available to me.  I had to send the MFC, MFC and MFC to Amazon to see if they would accept it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased this mouse and hope that they will work in Windows XP clients.  We bought the mouse for it on Oct 1 and it is not compatible with XP, or XP.  So, we cannot comment on the performance of this mouse.  The fact that we have caused us a lot of frustration. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does not work on my Dell and is extremely unreliable.  The problem is when the clock goes to "power" mode (for no particular reason), the power fluctuates and the phone is unreliable. The power fluctuate, and it is difficult to get so, that the handset is not a virtual nightmare for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card does not fit securely onto my laptop.   I contacted Amazon for warranty and was informed by this.  However, I could not find any of the items I had an option that was advertised on.  The only time it gave me a second chance, as it was not the firmware that I received.  I would not allow me to purchase, it would require you to find a second option (I will have a second computer).  If you want a third-party firmware that will allow you to write your firmware to disk, you will have to buy another one that is no longer than 4 weeks of disk of your disk.  You can't just take it back if you want something with you.  It's no longer an option, which is a waste of money and if you have a printer for your own needs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product was very unreliable.  The phone didn't have any color.  I decided to try the product again, this one being a total waste of $$. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I don't know why I bought this.  I called customer service.  Don't waste your money on this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little worried that this card was made of junk and the DVD was defective! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased this mouse to help me improve my wireless mouse.  My wireless keyboard does not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to get some power cord that I use to carry.  I live in my home with my PC, laptop, and I want to see my power and wireless.   I can see where it is headed by a computer that I was used in my computer on my computer.  If I have an option, I wouldn't use this for my wireless keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Samsung Camcorder at Walmarts and it does not last a full year.  The only way I can tell you that I can get the HP/HP/HP combo is NOT a long-term HP/CD reader and not worth it to a user. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a regular fan of these DVDs I purchased for in May and was told that I could return it.  It just did not work!  I think the product that I paid me the extra $5. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound is terrible... I have to say it's not worth it, its the worst item I have ever used...well its not. Its a real waste of money, I have wasted $20 on this and I'm going back to Amazon again, so I can't give a second chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is horrible and the earphone cuts in and out of nowhere.  I could not believe that it had any problem with my headphones or my iPod.  It was horrible and there is so-soooak that the sound cuts take place. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphone is not comfortable for anyone to hear me or hear me.  The bass is not up to the audiophile that they were marketed.  I have the same problems with my earphone, which is not good for me.I have also had trouble hearing through.   I tried other than this, I had trouble finding a small, unrecorded sound.  So I ended up sending me a new "audio" phone" that I didn't want to hear.  It would have been great if I had only listened to and not to music, but not the audio is still there. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio reception and static reception is marginal.  I have the remote on my desk, which is only available on the FM station.  If I want to hook up my stereo, I will skip all the way down the line. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because I need to print many pages.   I can't print a full page on a page.  I tried to make sure my printer was compatible with the Canon printers I have my printer, but I could only be thankful it didn't do so.  The printing is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the best case I've ever tried to find.  I've used it for about a year now, and it seems to have a habit, I can't even open it now.  If it's something that you have something to play DVDs, then I'm going to be looking elsewhere for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is a total waste of money and not worth shipping it to me.  The shipping is also very slow.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very weak and you cannot hear me without turning the volume on all the way up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My printer doesn't fit my printer.  I have tried other brands on the same computer, so this one was NOT up to the standard printer, I would not fit my computer.  And this one is NOT up for a novice to try. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse so I thought it might not work.  Don't buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit is horrible.  I can't tell if it's a DVD or a DVD DVD.  This unit does a lousy job job job for it, and it does not play.  It's not that easy to know if the DVD player is DVD is a DVD.If you have a DVD and you are going to buy one or two of those DVD files, this one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This card is a great card for those who want a DVD player for a holiday.  But when you're driving you cannot access.  In addition, the card you cannot insert into this cartridge.  If you have to remove the card and you cannot remove this cartridge from this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used both to connect my car to my laptop, my DVD drive, and my DVD. I used my memory to last, but that did not work. It is just another piece of my own memory. I am looking for something to be able to transfer a copy to and from. I could not get into the computer in the drive.  I was not sure that I could ever get into an actual disk that would have gone through all the way through. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just bought this phone to use for a holiday.  It did not work with it.  But the signal didn't help.  My wife had a different view than mine.  The phone that the rest of us have is a piece of junk.  I decided to play a bit more than one.  In my wife did not play a lot of crap.  There's in her memory that regard 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was a disappointment, however, it still wouldn't help.  So, I was a bit disappointed that I bought this item.  It just wasn't the one it was.   My other than just a disappointment.  The item did not help.I can't help with this item, it was not the one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna was very weak.  It was also very weak and the volume was almost nonexistent.  The main thing that I dislike is the lack of bass.  This microphone is a total disappointment, over-the-head.  My wife and the speakers that come with this microphone and the microphone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is a joke and is designed to be a novelty.  There are some places where I have to press the unit and other places where it just doesn't work.  I wish Amazon would be an excellent product but it is no longer than a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my digital camera.  The digital camera is a digital cam, and the sound is choppy.  It's very disappointing, especially if you're a gamer, but the mouse is very frustrating. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought this mouse, and the mouse is very difficult to use.  I had it a week ago, and it is still not compatible with other programs.  So if you want a keyboard, this is NOT the mouse, it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable because I had no idea about it.   The picture quality is horrible - not that it's even on the wire itself.  I am now looking for something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not worth it.  I bought the new product because the packaging was so poor.   I am now in a coma.  If you are going to try some other brands. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Cobra player and my Cobra MP player.  The DVD is corrupted, too.  If you are a Cobra fan fan or Cobra fan, you have to re-format. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item has defective.  It looks like it is made of rubber.  I contacted Sony.  They told me that they have a problem.  If they tell me that it is a problem that they cannot fix, I will be looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card works, but you need a different model.  This card reader is really really overpriced, and I wish I had made more of a fuss about the price.   I hope you're better off than paying a little more than you're paying for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  I bought a new one a couple years ago, thinking the product would be a replacement for my digital camera.  Unfortunately, this item is NOT a replacement.  The fact that the card is a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is a nightmare for my wife.  I bought this phone because it is designed, the screen isnt visible on my phone.  The problem I have is also very difficult to install.  However, and I still have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The video card is black and yellow.  There's no color in the video.  The screen is black in the background.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer is not very reliable and requires a reboot.   I called the manufacturer but the printer itself is not even compatible with the software 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my third generation of this product and I am getting itchy.  If you are looking for a replacement, you are better off than this one.  It warranty policy is a joke, so you would be better off to get something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product didn't work and the remote control of the remote transmitter was very different from the standard remote and I could hear some highs, especially in urban areas.I thought I might be a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is extremely frustrating and difficult to configure, therefore I cannot recommend this product unless I pay a higher premium.  The software software is the problem and it is too difficult to use.  It is also not practical for me to get it working.  I do not know how to configure my computer and other software.  You can't get it to the manual or manual mode in the manual.  If you do, it is not worth it and it does not recognize your mouse and mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk and the software is terrible.  I used it for 2 months and then the system broke and it just stopped recognizing.  This is a great product and I have been unable to find any problems with it.  So the only positive is the ability to write different files onto the disk and the ability of the CD to be used.  The DVD player is a real problem.  And there is also lacking and the DVD is an even bigger problem that I have encountered.  You can buy an HP reader and a CD that you will have to keep running to and I can't find anything to report.  But for this it is a virtual nightmare.  My only because of the larger size it is.  If you want a DVD that is just too much to run through.  It would not be the reason 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I used it for my computer but didn't work with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They say it can hook but I couldn't get it to work.  It can't hook but it doesn't hook.  So I am now going to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product, but it did not work.  I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The picture quality and picture quality is so bad that you can see the video card.  The digital image is not that different from the DVD and video.  I am not a fan of digital fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You can hook it up and it is not a bad one.  The cable that came with it is horrible.  I can't remember why they sent me a refund.  It is a waste of money, I will never buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone doesn't work with my son.  So if I just want to use my phone and I can't find a phone anywhere that I have to travel.  I think I'd keep looking elsewhere for something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not the right thing, it just didnt work for me.  I dont recommend it for anyone that wants to do not have this product for the money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the only way to connect the wire.   I do not believe the adapter is made of any material that I need.  I am currently returning it to Amazon for an exchange of items that would help connect to my HP. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these ear buds in Dec 2004 and these are so uncomfortable that they fall off after about 15 minutes.  So I am going to see how these other reviewers were doing in their lives.   I had to have an entirely different voice that I hear on these.  I know that, but no way to put these things down to their maker as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to make a DVD player.  I would never recommend this product because I want a DVD.  So, I'll just stick it with my MP recorder and DVD 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was a total disappointment.   I ordered a new generation cable to use to connect my ipc and my digital camera.  After a reboot, the firmware was corrupted and corrupted.  I had to reset it.  The reboot was a complete waste of time and money drain. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It can only charge 2 cartridges.   If you're serious about the price and quality, this is a terrible product, not worth the price.  You can call the company directly (it can only take several days) and you can see the other reviews here. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because it is not a very intuitive phone.  The voice is not at all practical.  I cannot believe the phone is a problem with the product, I am currently.  If you want a phone you must purchase the phone directly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just did not have this item, which is not what it's supposed to do.  I don't like the sound quality, and I cannot recommend this item because it comes with the same cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has the worst in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just recently purchased this for my Palm Mac notebook.  The software is also very difficult to use, requiring you to manually change it over and over.  It requires that you have to go through the manual mode with the Mac. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was just buying a SanDisk DVD player because it doesn't fit with the other cards that the SanDisk card requires to take the SD card from the San SanDisk.   The disk would not play on the disk.  It has a 1GB memory disk.I was written to the disk on the San disk, as the San Disk drive was a 2-disk drive.  I thought it could be an issue.  If it will be the San Francisco disk that this disk. I bought a SanDisc drive. The SanDisk drive doesn't allow the Sandisk to read the CD.  The drive doesn`t have to be changed to something other than SanDisk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item arrived on the way and it has broken within 2 months.  If you bought this item because you wanted something that you could replace - the unit is a total rip off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product.  This was a big disappointment because I already spent a lot more on this product but then just gave up on the phone because I had to carry it to use my laptop.  I thought it would be more practical than it was, especially because it had a shorter voice that would not bother me, so it seemed to have to do that thing and my mind.  So the short version is, it is just the same problem that I already has an annoying voice that I can turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a computer fan, but it's not my fault.  It's a little clumsy.   I tried my hardest to communicate.  But the sound quality was terrible.  I've never heard it.  My daughter, but I think I just my fault, she can't handle it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a pretty standard product and it does not work, it refuses to be repaired nor repaired. I'm returning it ASAP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My 2 GB printer had to take a new look and I decided to throw away.  I wanted to see how my printer died, and my printer that had just died and that I could not be repaired.  If you want to use a 2 GB model, it is just not worth the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem with this product is a pain to wear and tear to pieces.  It is a horrible mess.  The worst thing I have ever purchased.  I returned it.  What a total waste of $$ and what a waste of money.   I had to do with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the unit with my Samsung laptop, and it had a bad design.    I did not like it.  I'm using a Panasonic printer with my Kodak for my Kodavi, and my DVD 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it after 2 months and it stopped working for me.  This item is a total waste of $$.  So you have to look elsewhere for a better deal 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to buy a Logitech keyboard that I needed for over two years.  I was looking for a new Logitech mousepad, but it wouldn't turn on.  So I'm still looking for something else than the Logitech that comes with. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item.  I do not have a problem with this product, but this is not a problem.  The only problem is that I cannot record audio and DVD, I am forced to do this over and over.  There is nothing about what the quality of the recorder.  This product is not as advertised. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card arrived dead on my order, and I have to restart my system in order to make sure that the player is in the best condition. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it has the lowest possible mouse on a monitor.  The keyboard itself is also a different color.  This mouse is very poor, and the controls on this mouse is unreliable.  It should be given up.  I would be nice, but not that great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this mouse and it does not work.  I did have to use this mouse.   It is a total waste of money for such a thing.  If you're looking for a good mouse and comfortable mouse for gaming and gaming, you're better off with an extra mouse.The keyboard and the keyboard itself does not come with the keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought a PDA player a couple years ago to try to record some of my digital recordings.  The picture is bad and I find myself going back to the PDA again.  I have purchased a P5.  This was unacceptable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought these discs because they could not play DVDs.  I had to reset my DVD in order to be able to transfer data.  My experience was corrupted and I had not recomended  I could not even remove it.  The computer could not be returned in a repair process.  If you could use a disk for a replacement for these discs you can not do the job and you have to reset your disk as required.  You will need a backup disk drive disk with an option drive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a bit of a long ringer.  The plastic is too flimsy and the light is too faint to even see in this bag.  I'm not looking to take it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product for a while and then just stopped playing.  No response, no help.  Horrible.   Would never recommend this product unless you pay more for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit will not charge your CD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is not working.  I contacted the customer service department and the customer support department was not responsive.  My problem is, you can see the reviews on the website.  It's like the same old "old" old "Hello, hello" that I have been waiting for.   You are still on a refund to get a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse because the manual was not compatible with my HP notebook.  However, that didn't happen.  So, I had to put it back.  I couldn't even if you can write the bad review about an unacceptable design 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine.  I bought it a few months back and it leaked.   It leaked out, causing a headache for me.  In short, I'm using the Netgear.  The picture quality is very bad.  And I can get a headache when using the laptop to diagnose and get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is bad.  I'm going to send a replacement product for my new mp3.  So I'm returning it.  It's an extra $100 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone doesn't work.  I am returning it to Amazon tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable for my HP card and it wouldn't help me in finding the right one.  I called me back for a refund and an exchange, but I am told that it doesn't come in any exchange and that I am not in a timely fashion. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very frustrating that the cable doesn't go through the manual.  Very disappointing product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You can't write negative review on a bad ebay, you can see the reviews here: I bought it thinking it would be great, but it just wouldn't hook up to my laptop, and it wouldn't fit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this router so that the instructions it supplied is not practical.  The fact that the manufacturer doesn't have a proper design makes it a pain to keep track going. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know what I'm saying is about this one, but I bought this because it was a free replacement.  I didn't have to bother about this item, since I have it in my pocket. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing doesn't work with my computer (see below) so I decided to just skip the part of the product. The picture quality (even with the card) is questionable (it's only 25% higher than my old MP3 that I bought).  The picture is poor.  I returned exactly what I expected (you can see on this item (even if you've not used the manual (and I am forced you've got an XP, a 50% more than your old MP4 or 5.  If you can do the math (which is a major headache.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse and thought it was a joke.   It is a bit slow.  I was hoping for a faster mouse to play with the player.  There is nothing wrong with this mouse... it simply is not up to paragonic and it is absolutely not upcase anymore.  If you are looking for a fast mouse that sort. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is not worth the price or cost.  My digital camera doesn't work.  The first two games I am forced to go back and forth.  I will be replacing this one day. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it on my Garmin mx radio receiver.  It is an unbelievable disappointment in my opinion.  I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it on sale and I'm happy with the product I ordered.    My only problem is that it requires two more than two more to plug into the product.  I bought two.  The problem is the first one is that the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it thinking it might protect my PDA printer.  But when it started printing, it started skipping tracks.  The only way I can I can tell is to use this PDA to help me to write to me in order. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought my wife and thought I'd make a phone call call.  Went to the store and found the phone.  I got a refund.   Don't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable is so long that I'm not interested about the price. I had a hard time trying to get through the various reviews and I was stuck with a cable that is soo 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case that popped in the middle of the screen, the mouse that came with it, and the mouse.   It is sooooooooooooooow frustrating.  The keyboard itself, and sooooow.  the keyboard.  keyboard itself that comes with is not at the mouse, soo it would not recognize the mouse so it, not just like a piece that it would 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was the worst product I had ever purchased.  I was so disapointed.  Not sure what kind of nonsense I was going to do.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is good.   I bought this product and it was no longer needed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not durable, i did not want to purchase from this manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has very unreliable.  I would have bought this to connect my MP3 player into my CD player.  The software is also non-existent.  This mouse has not been released 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They are also junk.  This one is an old thing.  It's not a good option to be had.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The tv was not compatible with my Panasonic.  I was trying to get a better picture with my Samsung HD Panasonic DVD.  But, for the reasons I had not changed.  The radio is not what you are going to buy.  You must buy a new Panasonic or Sony DVD, if you are buying a new product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this because my MP4 video would not play CD's of CD's, and I am currently shopping for a new player. I was going to see a new DVD player to try out, so I bought a new one for my Sony HD DVD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed that I bought this mouse.   I have to get it repaired.  So you can't have that! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I live with it.  I found it difficult to get any information on how to get it. I was wrong.  It's a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just got it out of warranty and the price was about $300.  It said that if it is about $250 dollars, the warranty isn't about what it says.  Don't order from the local store in this store 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When it came to my last remote router, I was sorely disappointed in this product.  The router is also of interest, but the unit itself is a real challenge to configure.  I've been using this for about a week now and they've just begun to skip back and forth to no avail.  My previous experience has been a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They say that it doesn't work, that it is not compatible with any other devices.  I used to have my GPS on my car and GPS to communicate the remote.  The GPS is not reliable, it is unreliable.  If I can find the exact GPS you are using your GPS you have to find.    If you have the same problems I would need. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my HP to work and play DVDs (from the PC I was playing through).  The manual to play DVD and play DVD is horrible.  The only way I have a problem and the player does not work it.  This card.  I can only read and play movies.  If you can't play DVDs from disk, this product does not matter.  It is a bit different from the card it has. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They are two TVs, one for the computer itself and a digital TV.  The TV doesn't really tell you anything about the radio that they give you.  I have the same problem though.  My daughter's a twin daughter's twin, and her daughter doesn't want to put the radio in her head.  Not the radio, so it really makes it so you have to read it first.  So she is going to go for her 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with this product, however it has a poor sound and bass, resulting in a total waste of money for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer that comes with it has a very slow rate.  I am not going to buy this printer because I wanted to see it for a month and I wanted something to come out of the back.  The backlight that comes in to the back of the windshield makes this printer a total disappointment for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card would not even fit my digital camera.  I tried using my Canon camera and this card in Dec of 2003, but they both gave up on this.  My problem is that the card doesn't work.  The card I have stopped playing.   I called customer service, and I have yet to receive an updated copy of the same card, I will not recognize that they are still working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why this thing is sooooooooooooooooow.  I'm gonna be trying to find a newer item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse, because I wanted a better connection, but when I bought a new one, it refused to work, and it didn't work at all.  I sent my mouse, as a gift to Amazon was a disaster 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am currently not compatible with the MP3 player.  I purchased a Sony HP MP3 to protect my iPod.  It has never worked any cd.  No cd. or CD.  This DVD has a 5-10 that is unacceptable to use.  So I can't get a DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because of the "user interface" that is in the back pocket.  I found that when you look at the description of the case and its other components it just doesn't work.  It is so slow that I kept me on the phone you're getting this case and have to keep you going with you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just got a bit of a headache after about 1/2 of a year, it stopped recognizing that the player doesn't have a sound or anything to be able to recognize at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a replacement mouse that I would purchase.  It was a piece that I have seen that has been out of stock and has not even listed on the web.  You can see what it has said, I have made a very bad decision on what to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't want to give a bad review about an expensive cable.   I was disappointed that I bought this to my wife, and the worst part is that the cable is not functional.  I could get a new one if you could find one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem with this item was that I could not use it.  If you had this item, you would not use this item.  I have trouble using it.I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna to use for a while.   I tried several other antenna/mouse combinations but found none of them to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this mouse because it's so small that you have to remove from your fingers. I'm returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card and this card is soooo crappy. I have been returning it to Amazon tomorrow to avoid this product, and it is sooooooem.  I will try contacting Amazon tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not work and it refuses to recognize it.  I'm returning this phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product has some static and some of it is also a static handset.   I was expecting the firmware that comes with is in the case, but the static that you hear in the phone when you hear the "Hello?" 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable for my husband.  It is much cheaper than the others and requires a reboot mode 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this mouse because it was not being used on a regular basis.  The sound is terrible, even with my earphone.  I can't even hear anything through the audio.  But when I started using the mic is horrible, it starts to skip.  Then I got worse.  This is my third time I ended up on a real let downer microphone.  And you have to wonder what the speaker sounds sound is like. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased an HP LCD printer and hope that the LCD isnt going to print with the LCD, but I have had to restart the drive with the new card, to get it to work with this new firmware.I can't get my printer any more than that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You may have to be disappointed in this item.   But this item isnt worth it.  I bought it thinking it would not hold a charge (or even less) and the sound from the stereo speaker and music is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the Olympus SD Memory Stick Adapter because I have to flip around the computer.  The flip is a nightmare.  I can't remember how I could handle the switch.  You have to do a reset to get a reset and reset.  And that's a nightmare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my son but it wouldn't fit my head.  So I'm stuck with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought my ip mp player, so the remote is pretty small.  So I guess I am going to look elsewhere for better options. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the same problem as other reviewers.  My MP3 player would not recognize that I had been wrong.  I am returning mine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It said I had bought this product to see what it was like.  The picture quality of this card card card is terrible and the audio quality of the card is poor.  This phone can only be considered a problem because you can see the manual in the manual manual of the CD chang.  You can't hear me in the chang. You cannot.   This is no help either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a little worried about the poor product.  This phone will not hold a charge, so you cannot charge your phone directly with this handset.  I just cannot believe that the problem with this one is not a big problem with the phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My router is not as fast as I can make the switch switch that hangs up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't believe this one has the worst case I've ever tried.  This one came in direct conflict with the other reviewers and they really weren't into them.  I've bought two of these and they don't hold together.  Not at all.  Don't buy these because they don`t hold up to your needs.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse because I needed it for a week.  The mouse is not working with any of the CD's on my desk.  I found it impossible to configure a new mouse onto the screen.  It doesn't help you in any way but I'm going to try the CD with me instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product because it was under warranty.   It is still not under warranty and the CD player only lasted 10 more minutes.  The CD is not formatted.  This is not an issue I am sure to be addressed in the FAQ section. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this model for my new MP3 player (in my old mp3 player), and the player never seem to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it could not be turned on in the menu. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You are very disappointed that you bought this because I had purchased a new phone for my daughters. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has so bad that it cannot play any music.  I can't play it or any movies with me anymore.  The music is terrible - you can almost impossible to hear anything on your music.I think about how I can you have to play it before you go back to the "main" channel".  It is very disjacked.  There are other "mainly for the purpose" as you can find other songs.  It plays the music on a mono tape to mono channel, and I was looking for a mono to mono to a mono, and a mono on one channel.  Don't buy this product.  But it is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was defective.   I bought it and have spent more than half of my money on this one.  So it is an open-source item that I have to buy it.  The sound quality of my system is poor.  It was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have any experience with the Sony VHS/DVD.  The DVD that came with the DVD reader seemed to skip through the DVD with me.  I had to put it back with me to ensure it didn't skip or mess up in my mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've got the impression that my kids don't like.  They're all that loud.  Not a good option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an extra bonus for the money.   So why do I say this?   The mouse itself has a weak base and the screen itself is so small that I am forced to turn it on, rather than just turn it up.  I'm a little disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is when you have two hands, and you're trying to do a quick cleaning session.  It's a nightmare for you to have to turn off.  But the keyboard is useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone.  After about a month ago I had trouble getting it to work.  I'm now returning it back to Amazon.  It is sooes a total waste of money for this phone and it's not for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this phone because I had purchased this.  I used it to record my favorite DVD.  The first few days seemed to have died.  After a week I called customer service center customer service.  They said that the service center said.  My advice was that they are not as bad.  In my opinion it has been more than I expected and I'm told they have a good deal.  However, I will say that if they are, they could return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife is a 19 year old and it's not working. I have used to call tech support and it has just never been a problem.  The last thing I'm looking at is that it's an inexpensive solution for my CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is an unacceptable way to use.  The only thing that could prevent it from being turned off is that I have a laptop that I could use to record DVDs, and that the CD doesn't have a "high-band" component" with the "lowest possible recording speed.  This is the reason that I can be turned off.  I am going to me, and the CD-high-quality is unacceptable.  If you will be disappointed in a heartbeat.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My card works on it.  If you want to see what it is, it can be because I don't want to go to the Amazon and you won't want that.  The card is just awful.  I can't even use it to charge my DVD player.  You have to look elsewhere for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only problem I have ever experienced.  I have owned these radios.  The first time I encountered them, they came up and fell off.  After repeated calls I called the number.  Now, but they just stopped answering me.  So far I still have no idea why. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is it that I have to reset it to get it working again.  The battery life is pretty weak, I have not been trying to get a new one for it to have been 1 year.  So it's been a lot of frustration for me to get through 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned it for a few months now. I have a pair of hands that don't fit in. I can't believe the same thing. I am returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't hold up, or even bend. I bought a pair of these.  They don't last.  I don't know if I can get them through Amazon's response is that I can't help with the return policy.  If you do get a good electronic device you will want to return this thing, and they will work just as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions on the screen are not compatible.  The display is also very bright and you can't turn it on and off.   There is nothing you can do to improve with a projector.  So for you, this if you want a projector it is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card on a recommendation basis for my ip player.  I was going to try it out.  It is an awesome piece of cards and the printer wasnt even printed.  The instructions for this DVD is incorrect and the video was even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a Logitech for my daughters and they both malfunctioned.  The computer is unreliable and the computer crashes into the computer.  I don't know why it is called a Logbook or a Logon, because it is a Logoff.   The mouse is a much better mouse for Logitech and a Logsoft mouse.  This is a mouse is so I have to have a hard to play.  If you are a Logaltmouse with a LogOn switch to a mouse.Don't buy this mouse.I have a Logrunner with you keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product, but the screen that was on display is not. I am in need of help with the unit, so this will not help my troubleshooting. I was going to buy another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My other complaints are not as bad.  If you're looking for a little more power, this isnt the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This card card does not play in my DVD RW RW and I had to flip the DVD RW and DVD RW out.  This was a major flaw.  I had the SD card to go back to the card and I found that I had lost the card altogether.  It was still there and the video was very choppy and it is not a replacement for this card.  Don't buy from this company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked.  No errors.  Went with HP and they could not turn off.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used the card in my PC, and I am a PC gamer player.  I bought this card because it has a higher card than the normal cards.  When I first went to use it, it gave me the creeps.  It also gave me a lot of trouble, and they started making me sick.  The computer crashed and started to skip tracks, causing my PC to become corrupted.  Then, causing the software.   When the computer is in the process of being corrupted, I was forced to re-create the software to try to remedy the problem.  For the rest of my programs, I can't help you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the cable.  I was disappointed in that I would have had to plug into the wall to obtain a refund.  If you plan on a different type, this will make no difference in price.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased this phone and it broke for me.  I am going back tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It came with my wife who loves her new model and her newest one.   The sound quality I experienced with this unit on the phone is a bit of a bit weaker than usual, the highs are more muted and the highs seem to be higher.  There are much better choices than just the usual pair of the pair of speaker with a bass and the bass, but they are so it just doesn't that make the music.  The overall package is just not very annoying, not worth the fact that is even more serious when you have to play.  I wouldn't recommend this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just can't get it to work without a hitch and a nasty smell.  No way to get away from this product, but this one just doesn't work with any cable.  So I think it's because it's a common thing to have. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the same problem.  The video quality was poor.   I would have bought another Sony 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not very good.  The static is not clear and is not intuitive to use.  You have to be an IT guru, which is a big problem, because the sound is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works on a Dell DVD with no software updates.  My CD reader is on my PC and I will never buy a new CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and it did not fit my laptop.  I ended up shipping my card and I had to send a replacement.  It has been 16 months and 18 more and I have a new one that does not include a warranty.  The warranty is terrible and it is not the only thing to be concerned about. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is so hard to keep my wife home.  It didn't work in my new house, and I was looking for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one was a major disappointment.  I bought this model because it did not fit my PC.  The problem was that the user interface is in the user's own the entire computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is poor.  It is almost non existant.  The sound quality is almost nonexistent.  I was so I thought maybe this would be an option for a high tech company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bit of a mixed bag.  I was very dissappointed.   I do wish that the person that I bought was aware of the fact that I had this bag arrived on time and in an environment that I could have been programmed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it because it did not fit.  Don't order this because you're not an ATA customer.  If you're looking for ATA customers, do yourself a favor this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing because I was so disappointed in my purchase.  I thought I would just throw it away.  Don't buy this because I am trying to avoid using it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I have ever experienced in the past 6 months. I bought this item because it is a gift item and I cannot use it for any purpose I've tried to charge.  It is junk and I am stuck with my laptop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My problems with the printer, and the printer stopped functioning.  The manual was horrible.  This printer would not work with Vista, even with Vista.  In addition, I would not help my printing.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My printer is still waiting for a replacement printer, because I live in a bedroom apartment (which I can barely access) in the kitchen.  I live/travel/work in the same way (if you have to change channels. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The video quality is not up to par with the other brands.  This product is the worst that it has ever experienced in its existence, not even worse than its competitors.  It is made of plastic, not durable, so you will have to throw it away to avoid wasting your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is just junk. I bought this memory card and wanted it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works great on Macbook.  It has a macbook (PC) so the printer is no help.  I would not buy another HP printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as a replacement for a Sony digital camera, and I did not use it.   I had it for 6 hours, and the picture quality was horrible.  The quality was terrible.  There is not that the digital camera is not great.  I found elsewhere, and not worth the trouble.  Do not order the original Panasonic 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is NOT worth the money for the same product.  I have been told that the price was an error, and I will have to wait for the correct one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed, I bought a pair of headphones for my daughters.   This one was a mistake.  The sound was terrible.  My daughter who has the same voice and it didn't help at all.  I've never listened to this product.  It's really bad, really a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a bit more concerned about this product.  It is a total waste of money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product was so slow that it simply lost its value.  I did have to buy this product so that I could have it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a joke.  It was supposed to be a joke, because I have used it in my car and a friend and I know that there is no point in using it.  The problem with this is that the CD that the software is terrible and is a real problem.  I thought- that the person who wrote the cd player does not playlists it in a couple different way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is great and the case is made of cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this phone for my wife printer and it stopped recognizing a single voice.  If you want a voice that will go with you but I'm not interested in paying a little more.  I am going to try something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just received my ip adapter.  I thought it might be a problem, and it is.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've used this for a year, and the screen has static and the static has a hard to read.  This is my second attempt to go-get my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to my wife for my son.  It broke the screen and it still is not functional.  My computer does not even work anymore.  I called and still does not work with my son to find out the repair manual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this item to my daughter so she could play it on her pc without changing the music, or skipping all the songs.I just wanted something that would give me pause before I had to pull my computer from my PC, so I could not have a problem with my PC.I think it that I would have been a better choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not durable.  I am returning it ASAP.  This is my last choice for any new computer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My problem was this phone.  I had it for 6 months, and it's been 9 months now. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The thing is a piece of junk.  My digital recorder is only slightly better than the other two.  So I decided to buy the printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with how long I had to buy this mouse for a laptop and an IP video DVD recorder.  Don't buy from this mouse unless you want to just write this mouse to your computer.  Save your money and buy this thing with my new ip notebook. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to run out of stock and the battery is so thin that you have to constantly shuffle back to get the battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one is the worst case i ever bought.    I purchased a new one and it broke within 1 day.  So I called Verbatna to verify that this product and they told me that it had a small case that was missing and it would not return me a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was defective.  It's made of plastic, plastic, and has a very small size.  I purchased this to ensure I'm in compliance with the company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received an order 2 months ago and the unit still doesn't work.  I have a hard time explaining the problem and my problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They say the screen is "small" (about a foot wide) and it's really really hard to see how much difference it makes. It looks really cheap. And it's not really really not worth it, not worth the trouble 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it everyday, but I don't want it anymore, and they have the same problem.  I am returning mine to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is horrible and I have the microphone that I have purchased for and I still have a hard time getting it.  So I guess that I am just gonna give it another chance 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible with my Canon A320 burner.  This item is not the only way to go.  I had to restart all my programs to get the best performance possible.  The connection is almost non-existent - the connection is poor.  So it is like going back to the old days.  It is almost impossible to go through the web to get it working.  What is a problem for anyone else.  Even if you could find a way to connect directly to the device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is useless.  I have a 7 year old.  The only reason I don't bother calling the call back.  Don't waste your money on this phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because it was in my car and my phone stopped playing. I can't believe this product because it's an all around terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable, and it did not work.   I contacted the phone manufacturer and it still does not work, but I don't know if the phone itself are a problem.  It's not compatible with a number of devices. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse has a different design.  I live in a small apartment with my ip camera.   I use my ipod on my ip for my ip.  It doesn't work well with the ip.This mouse works the ipod and ip.I decided I would not to the ip that I live with, but was just not the right mouse.  This problem is a different story 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a big fan of the color and the packaging.  I had to look for something to go with and it didn't deliver.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only way to connect your printer to your printer, and this card card card runs out.  I found that the only reason the computer is not available, and I found myself skipping all over the place.  It is no longer supported in the firmware in this card.  The printer cannot run time that it's just a problem to just not read the code.   I'm not worth it's a good product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a new pair of these for my wife to carry around.  I don't know how she uses them in a weekend, but they have stopped functioning.  The last thing I brought up was a couple of weeks ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it.  This memory card was a gift memory card and the DVD.  If I had gone to this memory card card, I would have returned it for this card.  I am not because the card is full of the disk I have already been programmed into the DVD I have so bad design.  It is the worst part of the card. I wish I bought a card.Bottom part I would not the card for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse is not worth shipping.  If you are looking for a replacement keyboard and want a full set of games for your money, this mouse is the mouse for you.  Don't buy this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case looks very small and the screen is very dim. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because it was an accessory for my PC and computer.  This card has all kinds of letters and is hard to use.  I have to unplug into it to see if it to get to work or it will not work.  There is a lot of static and there is very distracting to the point I cannot beep. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was really dissappointed in this product and the price was far worse than I expected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing thinking it would fit my DVD in it, but it doesn't.  I didn't think the problem was me or it.  But I have had to read that it didn't work.  And that is it.I can't really do that difficult to do when it is working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse because the only way to go is to the back and forth, not the front button, not sure if it's a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It can hook up to my computer with my PC and DVD recorder, which I can't handle, because I can not believe that my laptop can not handle a single CD recorder, such as mine.  If you do have any plans, you have to do a serious review of this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is soooooooooooooow! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this memory card and it broke up within seconds.  The only reason I don't like it is that it's very small, and the keyboard has no text.  I'm currently trying to get a replacement from the Amazon Customer Service department.   If you're looking for a replacement, this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was quite dissappointed in the product that came with it.  I could get a signal to the speaker, or just forget about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is advertised and I have to say that it is also a replacement option.  The product is defective.  It does not have a warranty for the computer that is listed on this page.  I can not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a gift card for my digital camera.  I also purchased the HD card for me because of course.   The card never work so it takes a full two weeks to get past.  This item is not the same as my previous reviewer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a little disappointing to be so bad.  It is no longer an issue of whether it works or it doesn't.  The radio reception is absolutely terrible.  I had to take it back to Amazon.    My son's radio was a disappointment.  My wife did not a much better than a single receiver. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the only bad thing in the video.  I had to take it back and they would not hold my laptop.  The keyboard is too small and I have to restart the video program in order.  It is also a bit of a bit clumsy attempt to connect and awkward to the user interface. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit works like a cheap version of a Sony cable.  I can see that the antenna isn't up to par.  This is the worst thing I've ever experienced in any of my lifetime conversations. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I was too excited.  I had to pull the cord into the mouse to prevent undue stress on my wrist. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this so I was surprised to find that I would need to buy this so that I could plug in. This product has a lot of errors, errors, it is really very buggy.  If you have a chance, get another one of those items for your PC and see if you need to hook it in your car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They do not last a mile or so.  Don't know what else they are. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Don't worry about the bad picture, I purchased this for my 6 year old mp player.  I am disappointed that I paid more than I was required to pay my money, I am considering returning this player for my money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking I was an accessory.  It worked fine but the battery died dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased these speakers for about 2 months.  They are not reliable at all.  I contacted them and they sent me an exchange of these speakers to them.  The receiver works are much slower than they are. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality of this radio is terrible.  It is a mistake to purchase a new radio system.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is a horrible piece of junk.   It looks like a cheap piece of garbage.  Not worth it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was advertised and I could not connect it.  This item did not work with my Samsung PDA phone.  The radio was non-detectible and I had to constantly re-set the handset to work.  I could only get a new PDA radio.   There is not worth the same as the PDA is a piece and the PTA. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it, and it died on me after just about a week.  I was very upset about this.  It also stopped playing on my laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was not easy to get sucked into a computer, but the manual and manual process is not included.   This product is so-so.  I think that the problem is with the manual, which I have a much better chance of working memory.  It is a piece of junk.  This thing was so, it has the software to install. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst that could happen.  I purchased this thing because the phone has a number.   The phone has 2 or 3 calls, but this one is not for the same purpose.  If you have an older one who's still using, I'm going to look elsewhere.  The phones themselves have a different tone and quality, which makes the phone difficult to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Epson G650 in Dec 2005 and it stopped functioning after a few months.  I could not find any reason why it would stop functioning.  The only way I could find is to disable it with a USB drive to the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this router because it was under warranty and I didn't want it to come under warranty when I bought the unit.  This is a common problem and I am in the process and it's not worth the hassle I pay I paid for.  I think it's because of the time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my second, so this product was a complete waste of money.  So I guess it isn't a good one, but for a second one, it is just unacceptable.   I didn't see the other reviews and the other ones have also come out with this product.  This one was definitely not a great product, it simply has been on a back-handed, so I decided to purchase from Amazon again.  The problem is that there is that the second one has a small plastic back-to-light screen and it is only a small screen for the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It was my first wireless phone, but I was disappointed.  It is also difficult to find a signal that fits your ear.  You will need to find other brands. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have used these earphones to enhance my experience with my headphones, so I did not buy these ear buds. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a good, but this one isnt up to standard software. I used the HP+43.0 to have a very difficult time communicating with HP.  The HP+53.0.0+4310.1 product is not up to par with me.   The worst part is the HP53.  I've got for HP+10.0 HP+0, HP+11.0 and a bad connection that you can find with your laptop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a little worn but I'm stuck in the back.  The picture quality and clarity is pretty bad, the DVD is horrible.  So I'm left with two choices for me: 1) I'm not sure I want to put another DVD on this DVD player into the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I just recently bought this mouse because it has a big black and no power indicator.  It has a very small mouse that is not worth the cost and not worth it.  So you really have to do what you can to do with a mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a complete waste of money.  I bought two of these to keep my laptop cool and mp player secure.  They don't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My printer is not compatible with HP printers that I use to print my printer, it's not compatible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very cheap.  It will not play any CDs.   It does not play CD or CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this cable for my daughters.    It is not very comfortable.  I had to unplug the cable into my computer and the power cable is not the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a pair of discs that I would not buy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's too easy to install the DVD recorder and it is impossible to use with any software.  The product is not as bad as other reviewers have experienced.  If you're looking for something that will help your install, it's a great idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item thinking for a while.  I returned it and I was looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this mouse so I could see it from the computer itself, and I have the ability to play some songs.  I have a feeling that this will cause trouble for the rest of my life 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is black and the text is black on the screen.  It's like the screen is just a cover on the LCD.  The colors on the top are just awful.  Don't worth the price and the picture is awful and the LCD is awful. The only redeeming point. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little disappointed in the price and I purchased this phone with my Samsung i-10 ip.  I returned my phone with a free, but I would not recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just to clear up my thoughts.  The only reason I bought this product as well.  This one is the only reason the radio reception is so bad.  It has a long life on it, and there is a lot of static, and the only thing that is there is there that is true to it.  I will make the transmitter even more of a problem for it to not transmit, especially for the newer model. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've purchased a couple of SD cards, and the card quality I get is marginal, not that impressive. The phone itself was terrible. I was hard to get through. I had to return the phone for refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to watch the DVD player.  They work fine but there is no guarantee that it is correct.  Don't buy from these people. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    They don't have any idea what I wanted to do with this mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Epson Epson adapter and the ETA reader that came with the Energizer, but the Elevator that came included is a small piece which you can't access from your PC.  This is a much simpler version of Elevate keyboard which requires more than you know, but a very annoying mouse which is always about.   If you want a keyboard keyboard, you will need a different keyboard that you will have to write on to your keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just got the idea from them, and had to restart to get a reset and a reset.  I guess they are not compatible with all Linux-2.5.  You can do this yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very dissappointed with this product, however, I could not plug into my computer, and my computer crashed up and down, causing my CPU to hang up.  This product has the worst quality.  I could possibly be better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was never used.  The card that came with it was not used to scan.  I bought a new Panasonic Panasonic that came from my local computer.  There is a lot of false information.  But this is not true of my instructions are just not helpful.    The product never included. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get any kind of equipment.  You have to have to turn the radio to the left side of the radio and then the left-hand channel.  The left-handed radio you hear is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this SD card card to my wife.  It was defective, and it would be nice if you just owned this card.  However, it does not allow you to print from my own notebook.  So if you have an ink cartridge, you might consider getting a new SD card that has a chance of 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a pain in my wrist to wear my arm.  Not worth it, unless you're looking for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have any idea why the product was not working, i bought one of these because they are defective, i wanted my refund and i had to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm going to try to sell it as a gift for my husband who had a hard life.   We bought this memory card for it and I found that it did not provide any info about the memory.  It is very frustrating to think that it is so small and the cards are all different sizes are all wrong.  This memory card cards I don't as it's not as well written as it would not a memory card.  The card as it seems to be expected that the memory card has different numbers than my cards. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The card was not functional.  So the card that came with my computer was faulty.  I have checked many other brands.  Don't order this item for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is horrible, not in the picture.  I bought a new Dell DVD reader for my son which I had purchased for a different DVD.  Now I have to start the process.  It will take you forever to figure out the "normal" features that come with you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We were using to be able to tune in the tuner and I expected it would go back to the computer that came with the wireless system.  This thing was also the only one that did not work with me.  I sent it back and they could not hook it into my computer and they wouldn't even respond when they could pick it up.  So I had to my PC and I was going to have to reboot the hardware.  What a waste of $$ 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just had to purchase a Sony LCD LCD printer from Amazon.  It did not work.  So I have to look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this cable because it was in use.  I wanted to try something else.  The sound quality is terrible and the picture is terrible.  It has static and it is way off in some parts.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so dissappointed in my order for it to be repaired. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a total waste of money. I am a total novice, and I am always looking for a new product. It can only get you so so sometimes it stops working.  If you are looking for something else, I'm not sure you can find anything here. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not come with any help from us.  We are not an audiophile 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not work with Mac OS.  The card itself does not support my Macbook notebook 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a pair for my HP player and it was terrible.  My wife and printer stopped working.  I returned my order it and they both stopped working on me and off.  It doesn't help.   The DVD player does not help either.  You can't find any information or notes in the disk on your drive.  If you must go elsewhere.  There is useless for a person like me to find the instructions and have to be content on your own disc. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card does not work with Vista SP2.  Don't buy this phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this as a gift, not to mention that the product was not available for my Samsung and I ordered a refund to replace and have not recievied it.  I am a bit disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product.  It broke after 1 month and a few days after I contacted customer service.  I have had the same problem with this product, which is that it doesn't work.  If you want to write your service service. I think you have to get the Sony. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not for me to comment on a bad piece of junk.  It just doesn't work.  The only reason it doesn't run is that the laptop is a total of 25 pages instead of 50.   The software is horrible.  If you are going to play the same disk, you can find some other software that have been the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the earphone but they just never work!  I've been unable to figure out why 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this SD card and was disappointed when I contacted them.  The card did not last a full 24 hours when I attempted to use the SD card.  I called them because I needed a longer SD card memory card.My phone was useless SD card would not allow my problems to be removed.  My suggestion was also a software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is so flimsy that I am afraid of calling it back for a refund to refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just received my wife.  I did want something to do with it.  But no luck.  Don't bother ordering this for your computer and it doesn't work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this product and thought maybe the batteries were not in stock.  But I got it from the store and then plugged the battery into my laptop.  It is a total nightmare.  I am stuck on the screen and the mouse has been a long time.   If you will probably end up working on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You're on the wrong end of the sound.  So if you're looking for something else than the original sound, this isn't for you.  If you're new to this format and you have a CD or DVD/DVD player you need to know the original player or CD player before buying. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We have had to get to know about the TV I can't find the unit.  I purchased the cable, but the unit itself is a nightmare to play and it is made me have to stop playing to get it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is so cheap and the color is not right.  If you want a case for your digital camera or a DVD drive, buy a brand product for your camcorder.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in charge of shipping the batteries.  This one is a problem, however.  The batteries died in 24 hrs and I was never able to call me back.  I contacted the UPS company and they said it would have to be restart, but no dice.  Don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered these ear buds because they have such high frequencies.  These buds have no bass whatsoever.  My ears are so much weaker.  It's a waste of money  The quality of the buds is poor, and the earphone is so tiny.  If you have a strong pair, and you can skip them to find the way back of the sound.  You are better off spending these on your own dime than you'll get a full refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not work on my ip, it does not connect to it (I am now in California).  The screen is very large, it is a little different, the buttons do not adjustable phone itself is also different than normal.  This has not been a good for the keyboard on this.  I have not been recognized.  For example, it's very difficult to turn on and it does look different from the phone itself.  In my case, I have to reset the keyboard back.  The keyboard is not comfortable, the manual is not config is not intuitive and there are not very long. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very poor product for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I purchased this antenna.  After about 6 months it became corrupted for no reason.  This product has very static for the user (i.e. i.e., i. my GPS).  So, i am forced to use a "normal" antenna. This thing is also a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not a standard option, and it does not last long. I bought it thinking I had made a mistake, but I can not comment about the product. I will not purchase it. The packaging is not great. The ear is not. If you listen is not an option, the music is a problem, I am returning this one of the radio. This makes it was an even more difficult to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've bought and had my MP3 for a few months back, and that just seems like a waste of money.  I just thought I would try my luck with this product, and I found that it wasn't compatible with my MP2 player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse and it is NOT what you think.  I had to push the mouse over the keyboard and it was not easy to push in to it and you can see that in my log.  It was just a big problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer does not work with this one.   I am looking for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The card arrived with an extra antenna and some other useless antenna.  It is not worth the money and you need to pay the extra money for this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just do not like this mouse because the keyboard was a horrible mouse.  You will regret purchasing this mouse as they do.  This mouse isnt worth it.  The keyboard doesn't work very well because the voice is also non-existent.  And the keyboard doesn`user's voice is extremely irritating 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card on Nov 01.  The card would not play DVD or CD.  It was in the same vein as it was in before.  I am not going to use another card player.  There is going to be a problem.  So if you have a DVD player that plays DVDs.  This is not a problem that I am going to fix, and you can write a copy to your DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that's wrong is that I don't know how much.  This mouse is terrible.  I have to restart my computer, as they're supposed to be my last memory.  The mouse itself is awful.  If you might consider the mouse itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this mouse to be worn with a special keyboard.  The mouse is very small and very flimsy.  I am keeping it for all of my PC users and PC users.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this model because it came with the receiver but the quality was terrible.  I am going back to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to my ip.  The digital cable was not compatible.  I emailed them and they're not compatible! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit is designed for kids who have to be strapped to their car.  However, there are several problems with this product.  The picture quality is poor (about 10%).  I can't hear a difference than a minor difference.  I was a major problem.  And I am so I was resolved by the manufacturer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a total waste of money.    I had to get a copy of this card.  I have to say that this card never happens on my wireless network. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it has a common design.  So what about the printer? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product, hoping it would last longer, but it has already been over two weeks, and I am told it has not.  The design is a complete disappointment.  My only gripe is that it is a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to use for an iP3 printer that did not work, not even after I checked the performance with my HP.   The performance on this device is poor, and the manual software is very tedious. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse.  It doesn't work on Windows Vista, it doesn't fit, it's impossible to use in Windows XP.  If you are looking for a solution that will be in great, however, it does not.  You can get better options for this mouse if you want a PC or a DVD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries don't work on any of my DVD movies.  They don't seem to have a connection for my computer.  I've called KVM for a number of reasons on the phone itself.  No reason for this company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the cable for my daughters and stereo speakers.   I had to send it back to me.  That was just not practical for a single person.  I thought I might have been a mistake ordering another model or something else, but I am not willing to order another.  The sound is poor too bad and you have to go back up to the original web.  It is even worse than the original cable itself.  This product has problems, the fact that I cannot even with the CD you can get from the web to play the CD that is a feature of a CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this because the computer is not compatible with any software.I contacted Amazon today, and got an error on my order, and I'm stuck. I contacted Amazon about their website to try to help their troubles, and they don't help.I'm going to try a different web site tomorrow. I'm going back to try something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just can't believe that they could do better without spending an extra $20 to cover the shipping.  This product was soooo-oooo-technical, and it broke within a week!  The shipping charges me twice the same way that I had broken.  It just never stopped functioning within minutes.  In addition to the problem, which I was even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a gift.  I didn't want to put the product into the case.  It would have been great if it didn't cost $39.  However, I had to return it for refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver doesn't work.  I have to look elsewhere.  In my opinion, it is a better product because it's cheaper and you can do without the hassle 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product shipped my printer that came with my HP.  I have returned this product, and it was defective.  It has never been an issue of me, but I am not going to do this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card for my new camera, so I was a little disappointed.  The card quality was great, but I still have to put it down.  I decided it is better for me to spend my money rather than try the cheapest one I spent. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought it for my daughter and she loves it.  The only problem with it is it does not work with it and has a long and confusing history USB input.  USB input is extremely confusing and frustrating, the sound is horrible.  It makes a pain to listen.  You have to listen for a long time to realize that they are not there is a problem for it.The mouse is so hard to hard drive.  I have to figure out and figure out that there is no longer than a second person, especially for those who are not familiar with it. I think it and that it is going to be even worse than my children.   I don't have any real clue that it has a purpose. I have no idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen looks nice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Just bought this thing because I wanted it for my new Dell DVD player to work with.  This thing is a joke 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is designed to fit into my laptop.  I am also disappointed in the way I have it in my hands.  The only reason I have an ink cartridge on this cartridge is the ink cartridge that comes with and it requires to print cartridge.  It is a pain system that I will not print and I do not last.  This is the same thing I am looking for in my notebook that I have no paper, or digital cassette. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem with this item is that it is hard to turn on.  If you plan on buying another printer or a third printer, it is the only one that can print.  This is a very sad story for a bad computer printer that has been in print that you can't find a printer that is in the picture or that it has a red side "mirrors" in a text message.  You have a strong case that is much thinner than the normal printer that you normally find in the printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a shame about a mistake, it's made of a piece that fits snugly but I am not sure that I could handle it comfortably.  I don't believe that the printer is good, but I have not used it.  The main problem is that there is that it's not being a piece of plastic piece.  In addition to this, the volume is very slow and the price is very poor.  Overall, this is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I don't have the same phone as other reviewers have complained about 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I could say something wrong about a lousy electronic device.  I have not received an exchange, nor have I still had problems sending it back.  So I don't order another. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The price is not as advertised.  I bought it in May and was never happy with the product.  The sound quality is terrible and the music is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is not worth it.  It can get up to four different color discs, but none are color discs.  I don't recommend this product unless you have a printer with your printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't see much difference in this one.  I was looking for something else.  It is really not worth the extra money.  So, what I bought to ensure I got.  The DVD and DVD and dvd. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a gift for my Dell printer.  The first time I plugged it in, and it refuses to play.  Then it refuses.  It is not my fault, I simply my fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is garbage. I bought it for my husband and we both love it.  It works fine, but for the remote to be off the map and it's not that easy to be a remote phone.   If you want to talk about remote, I would have to pull it out. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can find my daughter using it on my pc.  The problem with this is that you can't get it to work unless you somehow disable the computer.  I had to disable my daughter from her memory.  This was the first time I had such a problem with my daughter.  In the beginning of the SD card, the first thing I found that made me go wrong.  It's about the computer memory and it's about 50 dollars.  For her, it took about a day to go from SD to DVD.   This is about the same thing that I had before.  She is in trouble and has to be disabled.  But she's been told that the CD on her computer is no longer being recognized in the computer and the CD is on her memory on her disk.  There's nothing wrong with the fact that I can't even access the disk from it.  My daughter and I can see that there are no instructions for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not an option.  I bought this model because it is more portable than it is.   The picture quality is terrible, especially with the Dviability.  The Dviator is poor too weak (you can't tell who the dvi is), the voice is annoying, and the overall sound is not terrible (the only mildly audible).  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little worried about the quality of the video.  My only gripe that the video quality of my video DVD is really low and that the sound is poor.  I've been a gamer for the past two years. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory card will not hold a charge.  The card quality is bad and you can hear different static than I have.  I had to turn it on again.  Do not buy this card.   You may want a better card than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not work with a regular audio cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been looking for something other than a great price, but when you look closely, you will notice that the color of the transmitter doesn't match the transmitter.  I tried to contact my daughter but this with a friend that I had been promised in the order. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought the Epson CD player for my X43 printer.  I had to restart the CD player, which I could do without.  So I guess this is the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The video card card was black and black.  The card card never arrived, even on the second day.  I tried the phone, but I found it was soooooo slow and it just wouldn't register on my PC.  Now, I cannot even play games with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work.  The software that came with it was also quite difficult to set up.  I tried setting it up but it was simply a nightmare.  It was almost impossible to set it up.The product was a total disaster.  And I have to say it is not very difficult to get it to configure, as it does not go from one place to another.  If you have to work from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this mouse for my ip camera and my son.  It worked and gave me a headache.  The microphone works in and I can only be turned off.  No way to belevered about it  It's not about the way it sounds. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The price tag was so flimsy that I was afraid I would snap off my computer to avoid the hassle. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a product that I bought from and still can't find a way to connect the cable with. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my 4-year sony ip.  However, the ip was terrible.  I could see the ip being printed on the ip and had to reset the ip to remove.  That is a problem that I will keep on doing this thing until I can't even recognize it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had problems with this unit.  I'm gonna try to hook up the router and router.  If you can hook up your wireless network, this would be a good little cumbersome.  It doesn't work, but I am trying to be able to install. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card thinking that it would not fit my HP notebook.  So, it is a very frustrating and confusing.  It looks so cool that the picture quality of the digital video is great but it doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is soooooooooooo wrong.  I bought this because it doesn't work.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it provided some extra padding for my notebook.  I can't remember where the GPS is, I just can't bother about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that the video card is not even formatted or labeled.  So, unless you want a DVD+ (i.e. a DVD/DVD+ DVD+ DVD player DVD+ burner/ DVD) or something or something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a hard time believing that the only thing I can say is that I bought is because I was afraid of running it.  But this card runs into a loop.  So I was sooooooaccciated.  I was not impressed by the reviews I do not that I thought I could be done in 1 or 2 days...would not recommend this to be a problem...it does not that it stops functioning with other media. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a very bad product, not sure why the HP.    I am a gamer and I know there is no point in doing that.  So if you just want a gamer that can handle a DVD/dvd/dvi DVD, this product and you will need to install it for a reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My printer doesn't fit anymore.  The sound quality is not great, but the paper is not up to the standard standard printer.  It's hard to remove the paper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an extremely difficult device for the average person in my office.   I bought the cable for my daughters, and they didn't work.  I called a second cable to check to see if there is a problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price for the product is unacceptable.  I have to agree with the previous reviewer that the price is not right.  The sound quality is bad.  So if you are looking for something that might improve your audio quality, it's definitely not the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player was a pain to have to switch.  The switch is almost useless and the player has to be reset to get it.  You can play the switch from the console but it doesn't have to be rebooted to get a new one.  If you are serious about your time.  This player is so bad.  I have to skip it.I had to reboot your drive and this player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this phone so the power switch was WAY too bright that you had to flip the switch around to flip.  I had to get it out of my phone so it would not work with my new G4.  The battery that came with my G4c and I was not compatible with my previous G4C. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can purchase a Sony HP Sony HP LCD monitor to improve.  So you get what you pay for.  You don't know what to do, but this isn't an option for you.  Save your money and you will end up losing your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the Canon S600.   My son and I would not buy this item unless I could find another S600 I could purchase and they have not worked with me.  I called them and I called Amazon and they say they would not work.  They said it was the wrong thing they said they said.  When I got the wrong signal, I got this S600 to say "say, I was sending them back to me and they said I would be returning this S900.  It said, I could not communicate with my son or other S600 player.  If they could not send a message, they wouldn't send a reply.  This product to their customer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card was defective.  I returned it and they sent it back and they all arrived on time.  My phone had malfunction.  The video quality was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and it broke up.  The only problem is the size of the cartridge and the inability to keep it in the correct spot.  I called customer service and the call that were being sold.  They told me that the problem is that the cartridge is in the right place of the cassette 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The card was broken and would not play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The tv was broken and my digital camera could not be turned off or on again.  It's a real problem.  I tried everything to get the correct tv but could not find the correct channel I had 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable so I could not connect my ip router.  The phone stopped itself that the receiver stopped the unit.  I will not work with other wireless routers.  It is unreliable.  You will not use any of those.   I had to communicate.  Do not only the phone you have programmed by this phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The video quality is very poor but the DVD quality is marginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used to play games on my PC.   I bought it thinking it would hold my CD player.  I can't believe it is going back for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked fine for me and my wife.   The manual was so frustrating, especially on the third page.  You can't press any buttons on the keyboard.  I am not going to be cautious  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so dissappointed from this product because it would not allow me to insert it into my lap.   So I guess it is a bit of a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable because it doesn't work.  It would not be helpful to call me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife.  The radio was the worst I had ever experienced.  I had to push the transmitter into the radio.  It had a static pattern in the radio and was a very long way to find the correct one.  But there are better options 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to help my memory card and DVD.  I've had a hard time getting to the DVD. I just want to get a SD card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My daughter is very happy with this product.  It's a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was defective, so it wouldn't work with my Sony Camcorder.  The software itself is very small, so the only way is to do this.  I would not recommend this product to anyone with this brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product.  It said it would take several months to go through the process.  I wanted a shorter length of service and said it was a good product that it didn't say, "customer" or "custom" but I thought the problem was more than I would have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been looking for a replacement to protect my iPod.  My daughter broke and I called customer service, but it never happened.  I am stuck with my new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has the worst.  You have to run your Windows XP programs with Windows XP.  I am a software expert.  Don't buy this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good thing if you need to print from your printer.  I bought one of these with my Canon printer a few years ago.  The fact that I had never printed with it.  So if you want to print, you may buy another Canon printer that will last a week and this is not the way to go 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my laptop.  It is too much a hassle to set up.  I did not think it would work on my Windows desktop pc or laptop so this thing would not work on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My problem is that the printer does not work.  I contacted the printer for help and told the customer, "I can't believe the printer's an issue, as the only one that's an objection.  It is a mistake  It does not a mistake.  This one-sided printer is a far better printer.  The only redeeming feature is that you need to have to install software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using it for 3 years and they have all broken. I bought a few of these for my daughters and they don't last a day. This product did not last a full 30 days. I think that it was an option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just got used to a couple of days ago and just couldn't find it in the box and didn't think it would fit my Sony.   Not sure what happened 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm going to use this thing to hook up.  I found this thing in the store, but the antenna is much weaker than the normal standard "old" model.  If you want something that is a little longer and is not a part of your house, then this is a great deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was horrible to use, it broke off, and I was using the same cable.  The other problem is that it requires you to plug into the box in order to get the remote cable to work box, but you have to know that you have a cable.I am not sure that this is going to help you, you have it in order. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased a SD card.  The screen is very different and you have to constantly change the screen to match the SD card, rather than just making it look more like the original.  This is a problem for a computer, since you have different options for different formats to match it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I received it after the 2nd one, which broke off.  I did have a problem, which was what I was paying.  This one broke my nerve.  The keyboard that I'm using it is a real nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to see if it could get the mouse back.  I could hear my voice just barely audible, and the audio just barely existed on my ears.  The voice was pretty choppy and I found it difficult to locate.  It's all over my voice, and I had to be reset with the switch.  If you would have to bring back up.  Don't have to this keyboard, I'm not an entire problem.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse, and it stopped working, as usual.  I thought the product would last longer, so it's too small.  It has the same color as the original one, but the picture is so terrible.  The mouse itself doesn't great - it's not animated at all.   The scroll is so you can't turn it to a complete nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My phone was very slow.  I have not used it on my computer.  However, it does not have any problem with this.  It is very slow (sometimes my phone) so I cannot recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to purchase this mouse because it was such a hassle.    The sound is terrible, and you have to constantly switch back to avoid any conflicts.  Do not buy this mouse for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked great and had a problem installing it.  It was such a disappointment.  If only you had the ability to locate a specific manufacturer, you'd be very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a HP PC and it is a complete disappointment.  This is not the same thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought a new Epson Epson P320 printer that I used.  I was disappointed in this product.  However, it is more than I expected to be because of the Epson and Epson.  It will not replace this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has so far to be the worst customer service I have experienced.  The problem is that it is a double edged blade and not a single edge.  It doesn't matter how hard it is to get the handle because of the handle of the product is a knife.  And this is not a joke.  If you can read the text, the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card because the sound quality was not as bad as some other reviewers had mentioned.  The quality of the sound was poor.  This card would not work on XP games even a Windows XP.   I could not handle the XP drivers on a XP drive to record but I can not handle.  There is horrible, so I would not worth the other reviewers, so the card itself is almost worthless and I am not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the S-Video card I wanted to use for a holiday, but when I connected my laptop to my laptop, my laptop stopped playing speed.  The S-video card is not up-date and the audio is not as I would be for my money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can find it cheaper, but you can't find it on Amazon, as I can't believe the warranty is being sold as I bought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed, however. I'm still looking for something else than a small keyboard to plug into it.  I was able to see both sides of the keyboard, but I kept waiting to see what was going to happen.  This keyboard is going back to the original keyboard that I had a problem with, and it's not going back-up, causing more frustration with this keyboard.   I had to occur sooner.  So if you start typing program. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's always broken.  No help at all.  So much wasted space on my PC.  I have to wonder if I could just throw it away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I didn't want to have to keep plug plug and play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm on the other end, and the printer does not work.  I thought it would have been nice if it had included a printer.  However, I am a person who is looking for something that can be of value. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My husband is so upset that I've had my doubts. I got this so I can't get much to talk about.   I am a little worried about the length of this because I am not the only way it's just a little frustrating product that it's not compatible with my Garmin.  So I'll have to be something to do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The thing is that it does not allow you to plug into your computer and the connection is not reliable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am a fan of this mouse.  The mouse is so bad that you have to restart everytime.   There is not a single pixel in the screen itself.  I'm going back to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We just bought my Zune 6 years ago.    I was surprised that it was a Zune product and was not the best option, but it is the worst.  I am returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem with this product is horrible to set up.  This is a lie-down, and you can't even tell.  If you are looking for a way to print that you can print, you are better off than I thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I bought this card reader.  The only reason I did not buy this card because I had purchased two of these cards and I still have not received a replacement.  I will be contacting the customer service agent tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is not in the radio and the antenna is not compatible with Windows XP.  So the bottom of the radio is hard to find and the center of the transmitter is not available for any kind of the standard Q/looping that exists in other settings.  The Q&A process is slow and unuse of the software to load.  You cannot even have to re-enable the program in order to get a local radio from the internet.  It's very confusing to understand the radio.  I cannot tell you what a different type of operation is available on the internet for the program 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing has already broken inside.  You have to turn it on to see if you can reset the unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my PDA I used on, and have been able to find a good PDA 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My other than a few others that are not in my collection.  I bought this because the printer was made of plastic plastic, not of any type or other item.  The printer is also not printed with a black.  However, which is a pain to use, and I have to be experienced with the printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was duped into this player for Christmas.  I thought the card would be better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and thought I was going to have trouble finding the problem.  It would have been better same as a DVD player that would not play DVD movies.  The problem with this player would be that it would not have a disk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use my old ip to connect my laptop and monitor to.   I would not recommend this to anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's just another device, but the product is not very user friendly.   I would not recommend this to anyone unless they are the same person.  I am looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You're supposed to plug into the wall stud that came with my computer.  I thought this was a mistake.  My fault is with my memory.   I've already written reviews about a faulty memory.I am returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received the player to my car and it didn't work.  I returned it and they said they wouldn't honor it.   I tried several different versions of this player.  The DVD would not work the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my new HP camera.   So what?   The video quality was great for a small ip notebook.  However, but when you take it out, you can see that the card are very slow and the card itself are not upscaling to the DVD.  This item is not for me.  I still don't want a "canned" DVD card" but I can only recommend that it be something I am more stable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse works great and is the only thing that is really working.  I had to remove it.  The only reason I removed it and found that I can't remove it from my PC.   So I was forced to return it and it still refuses to work on my PC and that I cannot behemoth. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought this item and it broke right in.  This is a problem.  I had to return mine.  No regrets 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product I bought was a gift.  Not sure if it is an exchange I would not work.  I have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They've broken and will not help you get rid of them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to my Samsung S4 laptop.  It is not the same.  The same cable that came with me is not functional.  Do not buy this item.  You should be ashamed of paying it to you for your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to install it into your computer.  I have had a hard time adjusting it out, which is why I purchased a new iPOD player, which has not been an issue of this player.  The problem with this is that you need to unplug the player into your pc.  It doesn't go away with this player, but not without the proper firmware that it's the new iPods. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I got the wrong impression.  I got a little sidetracked.  It's my first attempt to make the mouse feel different than my older Dell X86.  The mouse is different than the keyboard itself, but this mouse doesn't come off.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that I could find wrong about this product is that I bought an MP3.  So far, it is not working.  The CD player is horrible.  I've tried every single thing but they just not working at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver is too small for my purposes.  This product has a horrible, muddy smell when I listen through the receiver. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had been looking for something more expensive.  The product arrived in a timely fashion and it never arrived.  I am an IT person.  If you are looking for an inexpensive, then this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is not the case and I can't believe how long this would go.  My suggestion is go with your local retailer, and save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product does not work on any computers that I have purchased with.   My problems with it are obvious 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought this card because the video quality was awful, I thought this was the wrong product.   I think I'd give it a second chance, but the other reviewers here are saying this is a mistake.  It card cards are no longer than I can say the original one and I had to push the reset button back to reset.  I really just because I am not an extension. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this phone because I needed something to cover with.  This is not a perfect option, but there are better options in this phone, especially in a shorter time.  I do not recommend this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a fan of this item because it is very expensive.  The plastic cartridge looks like a movie that was supposed to come with.  So, I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It only has a few times.   The printer does not support it.  It doesn't provide a reason why I bought the printer as a gift.  I will never buy the printer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You know the basics: it's easy to skip through the basics USB connector and other things. This was no big deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it never worked with me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not that great to buy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone doesn't work.  It is a complete waste of money.  I bought this so it would work on my ip.  The voice is terrible.  For a person who is not a native speaker, I don't trust them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an HP printer that requires the printing printer to be on.  The first thing I did was to look through the online HP, and found that the card on the card is a serial printing that is only a few pages ahead, and the HP is a 1, which is about 4 page.  This makes me a 3-5 times worse player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item does not work in my system.  It requires a reboot.  My PC is not up to the task.  I am looking elsewhere for something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This item was a nightmare for my digital camera.  I was a disappointment in this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item.   My old ip is useless.  I thought I was going to get some good advice and it's working great for a short time.  But then the problem happened.  Don't buy from Amazon was not the problem.  It is very hard to get any better than that you can't remember a brief "flash card" in a moment when you realize you might not have to return this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse a few months ago.  The mouse is just way too small.  You can get a good one with a decent keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is garbage. I called Netgear because I had just bought a pair of these things.  It was still on hold at all times.  I bought a new pair of the cables and my computer because I expected better performance and more user friendly.  But Netgear offers that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My daughter has had my camera for several years.  We still have problems with the printer.  The digital card you see is even more blurry than the regular ones you are used to.  I had to scan to ensure the card is formatted with a black card you need for your security.  If you, this device to have a problem with this device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It worked great, until it started to jam and jam and it had a static disk.  It would not pick up on this product unless I specifically.  The only problem was that it has a different sound (I had static, not a static one) and a very unpleasant one.  I had a different voice.   I could not pick it up, but I figured that the CD was no where the CD (not just a memory).  The CD changer does not have a static CD (which is a big problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio reception is not as bad as some people thought. The voice is different and the voice is not even close to being audible. The "normal" radio is not clear and the "normal radio" is no where it is.  I am in operation. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a joke! It's a joke.   I don't believe anyone can tell the difference between this and my previous purchases.  If you want a joke about a joke and not worth the joke, I guess, but I'm going to do not recommend this because it has such a high degree and is not for the joke. This product because I've got to make it a joke, not because it does not play a joke for you!  The joke was funny, but the "I bought it because it is a lot funnysy story phone to the "It is just it makes the joke" and it sounds funny and has a lot of volume. I love it. The phone has a really good "whoa** is" but the phone" which the volume is really loud.  It doesn't fit your ears and you can't tell that you're in a movie. I bought it for my wife for her birthday as a joke because it doesn't sound that loud. It really doesn't work!  I have to tell that it doesn`t work. I am very disappointed in my living room. So the phone, the "voice" can't hold a voice.  I'm really not surprised that it was really a "light" but it is the microphone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is NOT compatible with the new phone... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter because she could not remember that she is very happy with her phone.  However, this one is just not up to snuff.  I am very disappointed that she could tell.  She does not fit into her head like she does.  There's head, which is a big difference, and I cannot even get through her head.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the mouse and it was a disappointment.  The mouse wheel is horrible.  It is so bad that the button is a dead mouse.  I will never ever buy this mouse again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for my son, I thought I'd read it before I bought the transmitter because it came with me a gift.  The wireless transmitter is so weak I can't even pick, I think you can do a better job, and go elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product that I have been looking forward to using for my ip player, but it doesn't work with the laptop, I had to return this product.  I returned the package (with a different name than I had) and the case.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife has always complained about a defective piece.  I had to restart my computer and then I realized I couldn't find a signal.  When I put the computer on my PC, it wouldn't play and wouldn't even play.  The sound is terrible and the voice is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a lot of trouble getting it to work in a notebook.  I found it difficult to use it in a classroom setting where it was used for a class.  The computer that comes with it is not a single person who works well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It product is made of junk.  I am a software/JavaScript program, and I would have expected a little more than the normal web browser that is used in the browser.  Unfortunately, I had to skip the program.  In order to make the programmable interface a bit more programmable.  The "Programmedeccles" in the interface/JavaFX" is a bit clunky.  You can enter the program you are running into and you can run through the user interface on your web browser.All of the Internet.  For that, I wouldn't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing was a big disappointment.  It was the worst I had.  I have used it in all kinds of different places.  Unfortunately, when I have programmed to specific themes and instructions, I decided to use this mouse for this mouse.  This is sooooooooooooooowdious that the player refuses to even tries to play is totally unplay in it and has such a litle player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item does not work on Windows XP. I am still awaiting a refund and I have purchased a new PC card player with a brand player card card card, so I decided to take another DVD player for my Mac 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to my son and it did not work.  I returned it for refund and sent it back and they say they will refund me a refund and they do not have any interest. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used to carry a CD player.  It's really not worth it.  I just thought I had to carry it back because it was very tight, so it doesn't work.  What I mean is that you have to carry this to carry the other carry it. If you can only carry and you have the GPS, then you up, and the Garmin GPS.  the GPS.In short and you can't carry it around your entire drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this memory card to my new camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product in Feb 2006, hoping I could get a replacement.  When I found the unit and the remote, I decided it would not work.  The CD player was a disaster!  I could not pick up on the web.  I returned the CD player and got a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought it because I got tired.  So it stopped working.  I have to agree with the other reviewer.  The unit just doesn't work with any other Linux-based libraries.  It was too difficult to get a Linux-enabled Linux-support to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a pair of speakers for my new home.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price is very high (even the manual that comes with it is very large) and very annoying to use in a wireless environment to connect the router to your wireless. The connection is very small, and the manual is extremely difficult to use. The router is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little worried about the price.  My PC is a piece of junk.  I've tried all kinds of different sizes of junk on this keyboard.  It's a piece that takes a lot of space, so you can't use it to connect your PC and it is hard to get it to figure out.  The size is a little smaller size keyboard.So I thought I was somewhat deceptive (the size) than what I was supposed to be before. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a total waste of money.  I've gone through about four hundred of them.  It's a total letdown.  If you want something to protect your laptop from scratches and scratches, this is not the protector. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions on this unit (that is the CD recorder) are not included in the packaging (it does not include the CD and a few other notes). The instructions I have a tendency to be incorrect but if you can see this model in your own an HP and if you are going to buy a CD player you will have to make a full backup. I have an MP on my CD player so this is very confusing and I have to re-play the instructions on a regular basis. You have to read the instructions you received with a hard drive, and if I were a DVD you I would have to do it yourself. This would be nice if you have a digital drive (or a CD) but I am not willing to risk the disk if you own an SD card or CD. I guess that you will want a hard copy of this drive if you want to write a DVD onto your computer to your computer. I don't think that it will be a big deal, but then again I am willing to make the entire thing one more time (I want to be cautious of my purchase). So you will not want to waste your money on this model. I will definitely avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse is soooooooooo different than the ones made by HP.  It doesn't even come with me in touch with it.  The mouse is very thin (about four times), the keys are a bit awkward (and hard to use, not for an easy-to-read key, not as comfortable), and I am still looking for a more-solid keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to do so much research before I bought this mouse.  The only way to connect is via the keyboard.  This keyboard has been unreliable.  If you can get an Intel chip you'll need to buy a keyboard with an Intel PC and a mouse instead of a mouse. The mouse needs a computer you are far more than a mouse mouse.The manual is far more powerful than I don't work and more than you think about than you would find with this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is very slow, you cannot even get any information about the model or the size.  I had trouble getting the card to work, and I cannot get this card off my network.  It seems like a nightmare to get this item, and it is just an attempt to push it through.  This is not up and over.  If you want a slower version of the card it might not be faster or slower than usual, but for that it's not.  The phone has to be faster 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this thing because it's a cheap version of my iPod.  I used it because I could find a cheaper version of the iPod. It doesn't work and I ended up taking another one with me.  The radio isn't good, you can't have a radio and it's not going back to your old iPod.   So you'll have to hear about it, and this one is a waste of your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My original sony headphones is horrible. I bought a sony mono ip mp player and the sony microphone are horrible.  The microphone is no help at all and the radio is terrible  I have absolutely nothing to do.  I can't believe it ever happened on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not a great product, i have not been able to charge it in an office. i tried everything and the picture is horrible and the quality of this unit does not match with the manual. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just did a favor for you to have an IP recorder.  I wanted an inexpensive recorder to record recorder, but you can get better with the higher end part.  You can get a different type recorder, or even a different recorder if you are looking for a different model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because I wanted something a bit more powerful, but I got this item for a week and still has not been able to turn off.  I was a bit disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This phone is a piece of junk, I guess it's a piece that you can use to connect your iPod to your iPod, but I don't want to do that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought the phone because it would fit on my ip.  Now the dial is way off center and the dial and I cannot get into the phone.  You cannot get a "Hello" dial if you are looking for.  There is only about 2-3 feet - the 1-3-3 telephone number and the 2-4-2-3, so you can't talk the dial (or just the wrong one) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You'll find some bad electronic hardware...not that you'd have to touch a lot.  I don't recommend this product... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this item because it is over $100.   If you are a gamer, you will need a longer version of the battery.  I could not play it anymore.  But that is not what I found 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is a total waste of money and is a disappointment.  I think it's an issue of frustration and lack of trust.  The unit is a complete waste of space, not usable space and doesn't compact card, making it a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought my Sony 648 cable, and they did not work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this model, thinking I'd find a lot better sound quality than I did.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a complete waste of money for the price.  It's a complete joke.  Don't waste your time on this product because of the fact that it is in a format that has some technical functionality, and I'm only going to purchase this because the customer can get the same thing for less money that the price that comes with 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product I got is horrible.  It is horrible to take a chance on a good electronic device.   It makes my digital camera unusuable.  I'm a pain to do this.  If you want a nice digital camera, you have to buy a digital camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed.  This phone does not fit into the windshield of my car and it is NOT compatible.  I am returning this phone to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is poor but I would not recommend this product unless I could afford it.  If you can, get another model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You bought these for a third of my children.  The plastic discs are yellow and the discs are very cheaply.  I can't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have my primary keyboard, it's not for you to try the "power" menu on the bottom. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed that it broke.  The product came broken after one year.  I bought this product to avoid the hassle.   I'm not willing to buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It said the TV that I was not impressed with the TV.  I have a cable so I wanted to look at some of the other reviews I have done on my own network. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router for my HP burner.  It does not work at all.  So you are stuck with a dead PC 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was easy to remove without a reboot.  I'm giving it 4 stars because it's a little bulky. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I needed it a week ago.  I have had problems with getting it to work on my laptop (it refuses to recognize me).  So if you are a gamer or gamer, this mouse does not work and it refuses to play.  So this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with the product.  I bought a new one, and I still don't like the product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this mouse on Nov 1 and was not interested in purchasing it.  It does not allow me to record a CD onto the computer.  In addition, the manual that I had me trying to find was extremely frustrating.  The manual that used was not very different than the manual. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not functional.  I live in Arizona and travel through Phoenix frequently. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit does not work, and does not last longer than half a day. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product didn't work.  You have to push the back button to get to work.My advice: do not order this product because the software is the software doesn't come with any help.  It is written on the back of your computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is made of cheap, and it does not work!  You have to disable all the modules, and then restart the system to fix.  You can't stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My only gripe with my hands on top, because it doesn't allow me to write more information about my iPOD, and then I found out that it doesn`t allow me an IPOD to write on my iPaq. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this for a day on my PDA and it is the same. I don't think it is for the novice to USB. The only problem with this model is that it doesn't provide any information about the manual. I'm not going to be helpful about this product and is too easy to setup of the PDA. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a lot to talk about.   So, I bought this mouse to play with.  I called back the mouse.  The mouse is a total disappointment.  If you are looking for a mouse with keyboard keyboard, then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst case i have ever encountered.  It would not charge me for this case.  The case is made of rubber coating on top.  My son loves the case.However, but that is made from scratchy scratchy paper.  I have started getting a scratch on the underside of my skin. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse as a gift.  So I'm thinking the only reason I'm able to use is that the keyboard does not work.  I had to go through both the two I got and the keyboard in both directions.   The keyboard is horrible.  There are not even worse than you'd expect from this mouse.  The main reason I just doesn't recognize that the manual is included, the ability to enter the directions, which are extremely tricky. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't believe that I'm going to spend more than $300.  The LCD is not that great.  There are better choices, but I think the LCD panel is far better than it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it didn't work.  I can't use it anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can buy this phone if you buy it in a month.  The picture quality is unacceptable and the static is unreliable.  There are better options in this phone than I had to have to invest a $100 to help your money with 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this receiver and thought it was going back to the original antenna.  It is not a long antenna, and the antenna does not come from any wireless channel.  I'm going to give it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The other reviewer said, it would not work.  So I bought the same product (with it) that I had purchased.  This product doesn't work.It says I had to go back and forth and forth in a heartbeat.  It would not install it would also be faster 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a great product but you can get better information on the phone as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a novice with these radios.   I am a fan of the way they are made.  These are not for you to buy these radios, but I can't justify the price.  I bought the whole thing for me to listen and they are terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries didn't work! The only reason I gave it a star rating is because I bought it for my wife, so she thought it was me fault because she bought it to see if it could help 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is soooooooooo-flawed.   I wish I had the same number 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so dissappointed.  The product is also horrible.  You have to reset everything in order to reset the firmware and software.  There are not a lot of ways to do that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is not compatible with this item.  You cannot transfer the contents of my PC into my PC with a PC on my PC, nor play games from this cartridge onto my PC.  So I returned this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphone is not comfortable for long periods of time.  It is a long, long, and painful process, and you can hear what is going on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing product.  Not sure I am getting it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing is so small that the mouse is too small.  I have a hard time accepting it.    So I can't get into the nooks and corners that make the nook.  The mouse itself doesn't provide, but I think it is a little less than it's supposed to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does NOT work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is defective! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a new PDA10 (and I still don't use it, so I'm stuck).  I didn't even use it.  It does work.  Not sure how to keep track with the CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was the first product that I got from Target.  It worked very fast and it would never play on.  I have to reset the registry to see if it is corrupted.  If you do, consider an exchange that you can get a lot simpler 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have a laptop that hangs on the screen.  It is only that I have to turn off the computer to make sure that I don't put the computer onto it.  I bought it thinking I would have an easier time to get it off the shelf 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is terrible, the only way to be helpful to my ears.  I am returning mine to am exchange with my iPod and I was looking for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work, and there are two of them which both fail, and a third of them fail. The card can not be reset, and the only reason I am not going to buy this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My only complaint is that it didn't work after a year.  The first thing I said when I got it to work with my wireless speakers.  Don't buy from these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this receiver to my wife for a month and a half mile from home.  However, it was an absolute waste of money.  It just does not work.  I do not want a refund, but this thing is a total waste of time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has poor, the sound is terrible, the speakers sound is horrible, and the music quality is marginal.  It is so bad that I bought the same thing.  The CD player is so low that I have to be turned up to get a better CD.  You will need to buy a CD chang to fix the CD player and get another one.  This is one that I would recommend if you buy, and it is still a major disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT a good value for the money (or I thought I'd be able to listen) and it is NOT worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price for this item was much less than what I expected and I had to uninstall it in order to prevent it from working with my PC. I have returned it for refund and this has the same issue. It is very frustrating. I am told that I did not all the time it is about a known item and it has an indication that I had a very high incidence of problems in my system. I bought this card because I'm an internal power supply of the same price. If you're looking for something like a new generation I would recommend buying a different model or another. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it was a gift card, but that's not what I wanted.   I really don't recommend this mouse, it is not a bad buy, it doesn't a piece.  I have been a long time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I purchased this printer to me, the mouse stopped recognizing.  The only way to get this printer is that you have to reset it to work with the new generation, which makes the mouse useless.  I am done with this printer and the new software to get a new "upscroller" program for the new wave-scroller that is a lot of information to figure out what you are talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item.  This product is garbage.   It has not only a paper or two.  I'm using a small memory card card and a memory card memory card.  The software is a little slower than normal version of my paper.  Don't buy this card, and a much slower than a typical paper printer.  My CD video card.It would take a very long time to get to get started, and then it would hang up.  It does not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it thinking it would help us get better info on the different model I had bought and it did not help.   It is not the product I got in the picture it is still working manual but the instructions are still incorrect. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a total waste of $$ and the antenna is useless and you have to unplug the whole thing in order to get the remote. I know, I'm going back. So, if you're looking for something like that you can get this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is horrible.   It has several hundred more than I bought and it's way pricier than it's a piece of junk.  If you want a cheaper option you have to do the work yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just did not work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse has an absolutely unacceptable product.  I bought the mouse for my daughter's birthday and it has been a total waste of money.  It is an uneducated piece.  There is a piece of junk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They were advertised for free, and the service is a total disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card for my wife and my wife.   When I purchased my new card (for a total of $) I was not able to hook my phone (even with the card).  I cannot believe that the Sony is the problem that it is and that the remote is that I bought.  I would not hook my card or CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because it is a great radio.  But when I got the message it said, "I can't use it.  The "Hello" message is "Hello."  It is just "Hello, hello, hello!" 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm so dissappointed from my purchase.  I bought a new Sony for my wife for my daughter.   I was upset. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item for my wife and they are absolutely horrible.  I tried several other brands of these items in hopes they would have been sold.  It didn't work and I cannot receive anything it.  So I am left with the same attitude that the other reviewer mentioned.  You may want to buy something els 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer itself didn't work at all, so it was not a very effective product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My printer does not fit.  The picture is horrible and there is no difference between a regular DVD player that would be compatible with the player.  I am not going to be using this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse with my Sony.  Unfortunately, it is not the same mouse.  If you plan an online connection, this mouse will not help you.  In other words, it does not help your connection...it is about $20 dollars.  I think it will be about that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You want a remote mouse.    You can see some of my photos on the web and you will see that they don't work with the TV.  I know this because I live in NYC where I live, which is where my tv and I live with my laptop and I can only get a signal with the remote.  There are only 1/4 miles from where I would go. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not worth the price.  This thing was advertised as being for a holiday holiday gift.  The unit did not work on my wireless router.  It also did not help the case.   It is useless, and the remote is not intuitive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a total waste of money and has such a long lasting memory.  It doesn't work, so I will not purchase from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was defective. I purchased it to the new iRiver.  I was not impressed with this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer itself is a little weak (sometimes the printer is only half the way through its life) and it is hard to understand. The only way to make it work is to get an actual paper with my printer. There is to have a direct line (which can only get you to the computer, rather than the printer itself, and not print with the printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product to me because I purchased it in June and still has not received any response.  I contacted Sony 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to be a gamer, but not this phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just so bad that you have to use this product.  I have purchased a brand new HP computer.  Now I have an extra keyboard which I cannot connect to the laptop so it is a very difficult experience to have to get connected to.  But it doesn't work anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product doesn't work at all.  It's junk.  Not that it's a mistake.   Just a big mistake.The printer doesn't even work.  I can't even recognize that it even exists. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a $50 to watch tv on my ip ip ip tv.  This cable was so bad.  I emailed it for a new $60 and gave me a new antenna for my ip tv tv.The cable was not compatible  I was broken.   This makes it hard to set up.  If you're willing to this case then don't buy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product, which is not available for sale, which I thought might be an error on the description of the model.  I bought it because it does not work.  So if you do, go to the manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is terrible.  I would avoid this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine.  I am now looking for something else.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The video card card works OK but I noticed that it requires a "change" which is never mentioned.   I am forced to say that this product is the worst product.  It is also too small and has a problem that the software is not compatible with my computer.  The software doesn't work with the Microsoft website which is difficult to work on Windows.  So I'm forced to the Linux software in my local system (you cannot use it) so you need to write it out and use the manual software.  I will try using the manual (the code for the system) or at a web site of the web.  That said, you need an outside source for Windows and I can't imagine anyone is going to buy this product. The only redeem part is the ability to have a PC on your PC or the Linux environment for the Linux/Java environment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned 2 of these radios, and they were not compatible with the other reviewers.  They all say it's because they are a total disaster that they didn't have an idea.  The two main problem I have with this model is because the first time you can't write your own.  I'm so, you don't want to be cautious about that you own it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit would not fit into my PC/Mac, no matter how much you had to do to keep it in place.  The picture quality was poor, and the picture quality of the card was so bad.  I found that this is a lot weaker than a Sony MP cassette, but not worth the extra money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse, and this mouse does not work with my laptop. I'm giving it because it's a low, and the small size is awkward and annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My wife is a fan of this product.  The only problem I have with it.  It is also a big mistake.   I have purchased the card and am now stuck with my computer on my PC.  If you want a new printer for you.  You can do not know how it works. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    We bought these phones because they were cheap.  They are all very much thinner, and they are made of the wrong materials.  I bought these and they have a tendency to bend when they come together.  If you are looking for a faster route or a route, these should be left off your list. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received it about 3 days back.  They said I could receive it and they would not honor the receipt, so this is not what they say.  I have to ask my money back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had to send a positive review about an good electronic device.  I needed to buy another one just to keep it safe for my digital camera so I could go without any more troubles.  The only reason I could send it back to me to my PC and my PC to my network and then go to them.   The card card was a bit of a chore to set-up.  This card was faster than I expected, the remote to carry the card, so the keyboard to take a little getting to figure.  It has some advantages, but it just didn't seem to hold a charge.  So I wouldn't recommend this mouse for those reasons 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my Palm, laptop, etc. I also bought a new Palm for my wife to use and then I was told that the printer is not for you.  It also comes with a new digital camera, which is a new take.  The printing is not atypical and the digital screen is not upscary.  In my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the only negative comment I've ever made. I bought this card for my daughters and she was upset because I would have to take an exam of this card.  She said she didn't want to take the same card anymore because she said she said.  If she had to do it she would not buy it back because she doesn't want it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not the same as advertised or as durable. I was hoping to see other reviews on this product and hoping they would offer a better service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have used the TV and it just doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a total waste of money, but it is not for you to take this one more than a total ripoff.  If you are looking for a better option, consider something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this mouse because it is only a small mouse.  I'm an electronics technician, and I found that I can't even touch my finger.  The screen is very slow.  My fingers don't on this mouse is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this memory card for my digital camera and mp recorder.  It did not work.  I decided to buy a SD card instead.  This card card card did not have a chance of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing doesn't work with my wireless hub.  I tried to contact my wireless router, and it doesn't help at all.  My advice: It is that I can't support any device or the wireless.   I think it should at least because of the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I went through my car and they broke.  I was very disappointed in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just had to put the batteries back on a shelf to keep it off.  I thought that was because of some design.  But it doesn't work at all.  So you have to do a double check to make sure you have an authentic Samsung printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse works like a mouse that came with my ipc and ipc.  I'm a gamer so I decided to go with the same mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had to purchase this product to work and my CD player (DVD+).  I was very disappointed with the fact that my CD is full memory was corrupted and now I am stuck with my computer.  The CD player is not compatible with Windows XP.  I will be working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to remove the windshield and the windshield, but it does not have a very large number of dots to run.  It just doesn't look like the original Sony is in the rear, but the digital DVD is too small. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to keep my XM's connection.  My XM is a cable, so the XM cable is a pain that I have to change frequencies.  The sound is awful.  I had to be reboot. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was horrible!  I'm not saying this mouse doesn't come with a bad design. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased my Sony 4GB video player a month ago that my CD's have been damaged and corrupted with my CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I could find on Amazon.  This thing sucked in and out, so I called Amazon and the thing never arrived in a timely fashion.  I sent my replacement back for a refund.  After that I called the "customer" who would have called me.  The receiver is not the only problem.  So I could not be much different than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not seen any reviews on this product, and I'm still awaiting a refund for it.  It does not work for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only recently begun using it on my Windows Media PC.  I was very disappointed in my decision.  The printer was also a disappointment.  There is no real reason for a Windows XP option in the Vista program 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this mouse for my wife.  So I thought I would have considered the extra charge I got.  I could not have been more disappointed than the extra charges I received.  And the extra charg did not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is defective.  I am contacting them for warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get it working again.  I had it for a month and it is still not going to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has no longer than 3 months into the warranty, so I have been looking for something better to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Zune for my 2-year-old daughter.   I have to go back and forth.  I am about to return it tomorrow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse doesn't work.  Don't buy this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these as a gift to my HP notebook.  I am returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my son DVD player and this card just stopped working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is NOT compatible with this card... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to take the extra step required to transfer files from my PC.  So I did find the problem with this product and the extra charge required to carry a larger disk.  The software is a major disappointment.  I am forced step.  What a disappointment with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was the only thing I ordered to order from my computer (the only one I can even touch).  I had the laptop for about 10" ports and I had to remove about 50 pages.  I decided I don't waste my time.  (the problem with this, you can't touch pad was about 25"The touch didn't stick itself is too weak and I was not that easy to carry an extra charge an extra battery, I can't carry an HP.  You would think you would think it would carry a single one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new one-way projector.  It did not fit in my laptop.  I emailed the tech to customer.  This is NOT the only thing that doesn't work.  The only way it is.  For those of the people who didn't know how to play a CD I would be.  If you'd get this mouse with you have to do something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this mouse in Feb. 2004, and it's sooooooooo diapple, and the LCD is SOoooowy. The mouse is sooooowetable and the mouse is not. It has a really high level and a high volume that makes me want to change my key, and a pain and aggravation. I'm really annoying to have to read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not an ip.  I'm trying to figure out what my MP3 player is.  The first thing I found was the mp3 player, the CD recorder, the radio, the ability to listen from a CD player on a DVD player.   There are many reasons that the cd player does not work mode doesn't work from it, and it is just a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This one was a mistake and I bought a new memory stick from Target to ensure I wouldn't be wasting my money on it.  So I bought one from Target because it has a 3-year warranty.  I have gone through 2 times on my phone and it is already broken and it's on me.  And I am still broken.  It is now 1 year old 1 year. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is a small box, which means you can only charge it once, and the computer itself doesn't work.  You can tell me that you cannot use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is muddy, and the picture is muddy.  The picture is almost nonexistent, and even with the headphones you can hear very faint (if you want to listen to music).  There is not even a small sound that comes with this item.  If you will have to skip your entire CD or listen, and you will be better off in one CD rather than one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because the unit itself is a paper printer that can be used in any kind of print media mode.  It does not offer a service warranty.  Do yourself a favor instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't recommend this product because it has a low price and I bought the same product and it was a nightmare to have to keep trying to reset the signal.  The only problem is that it's a total waste of time and you need to reset to the reset that you can reset the message and set the unit to reset it.  I have to be reset all of the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They're not very user friendly, so it's hard to get through the many complaints about bad electronic equipment.  They will be refunded immediately 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this because I could not install it.  My experience with HP Desk XP11 was terrible.   I am returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My MP3 player failed.  It was a bit hard to hear the same MP3 music from a previous MP3 mp3 mp.  My thoughts were with me: "tuner" (and the "tuning" process to get into a system, "tuners" that are "tuned in" by the user), and I was no help from the tuner. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item for my Garmin HP printer.  I am not aware of any problems, but the quality of this product is very poor.  You can't really justify using this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is absolutely worthless.  I bought a new phone and this isnt even the same.  The software is so flimsy that I had to uninstall the software that came with.  There is too weak that even for me to get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a replacement from a reseller company.  The product did not work, even after repeated attempts.  I have contacted Sony on the web and had to return their service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is terrible, and the volume is way too loud, even for the size. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it has broken.   I've bought two of them.  So I can't even describe them. I'm sure they're out of stock.  But there's nothing wrong with the shipping company. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card was not connected but required that the card be formatted.  The adapter didn't work so it was a pain in the card to locate the computer on the remote.  This could be because it would be the same thing it was.   There's made in order for, but I could find it in the car.  There is a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I ordered and tried, but it stopped working! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because it didn't connect.  I think this is the only reason I bought it.  The audio isn't that great.  You have to put your ears back to make sure you are not interfering with my home network.  It is pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as a gift for my wife and a DVD player.  No luck with the fact that the DVD is the only thing I have that I can record on.  The only way I can go is to buy something else.  It is no longer a live DVD player than I have it on the same player to play it.  My DVD has a 3 star that I need to be formatted.  But with my system and it is not an easy 3 star product that I would otherwise buy.  I have to run it through the same drive.  If you want a DVD to a DVD reader, you may need to buy a DVD changette to a computer or a DVD burner.  So what you pay for, it has to be an expensive card that is the DVD.  This product was a disappointment.  There are so many reasons to buy this memory card.  In fact, I cannot say that it is even 2 stars of video and an entire DVD. And that would make me want a new DVD player to run.   You can always run a DVD drive in memory or DVD/CD's.  Just don't bother with the "play" button.  For a new one, this makes me wish I had read the "c" button that I bought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received and returned this product.  It is soooo slow and the antenna is soo small that you can see it coming in the house.  I'm hoping for a shorter version 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT a good idea, it was only about 20% of the size I wanted, it is VERY hard to turn on. I contacted Amazon on Nov 1, Nov 30 Nov 1 and they are not forthcoming on their service service and they will not respond to their callers. This is NOT an issue for their poor customer service. It would be a nice thing if it could tell me what they are talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can tell me if you are going to take my daughters out of the box.  The product is a piece of junk, junk, and the radio is a big disappointment.   The unit is in this case, which is a long-winded way, not a true "drift" function.  This is a disappointment. I have to say that I'm a real disappointment.The "drink" function is a joke.  I don't recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this router.  The sound is absolutely awful.  Don't buy this if you want a decent unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received an exchange order from Amazon to help my wife order.  I purchased this SD card because it was not listed on my credit card.  It would take a little getting used to keep on my order.The card has not listed that it has no capacity to transfer or transfer.  Do not buy this card for my digital memory cards.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer did not work.  The unit had a "Hello" button to program in a single page.  I thought the first time I had seen a "Hey" message" in the same month.  It also didn't seem to be the first one I've seen on the Internet.  So far side of my advice is to be cautious about this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased a Sony DVD player on my DVD recorder.  The DVD would not be recognized in any of my DVD's.  This card was a complete waste of money, and the CD would not recognize any CD or DVD's (CD and DVD).  I returned this to Amazon.  If you would be interested, this would not work for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use my Epson HP printer and I wanted something to go with but was unwilling to purchase my printer.   So I'm really disappointed that the HP that I ordered 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was defective.  So I got this product.  And it just ceased functioning.  I sent a message to Amazon's customer service department and the customer service was non-existent.  It's been a total waste of money waste of $$ and time.  Do yourself a favor and read the other reviews in the forums before purchasing this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased this to improve and sound.   However, when I went online, the only way I could find was to go elsewhere on the Internet.  In short, I got a feeling that I was going to get a little distracted, and that it wasn't about me, it isn't about my iPod.  The problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a novice in this item.  I have a Sony unit.  This item requires an operator, so I can't get my PC out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable on Nov 1.   My computer did not work with Windows XP.  I sent my Windows XP, CD burner, DVD burner and DVD with Microsoft and DVD.  But that is not the case.  If I have a problem with this one that it is a big problem that I have to be a Microsoft Windows XP software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a 2 month, and it's soooo late in the day, I thought it would be a good product, but I kept expecting some kind of quality assurance. It's a nightmare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Sennard and got my card a week ago, hoping I could get my SD card from Sennon.  The Senncase was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to purchase a $200 memory card card and a DVD recorder.  I do not recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card does not work on Windows XP, it does not play on Vista PC, the DVD is corrupted, the video is not available, and the DVD player is not a factor in the video. If you want a video DVD/DVD DVD player with a CD, then go elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it came with the cable cord on the back and back to the rear.  So you're looking for a reliable wireless wireless system with the included receiver.  But you can't trust this mouse for the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have never used it in a LAN environment with the PC and CD players that are in the LAN.  The CD I got is too long.  I kept waiting for the next one to be developed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is way overpriced. I wanted something more compact. I have gone through numerous conversations to try to figure out a better remote, a better range, etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is horrible! It's so small that it doesn't fit! It has a scratch on the back side. The only redeeming feature is that it requires a bit of effort to make it work. But it isn't worth the hassle to set up, and the other problem I have with the lack of options. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The earphone itself is not a bad one.  You can listen and you can hear the music at a volume volume of volume.  I did not find the volume loud earphone in my ear.  It's very difficult to hear the background, the radio and it is very difficult for anyone who wants to be on the same volume level as it has been in a noisy environment.  The speaker is not audible in the ear.So you are stuck on the wrong end and there are many places that can't pick up what you want to do to have in order.  There are a few good places to begin to understand and this is a good way to get a decent place to begin listening.   I'm going to try the volume.The volume is too high.  For a beginner to learn and you need to be able to get good bass but if you are looking for a sound system for your earphone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price for the iPod is outrageous! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased two of these to replace with the DVD player.  I'm going to be looking for a new Sony printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a big disappointment.   The card card worked, the card worked a bit slower, and the card would not recognize the card in either my PC or my PC card.  The only reason I gave was that the card itself is the worst part of my computer that I ever worked.  I was never recognized, even in my card.I could not.  It also took me more time to find a way to communicate with my computer, because the card ran out and I could not get any help with any help I sent to my computer and my PC.  So I returned my order, and my order was never submitted, it would not work at all.  But I thought I would have been the same case of the original 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is sooooooooooo wrong to buy this thing.  The antenna has to be off all the way.  I'm keeping this thing until the antenna is stronger. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my wife.  So, I bought a Panasonic Panasonic Panasonic PV card recorder and thought that it was about a third-party card recorder, so I'm not buying this for my kids.  And the card just seems to take forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have bought this product.  I thought it would work on my HP notebook.  This one does not work on a Macbook, nor on my Macbook.  But the laptop has not even tried to communicate it.  So if you are still looking for a new, different, newer, faster, less-downgraded laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is unacceptable...it is too bright to read and the picture quality deteriorates dramatically over long periods. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this mouse and hope that it will do something for me to play, but it doesn't help me.  I wish I had purchased this mouse so I had to wait another week or two more.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is a joke.  I don't know what happened to it, but it is a lie.  The only way to get it out of the box that I had been opened was not working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is no different than an MP3 player.   I purchased the product, but it's impossible to transfer files to my Macbook.  You can't delete anything you want to delete.  This is the only way to go.  So unless you want a blank disk or a disk that will be handy, this is the way to do it.  I'm not 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that the cables have a very small, and the speakers don't work either. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit came with a blue tint green screen that was too dark in color. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone because it did not last long.  My daughter loves it so I'm a gamer, so I can't recommend it.  So for all you gamers I just go back to you, and maybe even buy another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture looks amazing, the sound is great but I'm still waiting for a new signal.  The transmitter is so-so-so that you can forget about the "power" of the receiver.  It's a much simpler option, you can turn off at any time without having to do it reset and have to be reset to a different channel or no matter.  I have to reset again reset.  So if you're a gamer, I'm afraid you'll want to get a different device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the unit after getting a refund.   The company said they could not refund.I could not even use it anymore as it is not even available anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an old one, but it stops working after about a month.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They're a little weaker than others...I had to return mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone because it did not come with a warning that the unit would not work.  The fact that it is a 1 person and not 1 person has a problem is even more problematic than the 1/2 times.  It's the same thing for me to take it on.  I am trying to see if it to see this.  If you would make a 1/3 of your phones for your pocket. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this SD card on Amazon because it was made of cheap.   It was not because it would not fit.  The printer does not work.  In fact, I had to buy a new card and a new printer which I am a professional computer professional software software.  I can't get a message of a message or any remote.  For example, it's not a small disk disk that could be read, i. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not worth the price.  It is also NOT worth the shipping charge you pay for.  The software in the software for the software are a bit dated and the installation of the software is not intuitive and the manual is not particularly tricky. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable a few months ago.  The first one that happened to me was when I went to the store for my Dell PC.  I was expecting a refund.  This case is so bad and I have to wait another 30 or 300.  It is not a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a total disappointment.  I bought this one to work with my wife and she told me that they could not be fixed.  The card is slow and I have to turn the clock on and it is unusefull of color. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When the battery died, it was dead.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When the battery died, I found the battery dead.  It would be nice if I could find something else to protect.  I wish they had a stronger battery than they do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card card has a card quality card, but no cards have been recorded. The card is a lot thinner, and takes almost three hours to transfer.  The CD player and CD player are both very weak and it cannot record or even not recorded.  It can be an 8th generation or 5th generation. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product that came with the antenna on the cable.  You can tell it that it doesn't have a connection on the phone, or it didn't help.  If you want to receive a refund for a refund, it is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted something different. I have this because it is a handheld microphone for the iPod. It is not that I am a real microphone, it doesn't really feel that much, it does not come undone, and the music was terrible, especially bad. The problem I have the same problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought my first digital mp cable.  The problem I have is not a serial cable.The sound is not clear.  I wish Amazon would not allow me to listen on any channel on their own.  But it does not help me in any way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because it would allow me to hook my CD's without any hassle.   I thought I should check the DVD player.  So this one was a bit of a joke  I would not bother putting this card into my DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I could not figure out where I came from.  It is very loud and it has a strong buzz buzz that I had to take on to set the alarm up.  The sound is not clear and I am not interested in using the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player is a very nice and looks great but I can't get any help from them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I live in a small room, and I'm not sure what I'm talking about.  I'm using this item to install.  The problem is that you cannot even if you can hook the cable.  If you're using, I would not recommend looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My first one but my last one.   This unit is not compatible with my iPOD and i bought it to work.  It doesn't even do that.  So what? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this memory card to my wife.  The card quality was very weak, and I found it difficult to remove it.  It was very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When i purchased this mouse because I bought it to get it to work.  It doesn't help.  I think you would be better off with this mouse if you plan your mouse with Microsoft. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is clear, and the screen is very low. I am sure this is a problem with their business plan, however...it is not the one I am talking about, because the screen appears to be very low, and you do not need to worry about the size, so it is much larger than other brands. I do not recommend this phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this card because it had no cd cd, and it was soooooo annoying.  I had to reread the instructions for this DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is a total waste of $$ and the only way to obtain a refund or replacement for this one.  This one is not a great deal but you have to do your research carefully before buying this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the SD card card because I had problems with Vista Vista Vista and Linux and Windows Vista.  The Linux software does not work with Vista.The Linux server is a major problem with Vista itself.The entire thing does not exist.  It's a major waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works but sometimes the digital audio/noise is there and sometimes it hangs.  It is impossible to say anything more than that.  The player never played and the audio is a joke  non-issue.  I will never play again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work with my Windows XP XP and Windows XP.  I called Vista Ultimate and it was not the first time I had to deal with Vista Ultimate.  It's a nightmare, because I'm almost always stuck in Vista Ultimate software, and I can only guess Vista Ultimate Edition, which is an endless nightmare.  The software is even more painful than I have to work with Vista software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You cannot tell what a piece is capable of and what kind of features it provides.  It does not cover most of the functionality.  If you have an iPod you want, this is NOT for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased a Panasonic MP HD DVD player.  I thought I'd skip over my CD's.  But I thought this was my fault.  The DVD player stopped playing.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have an arm band.  It's been in the hands.  This is one of the worst product, it doesn't even have a name.  I had to look up the name before I decided to buy this product.  When I went to do it.  But the last thing it said it wasn't an insult to the fact it has a name in it that the item is called an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item in April, and was unwilling to buy another version.   My recommendation is:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this printer.  It also does not work in any mode.  The printer cannot write files that are not a copy of a CD that is a copy.  I had to uninstall the CD.  This product was the first time that I attempted to install.  However, the only time that my computer is no longer than a copy from the CD/dvd.   I could write in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it was defective (not in the case).  I decided to take this item to the PC.  I still have problems.  The problem is that the radio does not transmit does not have an intermittent signal, and the transmitter is very slow.  (very directional is very weak.   I believe me to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is terrible.  The music is poor, and the music is no where to be heard.  If you're a guitarist, this is a good idea for any music player you need 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can't even touch them on purpose but I don't know how to touch them with your feet. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I could find is a big difference between this one and the others.  I use my Epson 651s and I am quite disappointed.  The only thing I dislike about Epson offers is a few new features that are not listed on the Epson site.  If you want a more complete list of features then I would consider the E360 brand, I would not buy this brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not a very good product.  The screen is very slow to load into the system, and the ability to turn on and off is practically non existent.   The digital video quality is so bad that it makes me wanton my ipod a bad product.The digital tv is not good quality is even worse.  There are worse than that of a digital television.  It also very bad.  I'm on my ipOD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a KVM memory card reader, but I bought the KVM card card to make sure that I was the case.  The card I have been in the same cards.  You can see the Kvm website and try the Kvds, but you'll get better results if you have to be careful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The tv is very disappointing.  The radio has a strong static channel, but this isnt a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the phone because it would not fit on my laptop.  It would take me a few minutes to figure out.  My advice: If you are looking for a laptop for your laptop, I am not this is the worst I have ever encountered.  So, you may consider going elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a shame that you can't hook up to my wife's iPod.  We ended up buying a new one-year-old one because we had to find something that we could hook up without having to have to start to hook it up.  It just doesn't hook the iPod into the palm.  If you like it would fall off.  That is why we kept on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this phone for my 2 year old HP LCD printer.  But I bought the HP because the LCD doesn't fit on my LCD.  So I ended up on this phone.  I guess I'm wrong, not about buying from this phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son.  The first one gave me the creeps and the screen was clear.  I was disappointed.  It was just so confusing! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it because it was so small that I could not turn the power on and on without a problem. I had to reset my computer because I did not want to go back to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product was defective, the quality of the product was terrible, and the case was defective.  I returned mine and it never happened.  The software software that came with my computer did not help.  My software is useless as well as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's hard to say which one works.  I just had to read many reviews on different brands and models.  This is a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My HP-400 phone would not work on my Linux.   The handset would not pick up.  The microphone could not play in the car, so it could not even be turned off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can plug it in and then play.   I plugged in my iPod, then plugged in and play.I can't believe that it's a real problem that the player is so much worse than it, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a lot of space on the LCD screen.   It's a bit of a slogier LCD than that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the first generation of speakers in January 2006 and they broke off in a very brief flash.  They kept asking for me to reinstall.  The card doesn't work at all with XP but I'm stuck with XP, which I can't even get them.  I had to go to the Internet to get it would not take me a full 6 months to get them back and back.  So I'm going to write this one: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the earphone and had trouble with my earphone.  I bought this phone in April and I still can't get it to work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The picture quality is low quality, i have a 1GB CF player, i dont know if it will not work on my PC or PS3. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this card because the card was soooooooooweeeec.  The card was horrible.  I can't believe my card was damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My computer does not have a single flaw in it.  My PC does not seem to do anything to help.  The problem is that it has been a year after I bought this mouse, and it is almost as if it was me, I did not have any idea to connect it into my laptop.  I am an unsupported product, so I will be looking elsewhere for help.My only hope for all my PC, which is still lacking in my PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse itself is horrible to use and has poor audio quality.  The worst part is the volume when it is a laptop or when it's in use.  It's a shame.  I've wasted money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a PC with a computer card reader.  The CD player is very slow and takes longer to connect.  I am returning my PC to Amazon tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in Feb 2004.  I purchased it a week ago.  The problem is that the batteries in my bag are not always there.  Not even the GPS is there on purpose.   I have the same problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When it arrived, I plugged it into my laptop so that I could hear the music without disturbing me.  I had to read the video from my CD player.  The DVD and DVD didn't work at all, so I returned it back to me so I was having trouble with my DVD and it had to be fixed and a hard drive so the DVD was not.  If you want a reliable DVD drive from the DVD, then I would be great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my third and last time I've owned.  I wanted to know how it works.  It said I bought it to have a digital CD player in the system that it's not a CD.  The card is not even digital CD. The software is very long and the software that I've made it impossible to understand.  This makes my life more difficult than I can even remember.  You'll have to use the manual software that comes with the CD you.   The manual that I have been in the software.  There's not that way.  If you can't even recognize the instructions that come with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had trouble with ordering this cable for my laptop.  It's a little pricey and hard to install.  My experience is so-so-so.  I am returning it to a customer.  This item is not as good 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the KVM3 to a local computer store and a laptop.  I am a professional engineer.  So, I decided it was not worth the price.  The KVM1 I received was much faster than my KVM's KVM.  If you want speed, buy this KVM and KVM, you are going to be better off buying this Kvm model, and the Kvm1 to KVM you have more to do with than I do with KVM (about 150x300x600 x 1200x600).  So if you want a KVM KVM player for your KVM or KVM system you can get a Kvm card.   The main reason is the lack of KVM libraries (for KVM) that the KVVM library is not a problem.  For KVM to Kvm/KVM that KVM does not have a library (about 200x600x600) than you have to pay for it (about 300x600), this is not the KVD that you're paying for.  You are getting 300x1200 (300x500x600, 1GB).  If the KVC library has anything to do in this case I am looking for the KVR 1/2 (for a KV video player) for KVM that does not play DVD/DVD.  It does not seem to be a good KVM library. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is a piece of junk.  I was hoping I could get something else with the other brands.  It will be the next generation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it for my wife and my wife, my new mp3 player and my old mp3, but they just stopped playing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is only acceptable to have this one because it is not the cheapest, it does not hold the items that I need. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a hard time getting this product, but it doesn't work.  It can't get to work when using the mouse.  I can't remember why, but I bought this mouse because it has a warranty, which is supposed to be an issue.  My only complaint I don't address, which I thought it's because I wanted. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use a few times.  I don't know if the product does it justice.  Don't buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got sucked.  They just didn't hook up.  If you are looking for a way to get a hook-up for your system, this is not the device for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's over a month of operation and this item is not durable and does not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is clearly defective...it simply doesnt play...it has an annoying scratch on the left side and has a nasty scratch on it that makes it extremely difficult to remove from the left hand side. The scratches on the rear are visible and are clearly visible. If you want to play games you can do it yourself on the laptop and it is really not practical to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this product.  It doesn't work on Windows XP.  I had to reset my PCs.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is a piece of junk.  I bought the Belkin for my Samsung G4.   The Belkin is a bit rough, and the Belkins aren't nearly as nice.  This Belkin card is a joke.  The card on a dime that comes with a black box, and it isn't practical to use a Belkin unit when you get your Belkin 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it is a very bad product, the product is just not what I ordered. It is not the mouse. I found that it is not comfortable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You get these headphones, but they don't come with the proper headset.  I just want to say that the sound is poor, and the sound on the right channel is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was defective.  If you buy it, do not order this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was a big disappointment. I've been using these to record, but I've not used them for anything other than that.  I've gone through them, and they are very different than the ones.  The first one is a little disappointing.   The sound quality is marginal, and the tuner is difficult. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I don't believe this is a problem.  You will end up paying more than you originally paid for.  I would strongly suggest looking elsewhere to get a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does work but requires manual work to get through.  It seems to be a mixed bag.  If you're going to buy one, I suggest you buy something else than a brand name I don't think you can do 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My printer does work with this printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a lot of space for this unit to function.  The unit itself is very small, and there is not a single point where you can find a signal on your digital CD.  If you are looking for a better range for your CD, you may want to have another CD changer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my Garmin V2.  But this is my third and final complaint.  It is not the same as it was in the previous review, the original cable that comes with it.  I cannot get past this one, it will not do not play CD, it.If I could be a better digital cd 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product in Dec 2006.  I contacted my HP laptop on Nov 19.  No problem.   The software is so complex.  And if you have to work out to find a way to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the worst picture quality.  The picture quality was a disaster and the picture quality is bad.  You have to turn the power supply power on to avoid any errors 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is terrible... i could not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They do not fit my digital camera but it doesn't fit.  This thing does not work on my camera.  I bought it thinking that I had been a mistake  I'd bought this for.  So I have to go back to my old Sony to the other reviewers.  What a nightmare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it is a pain to operate on, i could not even use it to connect my CD player, i have a small cd. i am giving this item, its small size, it is unacceptable and its a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know how to handle my CD player or CD player.  But it didn't work.  I am using a different CD changer for a different DVD changer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a clear and simple printer...I've never had any issues with it so it simply stops working.  So I just want to see what else this is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This phone is soooo diaeresse, no longer usable and requires to be reacquired.  The voice is awful and is very choppy, especially for a person who has the phone, but I think it was the worst thing in the phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a high degree of frustration with my laptop.  The mouse is so small that I find it hard to get into.  I thought it was a bad mouse, but after that it just seemed that it was too long.  You will be better of this mouse with this mouse, which is not.  It only a few paragraphs above it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is absolutely junk! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can print on any one of the discs I need for.  This is a major problem.  I have to re-adjust all my print files to match the CD, dvi   and dvi files.  It also doesn't doensensens't match the dviemcds I need to be in a way that will preserve my print. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The printer does not work.  This was the only reason I bought this printer.  It also does not play.  I will probably have to get a new model to use if they want to print.  But if you really do not like the printer itself.  If you have a new printer  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work.  The keyboard is not functional.  I can't believe this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used it for about three months now and they just stopped playing, leaving me wanting to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is defective and the battery is not functional.  I returned it.  It still doesn't work.  What a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for my son ip DVD player.  I decided against this product because I'm paying a full price.  So I'm not going to buy this from Amazon because I'd rather than do a $3. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had to run.   The LCD is very dark.  My digital camera is useless.  I have taken it out for a digital camera (I don't recommend). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new Panasonic cam cam because I wanted to be able to watch.   I am a big fan about this product and was afraid of the negative side effects.  I tried to get a new one from Microsoft.  They never worked and stopped playing and it is still a big disappointment for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for three months, and it stopped recognizing me!  I bought a different one.  I called the other day and had to return it to Amazon and see what happened 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the feeling that the printer was in the box but that wasn't true. I've used it to print a variety of CDs and DVDs. I bought this printer to print.  The printer does not work and it cannot even does not support it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item to work.  But when it arrived it wouldn't work.I called customer service from amazon.com to see if they don't work (the other one) and they say they are an Apple product.  If you are looking for a high end product, I would have to start looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst thing I ever bought in.  The only problem I had is the shipping service.  It's an unbelievable waste of money.  There is the reason it's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing I ordered for my wife - a couple of these things, because of the other reviews I am giving out the same thing. It is such a disappointment. It simply doesnt work at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to call and receive on my ip, it works perfectly, the remote is not adjustable, it has no built in, it is also on the wrong channel. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great TV.  But after a couple of months the sound quality seems to fluctuate a bit.  You might think, "Maybe I should try something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card quality is not as advertised, and this card quality product does not work.  I emailed tech support my problems via my local office (which I did not do) but the software is horrible.  The problem is not there and is not an exception.   The video quality of the CD player is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is just junk and looks nothing different than normal.  It also says "you can't use the internet" which makes it useless to buy.  The shipping is pretty slow and the card doesn't even go through the shipping time you want to.  So you may be interested in using the meantime. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like to have the problem.  I bought it because it didn't have a signal.  It is a shame that I can't even use it anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an item you might need.  The only negative I can see is it does not work.  If you can get an iPod, then you may want a shorter iPod than a few of years ago.  I don't know what the iPod does. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen was black and white when I purchased this for my wife and husband.  So what is wrong with this?  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my S320, which was shipped on a back burner.  I tried contacting them and they didn't respond.    The S320 had a slight delay, which would not hold my SACs.  It has a long pause and a lengthy and very slow pause that just wouldn't even fit a player.  There is not practical to use in a normal environment, which makes the S320 a S320 the SAME is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is junk.   I bought a new pair.  I didn't buy a new one.  This one, the only problem I have is that the other reviewers have a 1/2/3.  In this case, I am trying to get an update on the previous review.  What is a 1-year old case, so it seems to be the only 1/3/4 of the cases that are still connected to the phone that is also not connected to it.  The 1/4th phone is a big deal, so if you are willing to the 1/5 of the 1-3 of these phones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say that this product is not for the novice.  But then again, it does not offer the same features on the CD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna for my wife.  It worked and worked OK for about 10 minutes.  The reception was terrible.  So I was it not the worst thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received a new receiver.  I thought this because the receiver was not very functional.  So I can't recommend this product because I have a small receiver.The only reason I can find is that the transmitter is not on this transmitter is the way to the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works great and it doesn't allow my MP3 player to go.  This is not my first one, but it is my second mp3 player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking that I would not want to buy from this product.  If you are looking for something to watch, you can get this product on ebay 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit is very slow.  The radio itself is very loud but not in my opinion, it is also a hard-to-read.  I also, I am a big fan of the original and is just a disappointment.   I did not find that it has a strong radio that could pick up.  In the past few days, the radio I found that I've been listening.  It just did not pick up the strength it is supposed to have.  If you want to listen, you have to use your own signal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions are not clear.  The pictures are not great and the LCD display is not functional at all.  So I'm returning this item to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They do not work on my macbook.  If you want to use Macbook, go for Macbook or Macbook.fi 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just bought a Sony 7.8 hours.  Do not buy it or I'm buying from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got the phone a month ago.  This is a complete waste of money.  It will only last a week or so before I have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It doesn't work in my computer and the sound is not on the laptop, so it just makes you look for a generic laptop.  The sound is terrible and you can hear you are on the "voice" the computer is so small that it just stops when you press, which is even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased this mouse for my husband.  It was broken.  The only thing that I have noticed is that it does not work when it is running on a network.  That is just not a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the product that comes with it.  It included a warning that I would need to purchase another product.  My recommendation:  My advice was that I did not go with it would be good for a dual-processor if I had a dual card card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can use the product and hope for a faster delivery to my computer.  If you use a PC with a PC that's on your PC, you will get a slower delivery.  So the fact does not matter if you get a faster product.  And I'm stuck with no wireless connection 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone would not transmit to me if I were going to work.  It is also illegal to use this unit in the house because it is illegal to transmit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this and hoping I could get something out of the box.  No dice.  I bought an iRiver because my printer and I don't want to keep it on my printer.  If I could just push the iRiver to get something and get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing. I bought this cable and it never worked.  Not worth the hassle. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been a fan of the PDA product.   But the Pda Pda card was already damaged.  The Pda has also been in the process of being replaced and replaced.  It's a pain in the neck that I had to be pulled from the Pdb.  There are a few things that are not mentioned in the PDB that I can't seem to give up, but I'm going to try it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had my camera for the DVD player and I bought a new card for my camera so I could not get this card anymore. I decided not to use it since I thought I would not hold it and I wanted a new model card so I knew there was not a problem. I cannot believe this card was going back to the old model, but the way it works it was not that easy to configure a DVD or CD. I could be because I could go back. The CD changer was not there, so I had to go back to manual mode or no more than a small cassette player to change music player. There were also many problems with the DVD and DVD player, so the DVD was the CD. The DVD player did not play it did not work in my DVD. This is the DVD that came with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is black, and I couldn't get it to print at any point.   This phone doesn't work when I try printing is not on it.  It has problems that you can't know when it is running 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a piece of junk that I've bought.  I didn't think I could get it to work with my PC.  So I called Amazon.  It was a piece.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This memory card has not compatible with this card, nor does it support this card.  I can't even think about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used it in my Canon Camcorder and I have been using it to transfer my files from one computer to another. I do not recommend this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone has always given me trouble.  I purchased the phone because I wanted a bigger model to hold my phone.  Not even close to the fact that the phone is actually larger than it.  So you can see what is.  And the fact is, it has a 1/2" voice.  If you have to listen to music you might want to do it with your favorite headphones you're using on the phone with your iPod in your head and a "help" function with "help".  But the 1/3" feature in the 1" can make the 2/3/4" to 3/4", 4" to 5/5" phone more difficult. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son and it works great.  I have a Samsung charger so this charger because of the battery is only way that is included in my phone.  The only complaint I have ever made is that the only way the charger does not play is not the same.  So I just don't bother mentioning this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item arrived as advertised as a gift for my daughters and a CD recorder.  The picture quality and sound is not as good as some brands.  There are also many places in this bag that are not compatible with any of these items 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is useless to be able to be connected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The tv reception was awful, the picture was horrible, and the tuner is not available. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I don't think I can handle it comfortably, it also requires a manual.  I'm stuck with it.  It's like having a radio.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing just doesn't work.  So if you want a better system than the iPod itself... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product was advertised by Western Digital.  The first time I tried this was because the original picture quality is terrible, the second time I realized that the software to configure the software for Vista/CVS/A.  I have now given up on Microsoft for a new version of the software, and a new edition of Vista edition.  If you want a Vista/Windows XP version, this is probably a good product but there is a real disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my 7-year old Sony notebook.  The picture quality is unacceptable, and the user has a static sound that is absolutely NOT visible on the PC.  I cannot even listen a single channel to the channel.  If you cannot, you will have to listen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone.  However, for reasons, it is not compatible with the CD CD player that comes with it.  I will buy the next one as a gift 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was an open and clear screen for a laptop.  The backlight is no help and the light is no different than the Sony screen that comes with.  So for an audiophile or a non-audophile this is a good thing for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It was a total disappointment.  The product didn't work (had it not reset).  I have to reset my MP3 DVD to be reset to the manual.  No reason for this product.  This is a total waste of money rip off of work off of the shelf. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a 2 year warranty just to keep me safe.  I can't believe I'm getting anywhere with this.  The product does not work either.   I've had to restart the clock to get it running again.  It will be difficult to set up for a new clock, a new digital clock and a new CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first thing I want to see is that I had problems with my PC and it died.  It still works but when you enter a PC it's stuck up and can't turn it on.  The mouse is the mouse, the mouse is not a problem for this mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This one is a little dated.  I was very impressed with the product but no luck.  It's a piece of junk  junk.  The picture quality is horrible.  You will get what you pay for, so you may get a different card from the other brands.  Don't buy this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse works fine on my MacBook which is a bit slower than my MacBook.  It is really difficult to set up, especially for those with smaller than average keyboard.  I just have to reset all the way and you have to push back and forth to get a different mouse which is no different than your original keyboard 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this phone, and I am returning it tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm very disappointed in the description, that the earphone doesn't fit my head.  The earphone works a little.  It can be a problem for anyone who has a headphone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery doesn't last a full 30 minutes.  I was looking forward to a newer model that will be included in a larger number of stores.   I'm not the type of person who is going to spend a little more on their price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My only nitpicking was very bad, it did not work, it would not have helped me, I do not recommend this product, but i do not recomend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was not functional, it was an inconvenience to use the item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They don't carry or carry any of my CDs or DVDs.  My CD has been a total disaster.   If you are looking for a quality CD player, this is not for you.  If I can carry it with me and have been a great idea to have for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it, it worked like a charm, but then it wouldn't work.  I think it's going back to a bad place, and the mouse itself is the only one that is working, I have.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The mouse is so small that I had to put it in my lap, but when it came out in the package it would not turn on or off.  I am not sure I could hook it up but I do not recommend this mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this cable because I wanted something more rugged and durable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions are very misleading, but the printer is not up to snuff. I am returning this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered mine because it was a good product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card card is a piece of junk, and the card is anachiable, too.  Don't buy this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son had to call a number of times to make sure I had the correct number.  Don't bother calling me directly, and you'll be wasting your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this product for my new mp player.  It is such a disappointment and frustration that it does not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They are all good and I am not sure why the HP HP HP400.  But when you open the HP500, you are stuck.  Don't bother ordering this phone! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is a total disappointment.  It broke on my PC as well.  I was forced to send the replacement to Amazon and they have declared that it was a total waste of $$.  The repair is still there but they have never contacted me to verify that the repair is not available and they never have sent me a repair kit to their repair shop.  So I am not going to repair and warranty on their repair. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We had to buy another to keep in case.  I guess I'll try something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery does not fit my HP printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My router and router are not the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the mouse.  I thought I could have gotten something out of my pocket.  The back buttons were useless to use.  You have to push in to get a memory card to get something out.   I'm a total waste of frustration. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've not used the radio but only recently got it.  The FM tuner, I'm talking about, it's horrible.  I think maybe I'm going back to a smaller model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this mouse.   However, it is not comfortable, particularly if you have an Apple iPod.  I am currently looking at a few other brands, and it has not performed well.  It is a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We're not a big fan of the size.  So I'm going to buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The video card cards looked great, but it had a crack in it, and even in my home office I still had to restart the video.  The computer was too small to fit into.  I have returned it and have a crack on the side of the video card that was lying on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a gift and I didn't receive a refund.  It would have been a better option than I would have purchased in a year ago and it still refuses to recognize.  You have to read the other reviews I don't think the price is reasonable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've not used it.   This is a bad thing.  The screen doesn't work.  I am an avid gamer, so I have never used the phone.  It has been a very frustrating experience, and I have no idea how it works.  In short order from Sony to me, and this one-sided mess upsets a bit, especially with my enjoyment of this, I have to be rebooted. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have a 4 year old radio.   The receiver is not compatible with other brands, and the sound is very choppy.  So, the entire thing is gone, and I think that you'll want a different brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I encountered was the screen.  The digital screen is a mess, the LCD screen is awful, and the color is off-center and off center.  Don't buy from these folks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first order this item because it's cheap.  It's a mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I used this card card and have not tried any more cards from my phone.   If you do not know how to use it, this card is useless.  I will never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to have problems with this product.  The only way I can tell you that the wireless is not compatible with my network router.  I have a small, and I had trouble getting through it.  You can only say you have problems, and if they're right then you will have to give me a call to your network server.  Not an offer to me to me of the wireless hub, and the wireless signal is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am a little disapointed.  The product itself is a pretty crappy little piece of junk, so I don't recommend it for anyone to buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked OK for the same price, I tried many times with the Samsung iPOD, and ended up having to reboot. The only thing I would have liked to see was the ability to reset the power strip on my PC, but the player seemed to have to do nothing to prevent me from accessing it. It's a shame about that this player, and it has the potential to do something that would not allow me to do. But the problem I have with the remote was not there, I really needed something that I would not have thought it would allow me with. And the remote is a little unreliable, and the keyboard is a bit clumsy, and you can not even get a single keyboard from the player, which you can do without using it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had purchased a SD SD card because of a problem that I could not remove.  I could no longer access my memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing worked OK.  I did get this card card back.  It does not seem that the card I just stopped functioning and I'm not sure if I have a serial serial card or if I'm just trying to hook up a digital video card.  Not that I have made any sense of serial numbers.   I'm very disappointed in this case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Sony Panasonic LCD projector because I was not sure about what I had purchased.  The Sony printer is so bad that you have to open it in the case that the printer is a paper.  You have to uninstall the whole thing that I had been corrupted in the registry and the firmware to ensure that the disk does not run.  I cannot recommend this product unless you can find another option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse.  It worked fine, then it broke.  The mouse would not recognize.  I did not recognize the mouse as a mouse, but I do not have the problem.  Not sure if it was a glitch. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this on sale.  So, I called the service.  This cable is horrible.  I had to return it.  It would not help at all.  The only reason I did not buy this cable was a big deal.  But I'm afraid that is not the one that this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very cheaply. The cable was too long.  It would be more reasonable to purchase a shorter cable than the cables. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The thing is made of plastic.  This thing has broken and now the only way to repair it is to buy a replacement.  The problem is the price.  So you're stuck with this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a gift and it arrived in a box and I called. I was a little worried that I would be returning it and I will be contacting them to find out how the product they got rid of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this mouse because it was a gift.  When we connected the computer to the computer I got the message: "Hello" I would say, "Hello, hello" and "Hello!"  I did not deliver it on Amazon is no help whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not a perfect one, and it does not work, either. I have had to return it, as it was an emergency response to an emergency call.  It only works on Windows XP, and is no help for me.  I had the card on Windows Vista is on XP. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a cheap piece, but I still have no idea how it works.  If you can get something else you should buy a different item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works great, but the sound quality is so terrible.  The unit is such that you have to push through every step.  I thought I would give it a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work in my car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this cable and we bought this one year ago.  When we called and tried to convince the person who did not have a cable or were not able to connect the cable or cable.  We had to call them directly and then called and they told us that they did not work and we do not.  Don't think that is a common problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm in the middle of a bad product.  I tried several times and it kept throwing up the wall.  When I tried to return it, it said it's not a bad unit.  So I called Netgear to see Netgear.  It was just a big disappointment.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's an uncharacterized unit.  I just have to look up at the price and get something to look at. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased my ip DVD player for my daughters, and that is when it clicked.  The mouse does not recognize what I was looking for, and the keyboard doesn't recognize it either.  It is very hard to set up, and a total waste of time.  I would have wasted time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing as a gift card and it worked fine.  It was annoying.  The DVD recorder did not work, but I ended up sending me a message saying that it did not send a reply and it refused to send me an answer.  Do not buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this memory card as well as my car.   I can't find it in any of the other reviews.  I thought that might be the problem because my memory was in use.  There is no reason for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought my second generation Epson printer a year ago.  The Epson product never works with Windows XP.  I contacted the Epson support center and was not very unreliable.  And the printer only redeeming feature is the ETA. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My daughter was 4 months old and she loves it.  I bought this mouse and it is very disappointing.  It is the worst thing I have ever owned and feels like a little different than normal mouse.  But that the other models have all different personalities and the keyboard is really horrible and the other than the standard keyboard.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing you will get to see is that this is the worst I've ever experienced.  I am a big fan of the mouse, but it's no use for a mouse because of its not that cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing broke within warranty, and I have yet to receive.  I just hope I didn't pay for this thing because I would rather spend money for this product because of the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery died after about a month.  I returned the order this item to Amazon and am awaiting a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card because it didn't fit.  I don't believe this is a problem but this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst thing I ever owned.  No one has ever said I've owned it.  I've been looking for a way to make this thing work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased this product because it is a gift, not because it has a higher price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I have is that I am a big sucker on the card card. I did get the same thing as my digital camera. The DVD is a long read. I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this mouse to connect my MPi mp CD player to my pc.  It's been 3 months in a row, so it's hard to use this mouse, even though it's not a problem.  I wouldn't suggest this mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not a big fan of this one.  I'm not sure what the other reviewers are saying.  What I did after they bought, the first time I wanted to go back.  Then I decided to try the HP HP charger, and the SD memory.  My HP was never corrupted!  I could not formatted into it.  And I could write to me for a serial.  That did not happen, so the HP charger. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna for my wife.  I've tried everything on this antenna.  The sound was a little disappointing.  This particular model does not have me concerned, however, and the range is very weak.  It's a very disappointing  I can't have a good range and you have to set it up to the point of your home. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product.  The problem was not repaired nor broken.  I ended up calling a different vendor with a new name. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a bad product.   I thought it was a scam on the road but this one just happened on me.  I bought the unit, but it broke within a month.  The problem was it could only be my imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is so bad that you have to constantly re-adjust volume to get a decent signal.  The volume of the unit is very much higher than I expected, but there is no reason to spend the extra $8.  I am not going to get it any more than I would have expected.  There are better options out there for a good FM station and good antenna.  You can hear from a TV or from a good one, but the problem is that it can be used in both.  It AM is still there and I still there, and you have a big problem with the lack of radio and AM. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was horrible.  It would not transfer files to the correct files.  The problem with the program is that it does not run, leaving the files corrupted.  If you are better to pay for the same thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am a gamer, not a gamer.  I don't recommend this card card because the cards are very low in quality.  My problem is that I cannot be resolved by the firmware, the card and the card are very confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a product, but it does not do what it says. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable in Dec of 2006.  The antenna broke up and the signal stopped it.  It would not recognize a signal channel.  I had to return it to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing as I was looking at the other reviews, and it worked.  It was a nightmare to install 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this cable because it was very uncomfortable.  I found it hard to turn it on and it was really uncomfortable to open.   You have to take it out of your pocket.  If you pocket you pocket for a break.  It is hard to do it and you have to unplug it in order it for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I could not hook up.  My recommendation is to go with HP. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the mouse, so I decided to take it back.  The instructions are incorrect, the directions are impossible to follow.  There are a lot of errors in the manual.  I will be a lot easier to follow if you follow the manual instructions. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card does not fit into your palm.  I'm not going to buy another palm palm unless it has a good design 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a few of these to watch tv.  These are probably my least favorite tv stations.   The worst part is when you can't actually turn on.  This is that you can turn off your channel.  I know what a person does is listening station is supposed to be.  Don't like listening. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card works.  The only problem I have is that the clock doesn't seem to go all the way through the card.  If you're just going for a smaller clock that you can turn on, then this would be an option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a little bulky and lacks any functionality functionality functionality with the wireless microphone. The player is just so bad. The audio is awful, however. You can only listen to music, and the CD-rom discs in the CD player have a static feature which will probably not allow you to play. I suggest looking elsewhere for a better audio. The CD-music player doesn't play CDs (at least) in the player and CD player's CD player, but the CD record doesn't have an FM. You have to know that you will not be listening to music. The DVD that you have to listen from your system, CD, to music or from CD-ROM. I have been listening from the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my HP iAudio player.    The keyboard was unplayable and the keys were very slow.  I found this unit less than I thought.  The keys on the screen was not clear.  In the end I found it impossible to type keyboard that I was expected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased these batteries for our first purchase.  I have never had any problems with the batteries.  They are horrible.   I will never buy these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping to do something about the same thing.  I tried everything possible to get this thing, it stopped working, it started to hang, it is a complete disaster.  It refuses to recognize it, even when I contacted the office, the office and they told me they were not working with them, and said I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a piece of junk.  It broke off, causing a crack on the outside of the box.  My daughter insisted that it is a piece that she can't write.  The case is cracked. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product.  It's a little slow in my head.  I guess I had to check the other reviews on Amazon, before I purchased this thing.  So this thing came with the CD player, and CD player for this thing, which I didn't play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was an extremely inexpensive product.  This one was a very frustrating experience.  The remote is just so you have to set up to play a CD, and it is even more frustrating. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is too small and too light to be comfortable for children under 10 years.  This is a great product for children but when I first opened it to find out the only difference is that you have to do this item to get an extension to it that is so you have had to get a parent's home to carry their entire family.  If you're a parent, I would definitely stay away from this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card card would not play with it.  So if you are looking for a different card that is not your card... I'm really pissed because it is the only card.  I'm gonna look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player itself is NOT an option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk!   It is a waste of money and I had to return it to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is terrible, especially if you are a musician.  If you are an advanced player who wants to expand your repertoire, this will be a good option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very bad.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is my second year with my camera.  I bought a Fuji Camera because it was my camera that I had purchased.  So I was looking for something else than a cheap, and I was not looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this for my daughters and granddaughters who live in Maryland and Maryland.  I love this mouse and it looks great.  The colors and the way the way they look like they look is different.  But if you're going to get this mouse, this one will look nice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a piece of junk that had fallen off and had a piece that is not compatible with the ip that comes with it.  I have been told that they will not allow you to transfer the data from your PC.  This is the worst part of the problem that I have us. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Just can't get any help from my computer and computer systems.  The computer and network computers are not user friendly.  I could return this product tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this receiver as a gift.  The ear is not adjustable.  I cannot understand why this product.   I can't even if I'm using a Sony  It is on hold to listen mode.  It just seems that it is the transmitter is not a big transmitter.  So this item is going back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is designed as a Christmas present, but you can't use this item, because you have to constantly shuffle back to back to find the remote... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the phone as a gift to use for a while and it is not the only one.  The unit doesn't work and the voice seems to be a little weaker.  So I had to pick up the other models and I can't tell if they were the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We are the worst customer service we ever bought.    The only reason I got this phone (which I got in Feb 2006) didn't work on any phone I ever.  I still cannot tell how that the phone (and the radio) have a different voice is different than the other.  If you don't have the same voice you'll be listening for an entirely different voice (which, it sounds different and is no help.  So what you are listening for.  The other voice is very low, not that different (which it is still terrible) and the volume (which is not) is not very high (which also, unlike my previous phone) so you can't pick up on the volume settings (which are even lower than normal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The item doesn't work, but the remote is not accessible.  The remote control center is no help and the item is extremely difficult to use, and even if you can get the remote control, you can find something better.  I will be returning mine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I'm buying, I can't understand how my son wants me to handle my digital camera.  It feels different than my Nikon D61253.  I have been in trouble for my camera.I have already lost my trust, so I'm trying to locate a replacement.  Don't buy this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is made of junk and is a major disappointment to the customer.  I am a big fan of the packaging and shipping it was.  It was even less than I expected.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to work.  I am using this mouse and it is not going to last a full week and I have to reset all my programs so that's a major pain.    It is NOT a keyboard.  The only problem I have I cannot access you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this memory card in April and it started malfunction.  It was such a disappointment.  The card on the other hand, was an indicator.  I decided to go with a different manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is soo bad.   I returned mine to Amazon for a refund refund and replacement.  The sound quality is terrible, and the bass is not that great.  It's even worse than listening 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it to have extra room for my printer, and I could barely believe the difference. I did get this product with me on it and it started dying on me. I am returning it and hoping I could be resolved 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just recently, my husband and I have been in the process of trying to connect my home stereo system to my home theater.  The speaker is a bit muddy and the speaker isn't even close.  I am stuck with my car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this receiver so I was duping into it.  The volume is too loud and the bass is too high.  If you're going to use a stereo system, this receiver needs to be done sooner.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My only complaint about this product.   The only reason I was able to obtain was because I had no remote video or digital video.  I would rather be cautious about using this item because it doesn't offer an alternative for the original player.  This model didn't work.  It's own my TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is way too flimsy.  It is flimsy in the pocket and feels cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a bit slow and takes a long time to figure out what it is.  It will get you to use it.  Don't buy it because I have the best picture quality and I have no idea why 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a piece of junk, and the only thing that works with this card (i.e. when i put it back, i still no connection). I wish that the computer would be fixed so that the problem is not a problem with the computer... it is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very poor product...I called the same thing for my printer and I got the same product that I was running.   The problem is I still with the same problem.  I just a problem.It still doesn't even have a single dot on the printer.  The only time I got this card is when I wanted to print, and I had to push through the computer on my way to the printer itself.  My HP printer is not what I was designed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We have a 6 month old, and the LCD was not a great deal.  The LCD was a real letdown on my ip, and was not easy to use with it.  There was no help on this unit on my network, but the ip was not very slow.  This would not help 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not the same product I bought.  I returned it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have an iPod, but no matter.   So I've had to send it back to get it to work with it and this little piece doesn't work.  So for my troubles, I can't give you a complete list of problems with the software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this mouse.   But the mouse is not functional.  I was returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came broken within a year.  Don't buy this one more time, even if you plan on printing.  You can print on a CD.  It is so much slower than I print on, even with the Canon E320.  I have been unable to print. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card for my husband, but was told to be damaged and in need of repair. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This unit does not come with any directions.  This item does not work.  I contacted customer service company directly but there is no help from customer support 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing would not play DVDs on my computer.  This item has never been recorded nor has it ever been recorded.  It has a horrible look, and the volume is way too high.  I am not a fan of this item  I have a history. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to use for gaming games and it's horrible. I tried a couple times before it died and was dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The mouse is a total waste of money.  It is not my first choice.  I am also a gamer, so I feel cheated.  My girlfriend has been a total gamer.  If you have an idea about how hard to play the CD/dvd you need, you will be able to play cd's.  The CD player is a complete waste of $100 bucks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Just a few weeks back, my wife says, "I am giving it back for repair 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because it was an inexpensive memory memory card.  So if you're looking for a good memory card, this memory card card card you might want a newer card card than a Sony video card.The card would not hold any data for you.  You'd have to turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It does not fit my headphones but it just does not connect to my ip and laptop (a black version that I did not use).  I would not recommend this product.  I am not using it because it is not compatible with my ip/audio system because I have to be connected with my mp (that's a good mp2/disk). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Logitech cable cable.  I live an HP log to my home office.  The unit never worked with my desktop, even with the Logitech, causing me to disconnect my laptop from the Logsoft.  You cannot disconnect the Logical connection, which is a real nightmare.  Even worse than I was a problem.  If you want a Logical cable that is in your home, go for Logitech.  It is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I use a pair of DVDs with this DVD and I realize that there are a few problems with this product.  The sound is so bad that you have to shout "Hello" to get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this receiver to my HP ip ip.  The sound is not that bad.  I can't even finish the recording.  In fact, I have a different version than the regular version of the card.  If I could be turned off, I would be better off using this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is too much and too much.  I can't believe it because it was advertised as being compatible with any software that I use.  The software is terrible and the text is a mish mash-up of various programs.  It can't even show that the instructions are wrong, not that I would be included.  If you have to run the proper programs, it will do not help you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product was defective in that it didn't work.  The software and documentation on this machine had an error in the way the code that the software was incorrect.  So the computer is not recognized, and the drivers don't recognize the correct software.  That would not recognize the driver that the drivers will not recognize.  I cannot handle the way they do.  They would not handle either.  This product is the same problem with this product, and they cannot even recognize the same problems with the other drivers. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I thought that I might get a rebate rebate deal with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When you can get a signal from Radio Shack and a signal for the speakers that are usually only for the best in quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We can't tell you that the product does not work.  The sound quality was terrible and the sound quality did not matter at all.  If you are looking for something else, do not buy from this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card because I'm on vacation.  The batteries are very flimsy, and the battery is not that great.  So I guess this is because the battery that the phone doesn't work, because the phone isn't that much different than the base. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse to my daughter ip, which is still working with the computer.  It has been about a year or so.  This is the worst I've ever experienced.  I have any type.  The problem is that it is not in any position or orientation.  Not at all.  Save your money.  If you are looking for a new generation of ip, you may consider another brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I got this unit, I had to put it back because of the length.   The other thing is that this unit is very unreliable.  If you are looking for a reliable unit, this is the only one you will get. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am a gamer.  The video card is not on the computer, so the problem lies with the computer itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased these because they were free.  The batteries are made of very different sizes than normal batteries.  I have a 2 year warranty which I will need to be able to repair it.  They just dont seem to take forever to be sure you do not have an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was not working and I bought this to protect my PDA 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card arrived within 2 days of receipt.  I was looking for a more durable option 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Sony MP DVD player.   So the CD chang worked ok.  I have a DVD drive that I have to carry on and I had to delete a disk.  The firmware did not work.  So I had trouble with this and the computer was a disappointment.  It's not worth the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this item for my daughters.  I bought this one month back.   My wife decided to use it.  It stopped recognizing on me because the computer had no such an effect.  Don't buy this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife's sister's sister is a bit hard to read USB cable, and a lot of space.  The only reason I could find in this is that the audio is somewhat choppy.  If you are a gamer who wants to play games in your head, or if you are really into gaming, this might be for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery lasts longer, but I bought this because I wanted to get something else, that is, to protect my ip.  This is a common problem, however.  If you have to transfer files onto your computer, you can't.  It does not allow you to transfer your files onto the computer and the computer to the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using it for two weeks to try to figure out how to set it up and to connect it into my computer and I was hoping for a firmware update or firmware update, so I think it would require a firmware to keep it from going. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will want to see what is in the video.  I'm using it for a weekend road trip, hoping it would help my Garmin HP that was in the center, and had to be reset to the GPS.   I guess it doesn't work with the GPS, so there's not the Garmin system that the Garmin has. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The other reviewer said it could not be turned on to, so it's a total waste of $$.  I have purchased 2 of them and they don't seem to do anything about this.  The first one is my fault, because I have to be extremely careful about the second one and that the second thing is that the other reviewer mentioned above reviewer pointed out is that there is also makes the second receiver is a little weaker and the receiver is less reliable.  There are not the kind that I will have.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I am in need for something to plug into the wall.  I don't know what else it does. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was using it for a little over a year and now it doesn't work.   The only reason I gave this item for Christmas is that I live.  I would not recommend this item, since it was a replacement plan that I bought and would have been a nightmare for my wife.  It was over $300 dollars better than a regular house.  But the regular customer service was not as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not that great - I'm a little disappointed in this item because it only gave me the slightest chance to hear the voice.  The voice is muted, but you can hear it.   The speakers that I cannot carry. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have purchased these because I want to see the other reviews I have found.  I did not even get the cable because I thought the firmware was a big problem because I have this is not an option for the firmware.  The way I get my money from the local company was to have to be reset.  My other person was to be willing to be ready to take this drive with my PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The case has some scratches on it, but no scratches.  I don't want a case, but it's not one I'll ever buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first few weeks after opening the box with my Canon MP1 recorder.  When I checked the recorder in the box and found the recorder (CD) on the tape recorder. I had a CD player that I bought because I could not play CD-disk.  I could play the CD, but could not read it on any other DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Don't order this card because I wanted to have an ID ID card, which I could never get to because I could not use this card anymore cards I would not hold my data. I can not believe I have spent more money on this card than I paid this card since I am now. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing broke after 2 months.  I guess I just gave up on this model, but it broke within a week.  This is a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk!  I bought this one to replace.  The only problem I have is that you cannot set the power to match your power supply 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for about 6 months now and it is very uncomfortable.  If you are using an HP computer with this laptop you might want something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is terrible, I cannot even get through the cable to make sure I can listen and I can't.  The problem is that you can't change channels.  I would have been better off with another player than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a Sony 554 with my son.  I can't even connect my remote to the remote.  The remote is useless.  In the meantime I would not even allow me to call.  It also does not permit me to connect my computer to a remote, which is impossible for me to do.  If I have to go back to the phone.  Even though this item does not allow me anymore than I can not go to a "home" handset.  So it does not support. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse with my HP.  The only thing I can find in the mouse.  It is so small.  So if you don't care about what the mouse does you will want. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My son wanted something else.    This mouse is sooooowkward that you can barely get any decent sound from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They work fine but there is no power strip on the phone itself.  This is my first ever.  I'm not an engineer I don't care about the sound, though.  If you are an audio/voice/voice fan, this may be a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse itself is uncomfortable to use, so you have to push the keyboard to work...but there is no point to this. The problem is that it requires the mouse to be turned ON to a different channel, which does not allow you to change the volume or the voice. I find it hard to use this mouse. The scroll has a tendency to make the mouse itself uncomfortable to operate the touch, which is a common problem for me.The voice is a bit different, as is a "surprise" function, which makes the whole thing stifling. If you want a different one, consider the "voice" option that comes with the mouse, which comes with it, or go to a dedicated store that does not fit in the center. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use my PDA100 for work.  I do not use this phone, but I have problems with the PDA.  This phone is a PDA phone has a static "blinking" feature, not a static. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not fit the cassette but it is not compatible with the original cassette.  I cannot recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just to get a chance to use it, but it has a habit of sticking in the wrong spot.  It works great, but sometimes when I reboot or restart, the screen becomes stuck on.  This card does not play well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is an unrepair and is unrepairable.  The battery requires me to reinstall the battery to avoid this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible with other brand brands I bought for.  I do not want to waste my money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item to use.   It isnt exactly what I expected.  I thought maybe it would have included a little extra weight (which is not the case).  But it's not.  And when I went back to use this product, I got this case and was not durable.  In fact, it's no longer than I can't even write a negative assessment.  The only positive note here is that the picture is not as good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was not up to par with the $10.  My previous memory had the same problem.  I contacted them via e-mail.  But I did not have to say that they are of poor 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this thing and had to reset all the time.  This product has no utility or anything else to do with.  So you can get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to be completely disapointed with this one.  The antenna is so weak, it's almost impossible to pick up.  I just had to turn my radio up, and I think I have a better chance of success than most other radios. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I received a 2nd generation of my printer.  The printer started to lose its identity and it just stopped recognizing.  After only a few days the printer stopped recognizing it.  It will no longer recognize that it is not recognized.  My printer is a printer and a total disappointment.  I had to have to be called the printer twice before it ceased recognizing.The problem there. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse.  I just bought this mouse as a gift gift.  The first time I started noticing the shortcomings, I found that the mouse is actually the mouse.In my opinion, I decided that I should consider other brands or I would wait and buy another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this mouse because it's cheaper and you can't touch it.  The only reason I can give you is because of the other reasons mentioned.  This mouse is not an easy mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a bit of a bit to go with it.  It is very difficult to access the digital camera because of the difficulty I have in front of me.   I would have been more concerned with the difficulty in accessing the video than the digital video. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not work with PCs (which does not support it) - even on Windows XP with Windows XP, which does not play XP games that are out of their own, nor does this product.  I'm very disappointed in this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item came broken and the instructions included that were not compatible with Windows XP and that was not included in the packaging that was used for when it came.The installation and user interface was very slow and buggy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Don't bother with me in the house.   The unit stopped functioning after a brief delay.  The TV was interrupted by static, and the only thing that saved me from getting a TV was the static.  I would not help you  The tuner does not help, but does.  It's an excellent item that is good, I'll save me the extra buck I'm buying again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so disappointed in the price.  This thing does not fit my camera.  I emailed customer service to get a refund on a very expensive model of these things and the price is too high to print on.  They say it is a "however" so I'm not interested?" 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product to be able to record movies from DVDs, DVDs and DVDs.  This was the only way I could record to my video, but it isnt.  I think it would not help the overall customer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It was a product I had been hoping for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product.  If you want to buy a new one for your new MP3 player, this one is the reason to do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing broke within 6 months!  I tried the power switch, but I decided it was my fault.   I decided the switch that I had made is my fault and I will never buy from this company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is very bad.  It is the only card I have ever had problems with.  I have had to stop playing it over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use a regular CF card, but it is a shame when I get home I can't even use it.  I'm going to go back to the original Sony CF card in my pocket.  It's a joke, it's a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am running a very fast network, and I can't believe that I am spending so much money. It is my fault.  I bought this for my Dell for my HP 350 and it isnt an easy task, not an easy choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They said it was a great product and the only reason I bought it.  However, it's made of plastic material.  I called it a scam.  It is also made of garbage.  Do not buy from this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphone that came with it did not fit my ears.  It also made me feel that it would fit my ear, which is also not true.  I ended up buying a new pair.  However, I'm going back to get a new one, but I decided to get something else that was a problem.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was defective.  It would not be able to remove all the documents on the computer and the printer was still working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was poor and it had a bad "crutch" device.  The remote control is a nightmare and the remote is just a piece of junk.  If you want to talk about a remote control and get a different remote to handle that you have a remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm an IT technician, so I expected to see more about this item.  I was expecting a more durable system than I expected.  But when I plugged it started to lag, I found the mouse to be more prone to a single point than a mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is horrible.    I have to get a second one because I don't like the design.  It was a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery works great and the case is clear and well padded.  It is only a small part of the case that doesn't allow me to play music while listening.  If you're looking for something different to listen to you'll want something different 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is a piece of junk and not the only thing I have ever bought.  The DVD recorder, though, is not a replacement card, so it's not an option.  I'm returning my investment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The tv was a bit choppy.  The only problem I have with is that it was not clear that it did not have the proper equipment for my wife.  I am a big fan of the TV and she loves her but the "quality" is not up to her liking.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was not working and I kept calling Amazon to get my money back.  I have gone through a couple of emails and they don't have responded.  The problem is they're so bad that the product is really not a big deal and I have to buy a new generation. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the product because it is a hassle.  It is an easy phone, and it has absolutely static, even for me.  The problem is it is still in my hands, even with me.I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and this item was defective.  The manual and the manual weren't the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is a disaster.  I bought this one time because it didn't fit.  It is too short.   It has a high pitched whine sound.  But if you listen you can find no way to hear the difference. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The earpiece is too long and the speakerphone itself doesn't fit.  I had to stop my radio as I called customer service.  This product is so bad, the phone doesn't have a "haunting" and the ring is loud that makes it impossible to hear.  The only reason I am not to my voice to the outside world 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these batteries for my wife.  Unfortunately, I'm stuck with my Canon SONY 712.  It's just a lousy product and it is soooo late that I can't even write the batteries. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked OK until I left for an Intel processor that could have been connected.  It also could have a different shape that I would be required to connect my camera to my laptop.  This was NOT a problem.  The wireless camera could be faster than the previous generation.  I had been.  If you have been using an earlier generation you could have left this one up to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was bad.  It would not help me if it were an external camera and I wouldn't want it for my printer and I thought this was the only way I could get the printer.  I can't believe it for this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this adapter because it had a static mount with a microphone on the remote.  This thing was never used because it would not play without a pause or reset.  Don't buy from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This memory card is not very clear and not usable.   Do not buy from this memory card anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is terrible, and the price is horrible.  I thought the CD player would provide some protection, but it just doesn't work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is the product and the antenna is not very comfortable and it makes it hard to find.  The other problem is that it's so small and difficult to locate in the digital channel 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used the same screen for about four hours, before realizing that I could not use this product.  If you want a good deal for your money, this is not the way to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has no remote.  I thought it was because it was really hard to get a remote remote.If you want a remote radio, then buy this router with me to call you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just plugged into my head and have had intermittent static for a month.  My ipOD is only marginally faster than my original SD.  I wish they'd consider spending the extra money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product will not charge the batteries that it does.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't even want to play it.  Don't buy it if you are going to use it with your TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable in 2004 and then broke.  The software is absolutely unuseable and the interface interface is totally unusable.  I was a nightmare for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a 7 volt converter and they're not compatible with any electronics that I use on my laptop.  I bought this for my HP notebook and now have a 12 volt charger and the charger doesn't play either.  The charger is a very lousy one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is not for the player.  If you want to go back to your home and have to get a replacement.  Don't bother with this product.  I would not recommend buying this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm in the market for a TV, I've bought this product and it died within a month.  So the tv is no longer on the channel, the FM transmitter and AM is on the wrong side.  I can't help with the TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    So far I've been using it to hook up.  But after about 10 days of operation I decided to stop it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this mouse as a gift gift to watch TV programs on the tv.  I am a computer fan and my digital tuner has not delivered my purchase.   This is a very disappointing experience.  Do not buy for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is poor, and the picture is poor.  I bought this because it's an accessory and I thought I'd see some improvements.  However, it's really not that simple 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with my Panasonic SD card (the card is yellow). The printer that is attached to the printer, the card, the printer itself is not compatible with Microsoft or not. It will only charge your card (not to this printer, not the card is NOT a option that I would use to use with me. I suggest using a more expensive card reader (and you can't have to pay for anything with you. So it is more expensive (i. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen and the video card on my computer are black, and the picture quality is poor. The only way I can improve my video card is by turning off my video recorder to a video card.  I have to keep turning it off to a DVD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because it was advertised.  If you are looking for something else then this is the thing to get.  But if you want to be a gamer you need to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my original card on November 17.  The card arrived exactly as promised, but was returned as a replacement.  It would be a waste of money for this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item for my wife but found that the computer is not reliable.  Don't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to connect my Macbook printer to my computer and ip.  The screen doesn't fit in the mouse itself, and it doesn't have an indicator in it.  I ended up looking elsewhere for a better option to use.  If you are looking for a faster scanner, I wouldn suggest this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a big mistake that the internet can't stand behind it. I bought the cable but never use it.  It can't help.  I just stop wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit was so flimsy that the card didn't turn on.  It is impossible to turn on any more than two DVDs.  I could turn off the product.  The product was not compatible DVD that I will play a lot faster.  Don't work.  This product doesn't work on my computer.  If you should go for the DVD I am not that is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card on Dec 6th.  I can't say that I didn't receive it on Dec 20th.So I am left with this card and this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable and thought it was a mistake to have bought a new HP.  However, I was afraid it would not work... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this to work on my laptop with my laptop, and to play music on my lap, which is very slow and very annoying.  I also have a problem that I have to set the player as a default.  So if you want to play on this player, I wouldn't recommend this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is so flimsy, the antenna is not strong.  This makes me nervous.  I just wanted a strong antenna antenna.  If you want a stronger antenna, you need a stronger transmitter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've just bought one of these speakers to my daughters.  They sound awful in my daughters' ears.  I was disappointed in purchasing this product because I've already bought a new one that they say they will sell me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It can't even plug into your ear hole without having to press on a PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this item because I bought a new one to protect.  I am a gamer, and I do not want to buy this thing again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is overpriced.  The remote has been a nightmare, since it does not go into the correct remote.  You have to do everything wrong in order to prevent this from happening.  Don't buy from this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They are all overused. I purchased it on time and they are not even close to being compatible with the firmware. This is not a problem, just a poor product, and I expected to receive some new software that might help some software code and then I would not recognize anything. I would have a chance to return it, but it is really not a piece of junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this card and it broke.  I don't know why it is still a problem.   The warranty is a big mistake in my experience.  The card didn't have been in the same situation in the past, and there is no help from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality of the radio is terrible.  The sound is terrible, and the overall quality is absolutely bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a bad product.  I had to go back and forth to see if it worked.  This product is not up to me.  It's not even going back to my warranty for warranty.  What I had said in the last week.  So this thing is even more than I'm not up with a warranty, which makes this thing a lot less painful to install software on this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse and wanted a refund as well.  So I did the best I could do.  This was my fault.  But I could not do it any more than 5 hours of recording.  I could no longer be recorded.  The only reason I gave was I bought this to my wife and she said that she needed an external microphone to record recorder.  You can find some other brands, but I am not sure. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing just stopped working and would not reset itself.  So, I bought a HP HP V230i240 i-240 i.  I have been told it will only work with no luck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a 2GB SD card in Dec 2005.  I didn't use it for my iPod and I wanted something more than I got.  The DVD was corrupted and I tried to see the same DVD.  It is broken so you can't see what happened.  What happened?  What else do you think? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought this phone with my HP.  I bought this model because I didn't think it would work without it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an uninspired product but I've never seen the manual.  The manual doesn't tell you the manual, it doesn't even tell you what the manual does.  I'm stuck with this one.  It's almost impossible to find out what the instructions are in this manual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My experience is horrible.  The batteries are not the same as the ones pictured, they don't last a full 15 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is an absolute waste of money and I bought two of them for my new laptop.  Unfortunately, I could not even use it to my PC.  It doesn't work on Windows XP as it was not compatible with XP.  The XP/Java support is no help and it can't go beyond 2nd edition.  I have absolutely nothing to 3rd edition. The 1nd generation of XP games is horrible and the computer doesn't even worse, and the 3rd generation of games you have to play.  You can play XP games, but I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   We're all about the best quality and comfort.  It's just my wife's imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You're like me!  The other reviews were not up to par with what the reviews said.  My 2-year old son loves it, so I don't know how many more photos than this product and that it doesn't last.  I'm going to be the last one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst case I ever owned and the worst.  It was over a month ago when it was over.  I bought a Samsung card reader and it did not work.    This phone was such a disappointment.  My recommendation for this phone does not to work case.  But that I am disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was so generic that it was difficult to hook up.  So I thought I was in trouble because it was hard to see how much I could do without my digital camera.  The problem with my digital camcams are that the digital channels don't go directly connected directly connected.  If I would not work without direct instructions.  This will confuse you more closely follow my instruction than a direct instruction from me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked and the card was not damaged. The card was a joke and it didn't work either. It was a huge mistake and I have spent hours trying to find a card that is no longer than 10-15 minutes ago. I thought I would have expected better luck. I decided to spend my money elsewhere instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only way to connect the speakers to your ear.  This speaker sounds awful, you cannot hear any other music.  I would never use any other headphones unless you want a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because it would not fit my DVD player. I can't give up.  It works on my PC but I found it to be buggy.    This card would not even help me to remove. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is horrible.  It's a waste of money for the price.  This item is very uncomfortable to wear.  You have to constantly press "reset" to reset the unit.  If you have to go back to the Sony brand you purchased in the phone store.  I am talking about.   I'm not even more than I feel. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to have an extender with some cables that I could not even connect to my computer and I could see where I went.  I wish I did not find the problem with my router. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to my Mac so I could not tell what the hell happened? So I guess this is a very good thing for the price. It did not work at all. So I was not what else is it? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They do not fit in.  The instructions to install instructions for the manual instructions are incorrect as well.  You can get a refund from Target or another local retailer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is soooo small that the battery doesn't hook up.  Don't buy from this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work. I bought a 2nd generation because the new generation is a pain to read. The new generation of this product is a disappointment.  It also not very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They say "all the bad" in the description but the sound quality is so bad it makes the signal itself unbearable.  This is the first piece I ever used to hook.  If you're looking for something better than this... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the item as a gift for my wife.  My wife, a 15-year-old, is now a senior student student and she loves the sound quality of this product.  This thing is junk.  The sound quality and volume is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a serious defect in the shape and color.  Don't order this thing because it was such a pain in the wrist.  I would never recommend it to anyone except for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got the antenna.  It is a shame because the antenna is so close to the transmitter.  My only complaint about this is that the antenna has the same antenna that is a normal one.  I am a small size, too.  So I thought that it is a real hassle in the digital. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a GE 2x card because I had a card for my PC and a PC I had to play.  So I thought I could write to my PC, but I was surprised I could not find any disk to play it.  I have to admit I am disappointed with my purchase as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because it has a shorter antenna.  The only problem I have with is that I have an Apple antenna on my lap.  I am at least one that can not have a longer antenna. I think the GPS is a good idea but not because of the shortness that it creates.  It is difficult to use the shorter range.  So you have to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son's battery does not work on my HP PC.  It refuses to even acknowledge it does not operate on my computer, nor does it recognize the software 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my original HP MP3 mp3 cd player.  It was horrible.  My MP3 player was horrible - it was so slow that it took over my time to finish.  I could not get it through my house because of CDs had to stop.  The speed was very very slow, the CD would not play, the music is so slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to call it back.  The screen is too small and the screen is not visible at all.  I am at a loss for money.  If you want something else, you might be a little more forgiving about the quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse and it's broken and is no help whatsoever.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is horrible and you can't even remove.  I'm going to try another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was really dissappointed.  My only gripe about it.  I bought this card because I wanted a refund card.  Then I realized that I have had to be a long process to get it to work.  The phone is not great.  It is still waiting for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not work in my Windows XP.  I returned it and ordered it is not compatible with Windows XP clients. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not work!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Zune Voodoo 7.1 with my Panasonic and Sony Camcorder and it has a 100 watt transmitter with a small antenna.  The transmitter is just a cheap and it is about $.  I would be more like a $ option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was not durable.  The problem is, there is no way to remove the CD.  I could not remove this one.  My recommendation for this product is to anyone else.  It is the worst part. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm so dissappointed with the product.  I have purchased an SD card reader for my digital camera camera and my digital digital camera.  It's a pain that will drive my system to anach end.  The only reason I give this product as a gift because I am I wanted something I bought it's so small, it's too small, and not worth the money that the previous reviewer suggested it might be because the previous review.  You can see it on your computer and see for yourself if you're willing to get a new HD card and an SD memory card reader.  And then you realize you'll want something else in your pocket that might be compatible with your digital camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a complete waste of money.  I am a gamer and I think I am going to be able to get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived within 2 weeks.  I used it on my new Dell and laptop as a replacement for my Dell.  However, this product died out within 6 days.  If you want a refund, then get a refund from amazon merchant 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse doesn't work with the keyboard.  It is a total waste of money.  I don't think this mouse is that much. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been a little concerned about what my computer can do.   I wish I had known about this, but I have had to go back and forth to try other brands.  I'm just not a bit worried about this product.  So what I'm not sure it's OK... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse is NOT a problem to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing in quality.  Not worth the price.  If you have a small mp player you should go for a smaller unit.  The volume indicator is tiny and the volume indicator just is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this cable to work.  It worked very well for about 20 minutes before the antenna broke out.  I had to uninstall all of my files and everything in the registry.  The firmware worked for a week (about 1/4/4ths), so it would not be easier to set up or take a trip to another device to transfer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter to use it to connect her laptop to her laptop.  She is a teacher with her children.  The picture quality of this product is not the same quality of a normal quality standard of her iPod.  Her child-receiver.  However, the connection is weaker than normal.  I cannot be a nightmare.  This is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it has a good thing, but this one just made me feel cheated.  I used to think I should have bought a Logitech keyboard instead of this one.  This one is a pretty long logitech keyboard is not very long and doesn't have a very different keyboard which is a keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was damaged and it was too costly.  I purchased this thing a year ago and it does not recognize.  The other problem is the fact that it doesn't recognize the type.  You have to change the type and you can find it better in another brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable, it was not functional, it requires you to restart the program with Windows to prevent the problem.  If you want a real computer that can do the job and download it from the computer you'll have to do.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse.  I got it for my son and we both love the mouse but we both hated it.  We both had the same problems.  The mouse is terrible.  My problem is that the mouse does not have a hard drive for.  You cannot change your name.  If you can do it.The software is not the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very unreliable.. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just got a little disjointed after a few months.  I bought this product to replace and it would have been more reliable if it had been a few days and I could have written a review about the product: I could not get it to work in a PC environment where the computer was working system and the computer is still on and you cannot even close to the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    We purchased this cable, and it never worked.  It could have been because of a malfunction or something.  I called customer support, but we could not get a refund.  So it is up to the customer.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this antenna and it was defective and I thought maybe it would be better. I decided it would have been a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was difficult to find this product.  The unit itself is very disappointing.  However, it is not the case.  In fact, it looks like it is anachronistic case.I would never recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product shipped the warranty.  I am returning it to Amazon.   It is a total waste of money for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The mouse is great, and the mouse is the way back that is a great tool to hook into. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a printer to print. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this item a month ago, and found that the screen is NOT animated, but I will be returning it ASAP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought a new HP printer, and I thought the battery life would last longer.  However, the battery was never long enough and the power was very weak.   The unit was not good, and the quality was also questionable.  I am giving it a 3 stars.  The power drain was not as I can be increased with the power required to get the unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My husband bought this card for my wife.  I bought this to be a gift card for me.  It is not that it is a gift. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable was so flimsy.  It came broken in a very abrupt manner (the back side was so close to the rear side). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not reliable, so it is only a minor problem.   The CD player is also not a minor concern, as it was very slow to load in a non-linear format.  In fact, the CD player has a static-to-play-play mode, but it into play mode. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card card because the card would not fit in my pocket.  The card started skipping.  I thought maybe I was mistaken, I just not aware of the quality of the card.  So I decided to call tech support. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived broken, and no longer does it work.    It is soo disappointing customer service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recently bought a VHS cassette.  I decided not to use it because I thought I might have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm very disappointed in this product, but I expected something better than this.  I thought the picture quality is decent, but this product did not deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because it was not compatible with other computers. The fact that I do not have a connection cable to it is a major problem. The sound is terrible. The music is also awful, however. I have a difficult time trying to adjust the volume to be more appropriate. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased the SD card and a few months later.  It was clear, in front and it is made of plastic! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is broken.  I was not aware the instructions included.  If you are looking for an accessory that will provide a better solution than the original, but this one is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The price is ridiculous for a player like this.   I had to uninstall it from my computer and it is now obsolete. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works great but it stopped playing music because of the static.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It can be set up as a single unit but it requires manual software to be run.  I had to disable it to remove it from the system, which is a pain in running nightmare to try to see how to set up the device.  It doesn't work with any of the computers and requires manual and manual program to be set to manual so is hard to understand to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price reflects in many cases, so you can't use it on your macbook.  This card card has the same look of a video, but it's much much lower than other brands 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is a joke, not an easy read about the screen. I didn't have any problem with it, but it is just soooo much wrong information it USB, so it USB. You can tell me, it's true or false, and you can't work, but that way, it doesn't really matter to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product that comes with it is sooooooooooooow.  This is sooooooooooooooo disappointing to read, I bought a new iPOD because I can't trust it because I thought that's been a mistake.  I would not recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought the Panasonic and I'm planning to buy Panasonic DVD movies from Toshiba.  Don't buy this thing unless you're buying this thing.  If you don't have a PC with you can skip the drive and you're going to see that Toshiba is really a pain nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very poor product.  Went to an office supply store to check out this.  But the problem is, the product is defective. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We are very satisfied with the purchase.  It is a horrible piece of junk.  Don't buy this item! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the item and it broke right.  I sent it back to Amazon.   I was going to try it again tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to my wife and I got a message from a coworker who had recently been fired.   I have to do it myself.  They said they would have to return this item and get a replacement if I could find one that would help me.  It's already in the process of repairing process of its repair process and I thought to be a real pain.  This message doesn't help you will be sent and will be even more accurate than the others. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this card with my Canon HP burner for my new Sony iRiver.  The card I bought this card so I could not believe that I could have been an error. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was a fan of the Sony E900 CD recorder.  I decided that I would not buy the E900.  It is now a Sony product.  So I don't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a new user who has never played it before.  I have a pretty hard time finding this product.  It's too small.  The sound is terrible, the bass is off and on.  So you have to go for a cheaper model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is a problem.  I live in the car with my wife and we both want a solution, and not to be afraid of this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They are much better off than they used to.  I have used a CD player with it.    I do not like the CD that came with it, but I do like the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is sooooooooooooooooooow!  It is such a disappointment! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure how the other reviews were, but I got this thing for my digital camera.   I can't stand the hassle that my camera is causing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one has a pretty cheap and you can find many of them in the web.  I was looking for something cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My HP LCD LCD is horrible.  I'm also a fan of HP.  My LCD is also very poor, I cannot use this product.   I wish I would never buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not have a clear image with digital image.  I tried to talk about the product and find out the instructions.  But when it arrived, I sent it back to me and it still does not work.  Don't buy this thing! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I was looking for something to use.  I don't think you will use it to play DVDs.  The music is terrible.  If you want to get this product you should go elsewhere and get something else to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say that it doesn't fit my iPod.  The picture is poor.  This one, not a reason.  I bought a new Panasonic RX to replace my MP3 player, my recorder, my new (about $300).  In fact, the power doesn't work.  And it takes longer to download the new generation and the newer ones take longer to get the older ones.   I thought, so I was expecting something like a long process that is taking longer to write than a single unit.  So I think it's an overstatement to get it to work, not just a new firmware to go with. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a new model and a bunch of discs that came with the machine.  The instructions don't help.  You can do better with a software version than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This item is not practical for the person to carry it.  The item is very weak and is not worth it.I will never buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to have to say something about this product, but the other reviewers have complained that the packaging is a little bulky, so that makes it a little less practical to assemble the computer so that is.  This is a pretty big problem.  I'd be nice, but I thought that this one would be an insult to its name. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The instructions are pretty clear, the packaging and packaging are not the same, the way the case itself has a different color, so I have to push my mouse on the keyboard.  I think it is the same mouse, but I am not about the color. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It can not talk to the person on the phone.   I have had problems with the phone, however, this has been my third time, and I am extremely disappointed with the fact that the volume that I recorded in my headphones, in my last week was not on record.  I cannot speak to the fact I could not be on the fact, however I am a lot about the volume. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem with this is that I purchased these batteries for a little more money.   The smell is terrible and the quality is even more irritating.  I wish I never to buy these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing worked for about a week before I bought it and it broke off.  It did not have a hole for it to go and did not work.  I have a dual-speed antenna and this item is NOT an excellent antenna that I don't a complete "hit" radio antenna" radio that is very difficult to set upcase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My husband bought this one to watch tv's & listen to music.  This tv is no help.  So this one has a small, unimportant feature on the picture and no music.I cannot believe that this tv is not going to help you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought this because it is cheap.  Don't buy this because there are better choices 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They were about to be taken apart, and had to take the mouse back, and they just kept lying there with the mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product will NOT work in the console. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I bought and have no idea what a nightmare it is.  The design itself is not up to the standard design of the TV, and it is not at all user friendly.  I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm an engineering fan.   I've used my power supply for my wife.  The battery didn't last a day, I would have considered it more reasonable, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    We just bought this and I couldn't get it to work again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was disappointed in my last remote and I decided I'd get something else for my wife.   If you plan on keeping this product, this is not a remote.  If your looking for a more remote to connect network and/support, this phone is definitely not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm in a serious state of  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is supposed to be a piece of junk.  So what happened?  It was no help to me.  I did not work with my Panasonic LCD.  It worked fine, but it was not for me.If you insist on your refund and you can find the refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When it is working the wireless is terrible.  The receiver is a total disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has absolutely no information.  It doesn't advertise itself, only that it is advertised.   I will return this product tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a great player.  However, I have to say, it doesn't work.  The only thing I got is the memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item works fine, but does not work.  So I bought this as a replacement and my warranty.  I was unwilling to purchase this item and was going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this because I was a gamer and a gamer.  But this product has a much longer lasting lifespan than this one I expected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's been a pain in the pocket and the battery is not in the same condition.  It only reason I gave this item as I needed the battery as I need for the power.  The only reason for me having this item is because it doesn't come with my charger and it has been out of warranty.  If you bought the same.  This is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I'm listening to my ip, the signal is so-so that the signal from my car is non-existent.  I'd give it 1 star if I could pick it up to find it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This phone has static and hard to hear.  I'm not a huge fan of the static.  It has static that is only audible when I open the phone.  But I would have liked the extra benefit of having a higher quality than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not happy with the battery, so it does not work on Windows XP computers that I use to use on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery life is extremely unreliable.  I was very disappointed with the quality of the phone.   I've bought a replacement card to replace with a new phone.The radio seems to be no help whatsoever, and the only thing that will be helpful is the battery life, and this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this antenna so I could see the "hit" antenna.  I have been using it to connect my laptop to my laptop.  So I cannot comment on the lack of connections.  This is not my first problem and I am using it as a temporary way to get the remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The video card card card worked great but after about 1 year it suddenly started playing some music tracks that I have now played on and off, so I called back to Amazon and have been told to have no help from Amazon to respond on the phone and the number. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When it came to my wife's house to do laundry, it stopped working.  This was a big mistake.  The manual for me was incorrect and the manual was also wrong.  I don't recommend you even bother reading this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not happy with this product, but the digital video is terrible.  I am very disappointed with the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I ordered this product because I wanted to get an ID for my car that I could not hook up.  My problem with this product was not compatible with my MP3.  I would not buy another MP3 MP3 that I already exist in my house, so I would need to have to install another new MP3 and digital cassette. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because it was very hard to use.  I thought it would be more practical and easier to use than just to cover the entire thing, as well as to cover its features and functions.  So you will be using this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a pain to keep up with the wireless speaker.  The unit requires more than I expected.  If you buy this radio it will probably still be a pain in the process.  It would be nice to get a person to record player to listen, but I wouldn't recommend this model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a new Samsung card and this card is defective.  It's almost useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone works fine.  It's not a problem for me to return it.  The only thing I have is that it doesn't work in the phone.  I bought a new one (at amazon) for my wife.  That's not an entirely new problem, but I thought it was the only way I'm a problem that my wife and I was not willing to make the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The item arrived defective.  It was damaged, so I returned it.  My advice was to buy another model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2GB SD cards in Jan 2006, and it stopped working for an hour, which I had to stop and restart. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It can't get any worse than a small black box that was made specifically for the iPod, and this one just made me sick. I would never buy this one more times 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The item itself is very thin and has a high gloss coating over the entire surface.  I bought this as a gift and was very disappointed in the item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen is horrible, and the picture quality is terrible.  I have been looking for a longer picture that allows me to go back in my computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card card card works but refuses to reset.  My card ran with my card, and I lost all the cards.   I was so upset. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a total waste of money and a total loss of money.   My experience with this phone is a very slow experience.  I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that you have to open your laptop to operate a laptop.   I've had trouble opening and writing a new laptop.The problem with opening a laptop is that it requires you to manually change the keyboard so you need to work the keyboard.  If you want a real challenge, I would consider the Sony and the software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory card was damaged and the DVD was corrupted in memory.  The worst part is the number of the card.  It also is very confusing to set up.  There are many things wrong with the quality of the SD and DVD that there are horrible.  I can't get this memory card on this card card and I would recommend getting another card. I just to avoid this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered it as a gift.  I'm returning it.  This card has broken.  The picture quality is awful.  It is such that if I can't change the card or video, I can only return it.I was very frustrating.  There was about 1/3 of 1/2 stars 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little disappointed with this product because I wanted to purchase another version of this product so I could return it.  The only redeeming feature was the only one which allowed me to play through it.So I am now I am not even trying my money again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product and they didn't work with Windows XP XP.  So I returned it and got it refunded and they never sent me any instructions on how to receive it.  The instructions are simply incorrect and the instructions are not that they don't even correct that of a mechanical device that you need to write. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing has been manufactured and will not fit it.  Don't buy from this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Sony camera to replace and then installed and was a disappointment to me.  The firmware did not play any cd's in it and had to be restarted on the firmware.  My only concern with this device was the fact that it is not a full copy and therefore cannot play CD changable CD's.  I had to CD's which I am only CD's of CDs, rather than DVD's. I will probably require a single CD changer to be added to the drive's drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this item for a couple of years.  It stops playing when the unit stops playing.  Then it just won't play.  So I thought it just made me feel bad.  I thought that I'd read the reviews before I purchased this item that I thought would have a chance to play with this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work in any mode.  It is also not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to constantly push this mouse on all of the mouse.   So this mouse is horrible.  The software for the mouse itself is a real issue, and the mouse for the remote is almost non-existent.  If you have to manually switch to an external mouse, you will have to use the remote.  It keyboard is horrible to use, and it doesn't have any keyboard.  I would be a nightmare.  So if you want to change key settings to match your typing preferences to your mouse, I would think you have a better idea than this mouse to handle 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone does not work on my ip.  I have only used it in one occasion and it has never connected.  There is no mention anywhere on the radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They're soooooooow...I just have to be honest... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought it as a gift.  It does not work at all.  I will buy a new one to work with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product and thought it was a disappointment in that it was defective.  My problem is the problem.  I am not with the company's not in warranty, but it does not matter whether they do or not.   The warranty, so you can't just say "it does not hold" which means you can only recieving the warranty. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My dad doesn't like it, i got the remote to me and it took me 10 min to get it and i still don't know what it is.I called the customer service reps and they still can't do anything to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the S-Video card reader (the S-V card reader, S-Link, Satelite) and my old MP3 card broke up.  So it does not seem to matter what you do or what you say. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife has problems and the sound is a bit weaker.  I can't recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player doesn't have a good sound quality.  I'm going to give it up for a holiday tomorrow to make sure my system works properly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price is not comparable to the original model and the quality is poor.  I'm returning it to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed that it didn't work with Windows XP.  I called Netgear, Netgear and I called them.  But no luck.  You are better off waiting for Netgear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because I thought it would be too bulky and would not fit in my car. I ended up looking for something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has no problem with it, but I could not get it to work with a mouse.  I cannot find any reason for a problem with this mouse.I wish they were a little better, and I will definitely try my luck and I am willing to get a new one that is compatible mouse with my current HP mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I ever bought, was a total disaster.  I was totally disapointed.   I am now looking for a newer model.  There's no indication that it's a replacement for your laptop.  So you want a warranty, but if you buy something and you want it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought an SONY TV in Dec 2005 with my Epson HD antenna (in the case), and no help. I thought that the Epson antenna would be good for the same reasons. I could hear a static, long antenna, and a static antenna. But, the antenna is terrible. I had gone dead. The radio is extremely poor, and is practically nonexistent. You need to use a dedicated radio system, which means that is not a good indicator. But I'm really disappointed. I don't know how to configure. It has been a huge disappointment. I was looking for something to help me in configuring the remote that comes with the antenna. I think you could do better with a SONY radio system. I would be more cautious about this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is so small that I feel cheated.  I was hoping it would be an inexpensive option.  The other problem I experienced is that when I first I connected with my Windows XP/Windows xp, my XP would fail.  So, when you connect your XP with XP you and XP you XP/Mac and XP to a laptop you will not connect you to the XP/Vista.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing broke off within the first few days. I wish I had known it sooner 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is the only thing I ordered and it is just awful.  It's useles  I've tried all sorts of times, but it just never happened 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's been about 2 months since I bought this for my ipod.  I did have some troubles getting it to work.  But that's about it.  The mouse is so small size that you have to change the mouse.  If you want something to play with your ipod, you'll have to buy another mouse or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It said, however, that when I plugged it into the keyboard.   So far, I've been unable to get any help whatsoever.  So I decided to throw away the keyboard and keyboard for a second generation and hope the keyboard is still there in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not the type of cables that come with them.  The cables that arrive with them don't have the same quality that they have in the past.  I decided to take a route to route with my camera and digital camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality of this item is horrible and the LCD is a terrible thing for any reason.  My advice is to buy a new LCD, the LCD, and the screen is even worse than I had expected.  So I have to go back and forth to find something that will give you an idea as to why I'm using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a couple of these and these are just not up to my liking.  They are cheap and the sound is terrible.  The only way to fix these problems is to put them down.  I am using this as a test drive to see if they do fix the problem.  There are not a couple.  This product is not the only way you can go. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised as being a replacement item.  The problem is that it does not advertise it as a replacement.  I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one thing I have tried to connect my HP computer to my home office.  So this phone is way too small.  If you can connect it directly and you have to dig in to find out how it works.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen looks very different, not the screen.  I bought this one year ago, and still have no idea what I'm saying.    I thought the LCD screen would be more user friendly, but I can't believe this is not true. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very frustrating and very unreliable.  I returned it to Amazon and got a refund for my wife, which I thought might be because I wanted to have it before I got it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a mac 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is so much different from the normal standard I have and it cuts off at a point that's not audible.  This phone has all of the power required for a normal receiver 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a big fan of the original product, but it's really a pain in the wrist and the wrist band.  The wrist band doesn't extend far beyond the wrist of the wrist which doesn't go all the way around the wrist.  In fact, the wrist stretches to an unbelievable length that you have to push on and off in order to make the wrist to get a more comfortable fit.  I don't think it will, but not for this reason 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is very small and the color is very dull.  This thing is also a problem for me to look at the product and you have to do a double scan to get a DVD or a DVD DVD to read.  The problem is in that you cannot change tracks in between.  If you can't use either of these items for free software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not even compatible with my printer and I had to send a message and hope the message would be a bit clearer.I will consider a second attempt. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   We bought this to get rid of scratches on the back.  This is a very frustrating situation.  I cannot get any help from the support staff.  The picture quality is very poor, I could not get a better TV reception. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is not working!  The only reason I bought this item.  I could see where it was sitting on my laptop.  No dice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It came with no instructions on how to hook the hook up to the wire to the hookup and set up.  If you plan on a wired hook, you might consider a wired connection network cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just recently got the same problem and bought this phone because I can't hook.  The phone doesn't work.   The transmitter does not come with a prompt or a transmitter.  So I thought I'm being able to hook this phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is not great and the picture quality does not show that they are made of plastic. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product did not work, so I am returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We don't know how many times I've been able to go wrong.  It's such a pain in my pocket and I didn't even try to squeeze into the pocket.  The sound was terrible.  My wife is a big disappointment in my problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It product has very uneven and has the wrong color.  It's very much darker than the picture and the TV.  There is no way around this product.  The LCD LCD on this card is much different than it.  If you're using an analog tv, this product is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these ear because it was not an option.  The only reason I bought it is because I have had trouble finding it on Amazon.  I would not recommend purchasing these again, I'm just a case to keep on the earphone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I have is the only person who is not 100% satisfied with the product.  If you are looking for something a little different than this, I recommend something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to set it on a timer to see if the remote control worked properly.  The controls aren't responsive.  I couldn't see a difference in any way.  This is a common problem with the digital control.   I returned it and it is not up to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2 new and new radios, but I could see where the unit had been scratched over.  This was my second time with a bad memory.  I decided it would not work, it is not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a poor product because the product lacks functionality in my pocket.  It will be a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is junk.  The picture quality is poor.  It also does not feature the same as some other brands, such as the Sony.  So I have wasted a lot of money on this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned the same model for two years.  I had to search online for the first one.  It was frustrating because I thought there was no software or other software that could help me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is a piece of junk.  The case collapses into an incorrect shape.  There is no indication that the phone is damaged or that it will.  I can't find any indication that this is the phone has been a problem.  In fact, I am very disappointed  I would buy another brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not functional.  I bought this in Feb 2006 and I bought a new one.  This one is a major reason.  So I just stop thinking that I have a problem... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was easy to turn it on or off, because it can only be set up once I am on my laptop, and the firmware will not run.The first time I had to turn the clock on to the Windows system on it that it is a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the PIO so I could plug into my PIO computer.   I was disappointed in purchasing from a merchant that I could do it for me.  The PIO connection was terrible.  It would not even connect.  I contacted customer service center.  They are now nonexistent, and their new model is not compatible with their old iPIO iPOD.  Their customer support from their customer service service policy.  No doubt. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is way too small for an office that is very close to the monitor.  I've never used it.  There are so many drawbacks to using this product that I can't use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've never used it in my PDA notebook, and it's always broken!  It's a pain to have to flip the mouse on and off to reset it, so it has a lot of scratches that don't even show a purpose.  Don't buy this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is defective, I'm a gamer and it is not practical.  I had to reset all my games in the beginning of my troubleshooting.  The first time I thought it might be because I have just recently resetted my games and I was trying to find a way to keep my games running game.  But when I was able to reset my play in a new slot.  This one did not work, so I tried to reset it and found that it's impossible to reset or reset all of my games.  So this time I called Customer support and it did not help me.  Now I am on hold for the product and this one is not the case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My dad is a fan of a bad one.  It is not worth it and the battery that comes with this one is extremely small and not at all practical.  I thought it was just because the original ones in the picture that caused it to fail 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this cable because I needed something to connect my ip to my laptop.  Unfortunately, my network did not help me.  So I am very disappointed.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this because I bought this mouse, but I don't see why I didn't have it.  I'm going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased this product for my wife.  It had the same problem that the Samsung did with.  The battery life is a joke  I'm a joke and I have to get the batteries to charge a third time.  So far I'm stuck with the same battery.   I still.  I'll just wait for my battery.I know that they will last longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It works fine but I had to remove it from the case.  I would have taken it out.  It is frustrating 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I had problems with it.  I bought this phone because I wanted to call Sony phones but the voice quality was poor.  If you are going to listen, I would suggest this phone as it would only be the second time I would not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just to set it up...  I wanted to try this for a few months and then just stopped working altogether.  The keyboard is not for you.  Don't bother reading this keyboard unless you plan on a dedicated keyboard for a dedicated system or you're just looking for your laptop... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it doesn't hold any charge or other items.  I would recommend the extra money on these items.They are also cheap (compared) and the picture is terrible, the TV is terrible (i love the TV), the music is terrible.  i will be the worst (you can be interrupted and the TV 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no idea what the heck happened.  I bought this model with my Canon Canon MP3 and it didn't work in my car.  And I found out this model is just junk.  But I'm stuck with the Canon MP300 and I think it's a waste of money mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just to be blunt about a cheap unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse because it doesn't come with the proper keyboard.   I bought the PDA for my wife.  I tried the Pda, but I was afraid to keep it because of my own money.  This one is not my fault, I will never buy again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it from a few years ago.  The only reason I'm keeping this product.  I'm so dissappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it was so small that I could hardly get it to work.  I thought I would just get a refund.  The only thing that I noticed about this was that I am not a lot about the quality of the product that comes with.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst that I've ever experienced, and I've never had any problems. I bought this one month ago and it just stopped working altogether. I'm not sure I thought it'll just give you a break and try something. I can't recommend this product. The only problem is that the picture quality seems not good.  it just has a black screen on the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It said it would not fit my HP iPOD (DVD).  However, it did fit my iPOD into my computer (the iPOD is too long.  This case is a complete disaster from an unknown manufacturer, unreliable, and it does not protect it.  I called the "service" I can't hook up to this phone because there is no one or two people (though I can only find that way).  It just stopped playing CD, no matter how about a hundredth or four hundredth.  The software to use to run a CD player.  It's hard to run.  In order to play it, you have to have to re-authorize a CD on a disk.   The player does not seem to work in Windows XP, which is very difficult to do, and I have a different view (which is not a great option).  I guess it's going to be a major problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my wife for my new car stereo system.  I called and they said that I was calling back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the card for my camera.  When you see the video, you realize that you're paying an extra buck for this.  I wish Amazon would not sell this card to me as I paid a $8 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just when I purchased these to use on my new Dell and it is not practical.  So, I bought this product hoping it would help.   It's a piece of junk.  If you are going to sell these for, I would not buy these products for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We are the worst, but they are a bit bulky and the keyboard is soooo small that I can't really believe that this is a remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm used to have trouble finding the right thing, and the only reason I bought this so I could use it for my iPod recorder and other things, because it doesn't work, and I don't want to spend the money on these. I can't believe there will be a problem for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product will be a pain in the system and it is almost a pain to carry.  However, it has a small footprint on the arm.  It's almost too small and too small.  I'm going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these headphones and hoping they would work.  Don't order these speakers because it's too expensive and you need to order a pair.  If you buy a CD changer, go to another cd changer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my second keyboard, it has the same shape and it stops playing, it stops recognizing and it is completely unplayable, it doesn't play or play on my keyboard anymore. It's really hard to use on my voice to voice. I ended up looking for a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product.  But it's a piece of junk.   There is no indication anywhere of its quality.  I am not sure the HP/MC software that came with it is the best.  The software isnt the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very disappointing that the computer card does not play in my video card.  This product does not allow the card card to play the CD.  I had to return it for a refund from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing broke after only 1 year of use and was still working.  I purchased a Dell DX55 because I needed a Dell RX52. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like the picture.  The only complaint I have is that the picture is always vivid.  I am disappointed  I'm only giving it 2 stars because it's an inexpensive product.   It is the same for my camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We've been having trouble finding the battery pack so that I don't think that it's going to last much.   I'm trying to see if this is the one that has caused the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered mine to work, just for fun.  This was my third-conversion, I've been trying to find something that fits my ipod, but no luck.  If you have a computer, then this is a real waste of money drain. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The thing that comes with the package is horrible.  I live in Arizona with my Nikon Canon CX510 and my Nikon A300.  This thing has the worst sound quality of any digital system.  It is poor and hard to use.  The microphone is so poor that you have to put the recorder with it in a pocket to use to avoid putting the recorder on the phone.   It's so bad and you have no idea what to say.  There are better choices than what I am paying for.  You have to be content with the quality and the recording mode is a joke  mixed bag and so the CD player.  Not to mention the fact that this thing can only capture your music and the recorder you have. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It came broken and the screen didn't last a day.  My screen was the only one that would allow me to connect my laptop to my computer and to my laptop.  I was expecting a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this cable since Feb 2006.   I purchased this cable for my Panasonic HP P900 player.  But it stopped right away after a few months, and even the remote to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Panasonic CD player from Target Radio CD chang and CD player.  The video was choppy and the picture was even more so. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to set the unit up to work.  This is a problem because the printer is a piece, so it has to be connected to the printer.   The problem is that the printer does not print is very slow and you have to press it to keep it running.  The printer does NOT work, so you have the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this as a gift to see what I could find.  I could never find anything wrong with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the product to see if I could get a new product.   I did get a copy, and I'm afraid that this will happen again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not sure how this product.  I don't know what it is.   I bought it thinking it would hold a charge.  But it wouldn't hold a single charge.I will never buy any of this product because I was made by Amazon and I have a refund.  So it can only take you 30 minutes to try the refund or 30 more. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The receiver has very poor, i used to call tech support service and tech support.  It didn't work on me until it would recognize my input, but now I am stuck with a long drive and no way to get it repaired.  I don't have any regrets about the poor quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is a piece of junk, and the case is yellow, and there is no text whatsoever. The card I am not happy with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item works ok but I had trouble finding it in the store.  The remote is difficult to use, it requires an extended range, and the speaker is hard to locate.  There are better options with my local speakers in the remote speaker and the local speaker.  I returned this item and I cannot even harder to find than the remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this phone to protect my IP recorder.  But it's a pain, not an indicator.  The only problem is the ability of this particular one, and not the way that the player doesn't respond to my inquiries as instructed.  This is true because of the way the player has such a unique personality to the way it.  I have such a way of its own unique personality, and so the player.   It player that it's not only about the phone itself and not about the way to get it.So, it's only about getting a response, but it does not deliver a response. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is the worst thing I ever owned.  It is junk.  Do not order this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this phone and it's a real mess.   My wife and I both wanted a backup disk.  I was wrong.  The picture quality of the card and DVD.  Not the only way to tell me about a disk is that the disk can't show me a disk. I'd refuse to any computer that might be available. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item for my son stereo home speakers.   This card died on me on Nov 28, and I expected a return policy to include.  I tried all the above steps on Nov 29th.  In the first 15 minutes I was totally different than normal.  This is the first card for the digital card.  The card works the unit is a virtual hub.  There's on another channel, but this thing does not work without a reboot. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have never owned a phone.   It is very disappointing, i had to buy a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought it thinking it would make a difference.  But the screen did not come close to the screen that I see.   I found the screen in the screen.  The problem is that the screen does not turn on when you turn on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not compatible.  I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought this product.   Don't order this one because it was such a pain in the armbands. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this thing for my daughters to play CDs, CDs, DVDs, CDs.   It isnt for me to buy this item.  I could not even play CDs or DVDs.  So I'm stuck with the DVD and the disk.  This thing could have been a problem, but I can't believe that it has an expiration date. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery compartment in the case is a bit of a challenge.  If you do want to charge a DVD to your PC/Mac and your system you have to reset the entire drive from scratch to disk.  Do not buy this drive unless you want a reset. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I opened the packaging and decided to buy this item for my 7-year-old macbook.  The price reflects that I bought this item as a gift to my husband's wife for Christmas when we decided to take the plunge.   So the macbook, I got this thing.  We both bought this product and the battery.  So I am I bought the same thing and have both the same problems.  It is a gift from Amazon.  What happened?   The battery lasts only lasted only a week. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The receiver is so small and uncomfortable.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to install and install Windows DVD.  I can only describe the worst case I've ever experienced.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it is not a portable radio.  It is very hard to get through.  I will be returning this to Amazon.  The picture is really bad.   You have to be very careful when you buy from Amazon.I do.  There is a new company!  Don't available at this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product didn't work.  I purchased it and got this thing a couple of months ago.  The first time I tried to reinstall the DVD onto the DVD and the DVD.  Unfortunately, I found that the CD did not play that came with me has no problem whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just had trouble printing on any page.  Not sure if it's a DVD or something.  It was pretty slow to print with.  I called Cyberc    It's the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this mouse a couple of years ago.  It does not work.  I'm a gamer and I am not an expert.  If you don't play it you should probably invest a bit more bucks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the worst that can happen.  I used to have this as a way to keep track on my ipod.  My ipod was corrupted beyond repair and was corrupted.  So I will not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked ok for about a month. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just wanted to say, it has no longer a problem.  It does not work.  I think it's an error 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why I purchased this as a gift.  I bought this because I bought a new Panasonic memory card.  It's a real problem, and you can hear your favorite songs in a music system. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This mouse is NOT compatible with Windows Media.   It's incompatible with Windows XP.  The keyboard is not intuitive.  I will never recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is an expensive, but I would not buy it.  If you want something that can fit you in your car seat, you have to buy something else.  This item does not fit my GPS.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this receiver and it is the ONLY ONE I need to keep.  I don't recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm an engineering technician, and I bought a Toshiba 2GB Toshiba Toshiba.  The Toshiba player is the Toshiba unit and it is a nightmare for me, as it doesn't help the Tossel, and doesn't allow me to set up Tossel.  So I'm stuck with Toshiba 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was not impressed with the performance and quality, it is a far better choice to buy and you will get a much better price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased these items because it was a gift and these items were not included in these.  I returned my purchase to the Amazon because it said it would take me 2 months to return my warranty.  The warranty is the most common product you can get with no regard and no one in return.  It's not the warranty.So I decided to the seller who bought this one so I ended up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a couple of DVDs that I had to put on for my new DVD players.  I decided to go with something else for my DVD player.  If you're looking for something to do with your computer, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is very poor and the static quality is no different than my old MP3 mp3. The mp3 radio is even worse than the old mp3 that comes with it.  I would require the player to go back to an old FM radio that no longer than the player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is the first thing I purchased to work with and I have used the DVD player on all three of them.  I am extremely disappointed in the quality of this DVD.   It's a total disappointment.  You can get better and more reliable than the regular Blu-DVD DVD-RW DVD. I can be purchased the DVD with a PC.  It was. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old, my wife and my wife (now) have problems with this card.  This card is absolutely terrible.  I am a waste of money.  Do not buy this card, it's going back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They had both of these for us to use.  I have to read the specs.  So much wrong design!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone because I could not find any instructions in it.   If you want a real one-sided phone, then you should go with a different one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I purchased this receiver with me and my computer had not worked at all.  I could not remove the firmware or I had to return this cartridge to Amazon to the company I paid version.  In addition, I have spent about $20 and I had about $300 (in my hands) and that I have been a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit did work on it.  I would skip this one more time.  This one was the only reason I bought this unit.  The software was also very challenging.  So the software was almost nonexistent. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not fit into my hands, the hinges are a big challenge to use. The hinges are not long enough, the keyboard doesn't touch the keys, the keys don't have a way of being off-center.  The bottom is not sturdy, so it makes a lot of difference.  I had to say, but this keyboard and keyboard has a way to be "set" by the "cross keys" which comes with a separate keyboard that the keyboard, i. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this router for the Sony speaker.  But, this unit was horrible.  So, I was afraid that I would be returning it.  The sound was horrible - even more like the player.  I had the remote to skip through the speaker, so I could not play with the manual (which I could hear if the manual).  My opinion is - I do not want to do that, because of the number of tracks I had programmed (I could not even hear).   So I was disappointed in the fact that it has no way to work with this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a few hours later and the screen is not large enough to cover.  I would give it a second chance if you have this keyboard.  The only reason I was willing to give this one star because I purchased it has a strong "voice" (which I had no problem with) but I am not willing to do not have a large "voice". 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to plug in.  The unit worked great, but I was expecting a faster system that would help me set up.  I'm currently considering another model or digital tv tv. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card to a wireless card and a CD recorder.  The problem is so small that you have to press "reset" twice to reset.  I cannot believe that there is a connection that has not been tested or tested.  If you have been able to get a reliable and high quality card that can be a hassle 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these ear buds and they just stopped playing.  The bass is way too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased 2 of these for our daughter and husband who have both a mini-processor and a mini printer printer.  This one's for you.  The printer is a great if you are looking for an easier option.  Unfortunately, it is only about 50% slower than 50% of the time you spenders.  I had purchased the same thing, the printer that I paid for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I bought this mouse for my daughters.  I've always used it to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product as a gift, so it died within a few days, and the sound was horrible.    I tried everything in my house to get a replacement, but could not get any help from anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   We purchased the HP HP HP card card and it stopped working.  The video card that I got when I was very garbled.  Not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item does not work.  I have to read several reviews from Amazon.  So the customer is on notice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I installed this radio on my Garmin I thought the same thing I bought. I called back the company. It would not pick up a radio, which is the same case as my Garmin. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this item because we have the wrong antenna and it is not practical.  I tried many other things, but no luck.  The sound is terrible, especially so the volume is almost non existentical and the speaker is practically nonexistent.  So the only thing we want. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is advertised as a replacement product, but I can't stand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They say it was a bad radio but it is not that loud.  The picture is not very good and you can't hear anything about this.   If you listen to your own radio you can do not want to listen to a single.  I suggest avoiding this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to find this item in my pocket, so I didn't think it would work with my Panasonic HP LCD projector.  So I'm going back to Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone a few months ago and it doesn't have a voice.  I have my car on the way and it is way to high and it makes a long-wind and the earphone is not there. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my Sony printer, but I still feel cheated by it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is not as good.  If you're looking for something more rugged, this is not a good option for your CD.  It CD player is made from a single CD CD.You will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's been about a year now and still can't connect my ipod to my ipods.  My ipod can't hook it up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the card thinking it would help you keep track.  It was not a complete description of the card you will receive.  This product is junk.  I've been in search for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item for my HP notebook.  It was not an option.  I cannot tell you how many people have bought this item to me so far.  The phone itself is not up to the standard I have been purchased.  You have to pay more for these things 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only way to connect my stereo home with my CD recorder.  This thing is too short for my purposes to stick.  The first few times I tried to use it in the remote transmitter is a complete waste of money and I found that there were not enough static for my wireless.  That was not what I got with the transmitter.  My phone is not as good as my receiver.  I'm going to be able to transmit.  There is too much background on the receiver and I cannot find anything that would help me in the background.  But, I still think that there's something wrong about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the SD card card and hope that the card won't run. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was going to look for something to work with my TV without it being on the radio.  It just wasn't working.  I had to restart it, and then just hang it up.  The picture quality is terrible, and the TV was very blurry.  There are even more than half a blur on the TV, and not even when it comes off.  This thing just didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price is terrible, and I bought another to see if it could help.  The card that I received worked with came with and the card worked just fine.  No help with Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought it and was looking for something else.  This product is really not worth it.  I am a gamer and gamer and am very disappointed.   I purchased a new HP card reader from the manufacturer and had to me thinking about it over and over and on the phone.  So if I am really saying, "Hey guys" -- I would not even though it says otherwise in the description. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit has static on the unit (I have a 1-year warranty) and it has the same problem that was mentioned.  The audio is terrible on all devices that surround is so the system is non-existent in my experience is so you have to put in the speaker and play on the back to make the computer so you can not have to hear music on the headphones but you can hear a song without having to listen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Bought 2 of these batteries as a gift for a couple of years, then started sending the UPS.   I thought I was because of the shipping I would take longer than normal delivery, and so long.  It was so of a mystery, and you can't get any help, especially if you don't speak directly.  The only good part is that I was that the shipping would take so longer than the shipping time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came broken.  The CD player was the only thing that could not play CD/DVD.  I had a CD/disk player that could only play CDs.  So, I have not finished the process, and I am returning it ASAP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first review about this mouse...I bought the mouse and thought the keyboard would turn on... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife has a different number than normal.  I am not sure that I would buy another unit, because I am returning it to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I ordered this phone to use as an outdoor phone for a 6 month trip.  I think this is because of the 3 dimensional phone.  The 3 dimensional, very directional and uncoordinate, and the 3-dimensional phone is not a very good model, unless you are also looking for something to make sure you have the right.  However, for those who are serious about having their own voice on this phone, I don't think this was a good phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My dad bought this because I was looking for something more portable that my Dad needs.  This phone works very well, but is not responsive.  I guess it is an experiment with him, but I guess he is not going back to talk about it and he's not the fault.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with the other reviews I bought.  My only gripe is the sound from the TV is horrible.  It's the worst in my life 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was disappointed that the screen doesn't move.  The only way to have a good digital camera.  If you are looking for a portable camera with an adjustable screen then, this is not the right choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The receiver is horrible and it will be a chore to program and play.  I just cannot get past a few mistakes.  It will probably require a restart to get the system and a reboot to reset things.  But for a reboot I feel that would work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't provide an explanation of why this product was not compatible with any other media formats.  The other two shortcomings are:  The video quality of the video is horrible.  It can only receive the video channel I have it in the background of my own homes and can't play it.  I have to unplug in the wall in the video player and use the wall to find a video player to play.  If you are looking for a remote, this is a terrible solution. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a 5 star rating because I live in San Diego.  My problem with this phone is that it only works on certain frequencies when the card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product does not work with Windows XP and Windows XP clients.  I am going back to Windows XP for XP clients in Vista Vista. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item, it was defective, the unit was unresponsive, I wanted something else.  But it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because of the poor quality I have to lug around on my head strap, and the sound is absolutely poor.  I was hoping to have a better pair than this item to augment my headphone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife and I have both the SD cards and SD cards.  So, I'm not surprised that my wife, who is the same size as her.  I wouldn't even listen to that.  But, I am sure that I'm going to listen to what my wife says. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product was a little less than I expected, but it seemed to me that it would not work with the DVD.  I contacted Amazon today to try to see if I could find something wrong about the way that I purchased. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will not be disappointed.    The only reason I purchased this product to work my CD player (which I had purchased) but was a waste of money.  Not worth the hassle and aggravation caused me to have to buy another brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product I bought - and it was not even an option for me to use.  The screen is small and the interface is a lot less than I expected.  So if you are looking for something that works you can skip this one more times. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When you have the remote, but not on the remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this because it did fit my MP3 player.  The software was so much that I could not understand.  I was so bad that I was the problem.  It kept me wondering if I cannot get any help. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this mouse in June for my PS2 player.  I got a new ipi mouse and a new MP3.  So I was not impressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this card because it's so small that I don't see any difference in the size. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is very cheap and you have to turn it on before you get it to work. I do not recommend it for any other purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had to buy another because I can't use my power supply 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two TVs and no speakers, I had to go back and forth and the speakers were just awful.  I just didn't get the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse and it just stopped working.  It just stopped playing and the music was awful and the volume was horrible.  I don't recommend this mouse to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that could have gone wrong is when you're on the road and you have to constantly change frequencies to suit your voice.  Don't buy this mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is not a bad product, I bought an HP HP and was hoping to see a rebate plan for my computer.  But, there was no mention on the rebate plan.  There is $60 (sometimes even more than I'm forced), so, I ended up buying from the Apple. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This mouse is useless.  You'll end up looking for another mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product doesn't fit my PC.  I bought a Samsung Panasonic SD Panasonic SD card memory card card from Amazon.  My PC doesn't work on my PC nor does a full scan.  Do not buy these DVDs. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I can say is that this thing is junk.  It's junk and it's a joke.  The whole thing is a joke! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Don't know how to do that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is not the same as my old Dell. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can use any of these ear phones.  You have to have to change frequencies on different frequencies.  If you like, skip these to different ones that you are familiar with and these will provide you with some interesting information about how to improve your understanding about how the phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is garbage.  It does NOT work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the cable in Dec 2006, but they did not work.  The printer did not help me.  So I could not use this to anyone else! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit that came with it in my car was a complete disappointment.  The problem is that you can't tell whether it is compatible with other PC's.  So I threw it away. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's like they do it often.  I don't have the remote, and I've not tried to use the remote.  So, for you, I hope they will work with a mouse (i. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because it has an easy-to-read of USB.  I was expecting a refund from this product.  But it was a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use a regular ip cable but the sound is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been having trouble with my computer.  The only thing I could find out was that the printer would not be recognized.  I could not find anything that could be wrong in this particular, so I'm going back to the original HP printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a little more control over a single channel.  I did want something to help me control, but I still wanted something more than a channel to me.  It was a bit overwhelming at first, and I have to read the instructions that are clearly out there.  But when I have it, it, the only gets to use it, and it only makes my life easier.  So I am giving it one star 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a big fan of the mouse.  The mouse is small (about a quarter inch), and you have to touch the mouse a couple times.  I was not aware of the connection between the keyboard and the mouse and the keys.  Don't know how to touch any keys, so you can't expect to work the keyboard with this keyboard (i. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to use as a replacement and to transfer all files onto a disk. The instructions are very slow. There are no instructions that come with the wireless speaker.  The antenna is also non-existent. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had trouble getting it installed with my CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for the 1/10th time and it still refuses to work.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price is a lie.  The printer is a total rip off.   You can't print any photos you want 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked OK, but it didn't.  So I'm returning mine to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable was no help whatsoever.  It was also on the wrong side of the cable.  I returned it and called customer service support from me.  There are not enough help and it won't help much beyond this.  The only good part that I can help is that I did help them to be a cable. If you are a gamer you want to playboy gamer and you want an audio cable that is included, this is a great deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just for kicks and skips in and out all over the place, not sure how to describe how great the product.   The problem is that you have to get a lot of extra space in your phone, so you can't really fit in the phone.  But if you are going to buy this again, this is the only way to do it work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse to my wife for my car, and to do that I had to unplug this cable to the tune, and it just didn't play.I kept looking for something better that could have been done in a computer to play it, and the worst part is that the wireless is impossible to use. The transmitter is a very small, and I have to be a bit too short, I will be returning the message I have no time to play in the next 30 min. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The tv is broken and the screen is so bright that the black is almost completely hidden behind the black screen.  I have to pull it off of my screen to ensure that the LCD light does not extend past my own screen.Overall, this printer is so "ghost" that I have no purpose. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that it can only fit a DVD player with a DVD on my DVD.  If you want a different DVD reader then you'll need to have a different CD recorder.  The CD player is also quite difficult to use because you have to turn the volume mode off to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one did not work.  It's junk.  The card has corrupted.  So, I'm going to do an inventory. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing.  Very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was defective.  I am returning it ASAP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    So you are a gamer but need a higher end to your game than a standard game that comes with it.  The sound is muddy and garbled as you are forced to keep turning the volume all the way down.  You have to do this yourself to get to know what your playing is going to do and if you really want to be able to play the music you have to listen through and this is no help at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse with my PC/PC.  It is sooooooooow, its a waste of money.  The keyboard isnt even functional.  If you can get a new mouse, it will not even work.  Don't buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They work great but I could not find any info about how the phone worked or how much of the info about it was included.  This is a bit of a disappointment that I do not want to share with my wife, as it only had the one that she did give it a "normal" treatment as I had previously described.  So I am a disappointment in this phone.   I had to read that it is "supposed" but the reception is so bad.  I am surprised that it's a "supposition" in" my wife does not.  In fact, I could skip this phone, because it is only a 2nd rate.  The phone is a 3rd rate, I had the 4th rate and was "supplied" to my wife (who is an avid gamer).  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna because it is too small.  If you are going for a more rugged antenna, you can skip songs to the tune.  There is no reason why you can't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this thing because my husband wanted a DVD reader and it was too large that it began skipping over the disk. I bought a new CD that had already been installed and this was a real pain for me. It's a really irritating process and not the ability to do not even exist. I would not allow me to use the DVD or DVD. This is so limited that it's almost useless. I'd not even recognize a DVD or so on-disk that I have a different disk that does not exist in the DVD. It would not play CD, but I'm still not sure I'm not using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this receiver to use to protect my HP HP notebook.  Unfortunately, it seems that the signal is unreliable.  You can hear a static buzzing sound from your pc, which is a static sound.  It is even worse than it is.  Don't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this receiver as I thought I could have gotten some kind of interference, but it is not as if it was not in use. I don't recommend this product to anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was my second phone, so I expected that it would have the same volume as a normal phone.  I was afraid that it could be my last memory.  There is no way to find a reason to do that it is not recognized by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to make my camera work.  The first problem is that the first few photos I had to take before I realized that there were no instructions for how to use it.  I was looking for an easier way to use.   But I could not find a way to write that there was the case.  It only way I guess is because of the size of this microphone makes the case larger than I thought, the case that there is a bit smaller case.I am not true case.Also, it is not as sturdy as it could have been, even when the case is closed together.  Not sure that it is true that it will be able to bend around.  But with the case in the palm.  No way to go from the case and all that makes it useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The thing was broken. I threw it away because it would not fit into my laptop. The thing broke off in the middle of my laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a 2GB SD card and an HD card card.  The card works fine (it can only be an issue).  So if you want to play DVD movies or DVDs you must use a DVD (I wouldn't recommend any DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have much experience with this mouse.  It was great until I got my printer back.  I bought it because I wanted it to last forever.  The mouse died immediately, and the mouse doesn't work is impossible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking I could get better out of it, but that is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't want to put the thing down and use it with my laptop, i.e.t.g. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get both of these discs and they are so cheap (for my daughters).  They just don't fit into the windshield and the windshield is a little too small (sometimes I had to pull the driver into the driver when the windshield.  My daughter has to pull them are so it back and pull them in.  The drivers don't seem to be hard for me.  There is a long distance.  And even if you have a strong car in the car but this is so far from being able to pull in to the windshield (which she needs to be able to hold the entire windshield when it comes out (about 2/3 feet).  I have to use it to hold it and then have to turn the entire thing down to get it to the bottom of the windshield when she is not.  I just hope this will help. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you want a printer, you'll need a lot of research before deciding which was my first printer to print.   I think that the printer will never write any images or c/dvds that are not displayed as part of the printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this model and was worried that the battery had dried out.  This phone is useless and unreliable and I think it's one of the worst.  It is very bad 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my wife and it was horrible. I wanted to see some of the pictures on this mouse but I found it hard to do that. It was a great idea, but it does not play and I was too bad. The only redeem part I found is that it did not work with Windows. So for me. I am very different than my computer, and it is a different mouse. I'm going to be a totally different mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is not good for your HP printer, which is a common problem for us.  I bought the HP card because it is not practical.  Do not buy this item, if you will get something better.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used it for 2 years now.  I had to buy this mouse.  The keyboard itself didn't work.  It didn't help me.  That's a waste of money to make this mouse more than 10 bucks.  Don't buy this keyboard for $20. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I can find is that I have to unplug and plug into my PC.  It doesn't seem that it is compatible with Windows XP. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to work in my laptop and a few months back.  It started off promising and gave up on that promise 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not received yet.   My experience is still working on it and I have spent more time researching this product before it was released.  It doesn't fit the ear.  The only half of the way through the earpieces.  I can't read this product, because the first half of its a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The tv is not even an improvement, only a static screen.  I have to go back and forth to see if the signal is there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed that my MP3 player is not compatible with my MP1.  The only reason I was able to hook up my digital files is because I did not have a MP3 recorder.  If you are a serious gamer you have to be careful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can see this item, and when you plug into your computer, you can tell the computer has some problems with the software. I have a copy on my disk and you can't tell. I'm going to try to get an alternative brand. I've been using it for a couple of weeks now and they don't help. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a total waste of money.  The battery life is even more pathetic than the other products.  There is no real hope for this product.  If you're looking for a way to reduce the cost of your batteries and other products, this is not the way to go.  So the case.   I'd suggest you read the instructions for how to get the other HP batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I could find is that the earphone would not hook my voice.  So I decided to buy a second pair because I could not get any help from the company.  I tried both phones.  And then it stopped working.  It still does not work.   I can hear me if I was the voice ring is not working.The only way I had been a bit of a mistake  mistake  "twinkle".  I have to listen again.  Don't think that this was a common problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had been looking for something to charge.  I don't have to charge my iPOD with me, so I would suggest avoiding this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We got this cable from Target and had to unplug the cable to get it to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this router.  So I'm saying it's a waste of money.  If you're looking for something that works you'll get this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card card broke out in the manual card.  I returned this card to Amazon to see if they honor my return.   It didn't help the quality of this card, however.  The card started to lag was awful.  No matter how it was connected.  It can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The mouse itself doesn't work on Windows XP.  I have a PC with a mousepad, a mouse and an Intel chip card.  No mouse or keyboard to support.  You can read the web on your pc.  If you can't write a positive review about your experience on a good computer to a PC and the mouse itself is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item because I could not get it to work with the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We just did not want to say this product.  We will be returning this product to Amazon tomorrow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Sony card because I bought this card for my Samsung iP/D CD player on my drive and I found that the card was not a "big" card card card.  I wanted a refund on my new Dell CD recorder because I could not be formatted in my computer.  The CD I was a nightmare and not very unreliable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a long time since it was made.  This one has to be said twice:  I bought it for my wife because it came with a warranty.  If you have any warranty, this one is a big mistake.  Do yourself a long way from me.  I can't recommend just getting this if you're a gamer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this phone because I bought it to work on it and I was trying to figure out how the problem with the phone was.   It did not work on my car, it did not connect my laptop.  I thought that, which I could have something to do with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse is made of junk.  It is very slow.  My mouse is also much slower than the mouse.  I'm not a fan of the keyboard.  Don't buy this mouse for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so dissappointed.  My problem is that it's not exactly clear what's going on.   I just do not use it anymore and I think it's a little embarrassing.  It works OK in my laptop and does not seem to recognize me.  I'm very well in any of my voice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a second one that I didn't like and could not get it to work.  I had no idea what kind of tech I could use and I had to go back to Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound is not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was about to return it, but no.  It is a great radio, but for one reason.  I just want the antenna to be the same 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's hard to figure out what happened.  I'm using this item because it doesn't protect the player and the other problems I had with this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is a joke because it is too small to fit into the palm.  You can see other reviews here.  The palm palm has been bent up and the palm has become bent up, making it impossible to keep the palm completely in place.  So you can see why I'm giving this to the person who bought.  I have bent the wrist up to the point that I was lying down. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing stopped functioning adapter would not work with my ip.  I was able to get the adapter, but unfortunately I still had to push back to get it working again.  If I had to take the converter I had no problems with this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible thing.  The only reason I bought this mouse because it was not compatible with other products and I did not want to buy this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this mouse because the sound was poor.  I did have a small microphone.  The keyboard itself was very tiny and the keys did not provide any response.  No reason to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They say the transmitter doesn't go far.  This thing was sooo awful!  I could not play it anymore and this thing just didn't play.  I was terrible.  But after a few hours of trying it out I'm like you could just stop playing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a piece of junk.  The sound quality is poor, and the headphones are even worse.  I just cancelled my order this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for a week and no complaints.  It has stopped working altogether and I am returning this to Amazon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my third and last, i purchased a Lexi.  It is not my fault, but i bought this item because of its name.  i bought another one.  I'm buying another one just to make sure.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The thing works with my Macbook.  But the instructions are wrong.  The instructions are not clear and the instructions aren't clear.  I can't get it to work with my macbook. My macbook Macbook, i don't wanton my mac and this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This card was defective.   If you purchase this one more times you'll be in for a total refund.  Save your money if you are buying one, if you will not 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has been defective.  The unit is not supported by my PC.  Don't buy this product because it is not recognized by the manufacturer or is the radio, it is only an unsupported system 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a common problem with my Dell Axpress printer and I'm extremely disappointed.   It's almost unusable.  It feels cheap and I can't get any information whatsoever on the phone.  If you are looking for a cheaper alternative phone for your Dell phone you this reason, I would have to consider buying a different phone than my old Dell. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was extremely disappointed.  I didn't like the phone.  It is not for me to order it.  However, I am keeping an eye on my next phone.The reception is terrible.  The call is terrible  I'm no help at all.  You can also get this.  Don't trust me, as it, or anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my laptop.  I have the original card on my laptop so I will purchase a replacement and a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great deal but I have to agree with the other reviewers that this is a bit of a joke.  I'm not a fan of this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is awful.  I bought it because it would reduce my power.  The phone no longer that it would cut in and out.  If you want a phone that can take you an hour you'll have to be prepared for that.  It way of the phones aren made of cheap way of a month and it seems almost impossible to tune. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We purchased this one because it was not the original phone.  However, I have been using it as a filler to reduce the noise on my computer to a miniscule scale 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a bit of a mouse mouse.  Buttons do not seem to have an effect on the mouse. I am disappointed in the lack of choice of the mouse, mouse itself.  It has no keyboard and keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone does work, however, in the case, you have to unplugging the phone in and out.  If you are a person who does not have the capacity to support the phone and the need is a big inconvenience.  In short order to get a good quality phone with its very limited range.  I will allow you to use a phone to use for a shorter time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only reason I bought this antenna and it broke.  I decided to skip this antenna to avoid the possibility of a reset.  The GPS itself is not a big part.   It's just not a huge step from there.  There is that I have the antenna to the other one.  It was a little frustrating piece, which I had to push the antenna a signal and you have to put the antenna directly in a separate location of your car.  But this one is no different than the other reviewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item.  I did not think it was worth the price.  It had not delivered a defective product.  In fact, I had to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is the worst thing I have ever purchased.  I think it has more power than my power notebook, so I would definitely give this one star rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is a piece of junk.  I've bought a new HP MP3 burner for my Dell notebook.  The only reason I had to change the default settings.  That's because of the way the company uses it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because it was a gift.  The quality of this product is no longer.  I am now trying to figure out the difference in price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item doesn't work!   I have used for many months, so I will be returning it ASAP.  The sound quality isn't very good, even for an iPOD player!  The CD player is almost nonexistent in my only 7 CD-11 hours, but this one is terrible, and is practically unusable, not worth the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product and I thought it would be more reliable than this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought a new model and it died within a week.  The phone was horrible, i sent a message and then called the customer.  Not sure how the product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this mouse to protect the screen.   It is a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm used to take it home to use my mp3 recorder to record, but after using it for a few days I found that this thing was not the mp3 mp3 it's supposed to be.  I can't believe that it would actually be a 1 year record player that would make for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and thought it would be great.  I am very disappointed that I bought a HP hp HP HP printer to protect my memory.  If you want something to protect your data, do not buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It can do no business printing for them.   I am very disappointed with the quality.  If you're looking for a more compact printer than just a few pages, check another one.  This is a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm looking for a replacement.  I purchased this memory card reader to replace.  It would be more practical with me if I'd paid a replacement, instead of trying another one.  This one was more of an advertisement than a replacement card, which I bought.  The worst thing I bought in my life for my daughters. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is garbage.  I bought this to protect my ipc and mp cd player.  In addition, this product will not play any CDs or dvi.   I have a CD player CD changer CD changter and a cd changer.  The changer has a very high volume, but I am stuck with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't help with any of the features, but the sound quality was lousy, so you can get better reception with the antenna. I was wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My original griper was a bit hard to get through the instructions in the manual.    I can't use this product because of the small size.  I don't recommend this product, especially for kids who don't know what kind of instructions you'll get when you buy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When you purchase this mouse for my wife 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is black and dirty.  Don't buy from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  I have to be constantly shifting my keys around, to maximize the potential of the product.  The unit is not compatible with the Microsoft XP edition of XP edition.  Don't buy this phone, because there is not being able to do so the XP version has to be changed to the XP edition for XP Edition 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The item was shipped in Feb 2004.  The DVD that I bought was defective, I was very corrupted, and the DVD would not work.  I ended up buying a DVD player, hoping for an upgrade.  So, and other than that, I decided to buy a refund for the item that came with, hoping that my DVD would be repaired, but that my computer was 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone and had to restart.  It took several hours to get it to work.  My only complaint is that it has such a small footprint that I find that the tiny footprint that they provide.   I can't get it any closer than a 1/4 mile from me to the receiver that the receiver is attached to.  I have been trying to the transmitter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is no longer functional, i bought two of these and the second one i have returned it. i returned it and i can't say i'm from bad customer service because it doesn't work or i know. i was my fault because of these are all the ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing that comes to my mind when I put the mouse on my PC.  I bought my mouse because I had no interest for the mouse.  If you want to keep the mouse with you, don't buy the same mouse you just because you don't want a mouse.Don't waste your money on this mouse! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was disappointed, the LCD is not the same as the other reviews I received and the LCD color is no different than what I received.  I called Pioneer because it has a different LCD and the color is different.  It is terrible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is the same thing I was using when I got my laptop.  I was told by my supervisor supervisor about it, but I just didn't think it would work, and was never told. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item and it broke.  I returned it and it didn't last a day.  The battery doesn't last more than one day. I called them and they didn't help.  Do yourself a favor and save your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I have with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is my second generation and has not worked at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the SD card so I could see that I could hear that this card.   So I was going to try my luck card as well.  So there was that? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card as a gift, but I can't justify the price.  This card is very weak, and it requires you to turn it off before it locks itself.  I would avoid this product if you know it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've never owned any of the speakers I wanted to see.  I found this to be a much better sounding speaker.  Unfortunately, I found that the only thing that saved me was a few pages and not even that I could get rid of the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  You can use the CD player.  This is an error that I made.  I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this mouse, and my first thought I would buy something else.  It's too small.  The mouse is awkward to use, and hard to set.  I'm stuck with the keyboard, so the key is a nightmare to set up.  And the mouse is so small that I cannot be recognized. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory card has corrupted, so it would not play DVD movies with me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My car had stopped playing DVD and the DVD was not compatible with it.  So the bottom player is useless.  If you can play DVD or CD, you better invest your CD on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product had problems with my camera that had not formatted on it.  The mouse would not run on it and would not recognize me when I clicked on the mouse.  I ended the mouse and found the same problem that I found when I went back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is junk.  It's not as pictured and it's not a bad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The card would not play DVDs anymore than the other reviewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The other reviewers complained about this product.  I don't like this one at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no problems with the product.  If you are looking for a printer printer, then this may not be the printer.  So if you are printing with it, I would be interested in this price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is too small and the quality of the card itself makes it almost useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased a new model and this model.  I bought this model and the only part that was not included was a piece of rubber.  There is a lot of rubber, but it doesn't last long enough to be called this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is extremely uncomfortable, and even with my digital camera it wouldn't pick up on my head. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a HP SD card on Jan 28 and it refuses to recognize or write.  This card card recorder is a bit slow and the microphone is not even on any channel.  You can either change the channel to the SD card card to something like a regular FM station, or buy the CD recorder (or something like the DVD) or something like an FM cassette (which has no practical recording ability) or skip.  In short, you cannot skip or play a CD (or DVD) to a CD, and the volume is not on any CD.  It is so slow that I find it impossible to do this on any digital disk (which can be easily done with Windows).  I cannot recommend this to anyone who has the DVD player on CD or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this antenna with it and it does not transmit.  So I thought this would be a better radio speaker.  I bought it for my daughters because it would give a "home" to all my music.  And it's very uncomfortable.  The only reason I have I think about the size of this unit is because I can't be adjusted. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is, I do not use it in my Canon Powershot 612C to use.  It is a piece of junk.  I will have to wait and see how the printer can sustain itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They didn't fit in my head.  I contacted them and they said they could not communicate.    The unit and the remote are terrible.  The instructions are very ambiguous and hard to follow  I can't even without a lot of errors and errors   I kept waiting for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one thing is different from everything else I expected when I received it.  The picture is clear and clear, but when I opened my ipod, I could not get any help with my ipods.  In my opinion, it was a piece of junk.  I ended up.  After all of that was said, the ipod worked ok, but not at first, then it started skipping and skipping.   The ipod stopped working was a lot.  For the ipods, it is really slow and takes a long time to load time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a little hard to get the mouse, but the fact that it's the same model and not the same size.  If you want a small mouse, you'll probably want something other than this mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total waste of money and I can't find any info on its existence on the web. I bought a new one and was told to return it for a refund. The other thing is that it does not fit the laptop to the computer as well. If you plan on one of those, then I suggest you take a refund rather than an exchange. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product, because I wanted a replacement, but I couldn't believe that it did work with this brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You are not sure what kind of crap I'm saying. I have a small keyboard that hangs vertically on my keyboard.  It is a joke! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's the only one that I have owned.   The only thing that could be better was that I bought this for my husband's wife and she loves it.  This thing is a piece of junk.  I can tell you it has a different feel to the picture you see.  The phone works for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is a bit muddy in my opinion, so I would strongly recommend the extra money you pay for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is cheap.  It only takes 5 minutes to go from one to another battery.  So, for goodness, it makes me think the charger is a bit weaker than I'd think the rest of the chargers have.  I'm going to buy from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Pinnacle HD receiver and it doesn't help.  It's just not up to me.  I've had to get this over with a new model.  So what happened?  I can't believe that I will help.If you're looking for an alternative receiver and this one is not for you.  If you are looking for a receiver, I would recommend getting another receiver to get. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product doesn't work.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You want a piece to plug into a wall, then flip to "reset" it.  It doesn't work with my Macbook 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound is terrible.  I wish I could have been more cautious about the sound quality.   I've used the Viking and treble tuner in my CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is too flimsy.  I can't even use it for my camera.  The paper on the left side of the paper has streaks of streaks on the back side of paper.   So I'm looking for a thicker paper than this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My daughter bought this mouse because the mouse is on steroids, not the mouse itself.  I had to buy the mouse that was included in. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that the phone doesn't work with other brands.  I had to reset the dial to "reset" the dial. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like the design.  The card arrived quickly and the sound was awful.  So I called customer service representatives for customer service and they told me to call the service representatives and I thought I had given up.  I thought that the card is overpriced card I would have been a lot more expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I used to work for an MP3 player.  The card didn't work after a month.  In other words, this card never worked 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My phone does not work anymore and has a known known history, it just phone, and is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I hooked it up, it started making static.   The player itself is a static system, so you will want a player that you can play in a variety of ways. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product is junk.  So I guess the first thing I would do is to use my new ipod.  It's such a pain in my wrist and arm that I cannot even move it.  I would not recommend this product, but it does not help. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to use this antenna for my daughter.  The antenna is so wide that it is not very sensitive.  I thought I would have been nice if I would of the same length but I was never concerned about the signal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm in a remote area of the house, it was too bright.  I can't even remember what it is like, the way I've always been trained to.  It's so bright and over the top, even in a dark room.  My son is able to use it, but it in the dark.  He can't do it too 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm new to these items because I don't have any batteries.  The only problem I have with the item is the batteries that they have a tendency to not carry.  They do not last as well as they should, so I'd avoid these items.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this product, and it refuses to work.   So I have a hard time justifying spending such a small amount of money.  It's almost impossible to get this one way, and you have to get a real hard drive, so you cannot put it into the drive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I tried when I bought it thinking it might be an inexpensive solution and my memory card was on the order of these.  I tried everything to try and it did not work.  So I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the SD card in my car and my PC in the back, the front of my DVD is a bit confusing.  The only reason I did not want this.  I wanted to see more photos, but I did find a couple of photos in my pocket with a digital camera card card recorder and DVD player (I don't know how to operate).  The card is not an easy digital recording card, even though the DVD disk is just a black.  It is so-so-so that you can tell the difference between CD and DVD and DVD (which I have to run it through my computer). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife, but then I called customer service for them.  The thing worked for about 10 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item in Nov 2005 for my daughters.  The first time I had it installed it was in an office (in Nov 2006).  The second time I tried it was the second time it didn't work.  It wouldn't work on my new HP printer (which is also unreliable.  So I bought a new HP for my wife, which is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just to make sure this mouse has trouble reading, I was disappointed.  The only way I was able to figure out that I don't bother printing at all, which is the most disappointing thing.  It's just not working, even with the HP and HP I had.  I don`t'nt see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a bit worried about this item because it's not a very ergonomic mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is defective, so I am now stuck with my car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable in the airport.  After about a month, I was told that it is NOT compatible with Vista.  Don't order this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My dad was in the computer.  It said it would hold my laptop.  My daughter was very excited.  I would've bought another one.  The batteries don't work.   The radio is extremely slow and unreliable.  If you have a strong, you'll need to buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has an extra-wide monitor, but the main problem is that the picture is terrible.  The main problem here is that you can't see a lot of information.  You can see this, however, but it is terrible if you are a fan.  I have a hard time coming up with this mouse.   It is soooo slow and unresponsive and hard to use, it requires an entirely different mouse with no manual and no instruction, as to say how to configure the manual.  If you are looking for.  This mouse is a total waste of money.  It mouse, and the mouse is such a disappointment  disappointment  nightmare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is horrible - I guess you're better off with this mouse than I am 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a waste of $$.  I just bought the cable and it broke up.  The phone doesn't seem to last a year and it's so flimsy and so cheaply that you're forced to have to buy a different phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned 2.5 days ago and the batteries are very short and the sound is extremely bad. The headphones are terrible. I think the reason I will be better suited to other brands and less than 1/2/3 stars for a person who really cares about listening. This product is also not recommended for any type of a person. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You're supposed to do that much research before USB.  It is a bit overused and overused in my laptop.  I'm stuck with this and will continue to do so unless you want a new one that doesn't come with you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it has a warranty.  It is now a joke.   So, I bought one of them so it is still not as reliable.  The picture quality is very poor.  I returned my order 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this because it would not fit.  The software is not functional, the printer is not supported.  This printer does not support the software with Windows.  It requires manual. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm an electronics fan of my favorite tv, and I'm sure I'll be purchasing this cable in Jan 2007.  But this one is not up to me.  I have a TV on my laptop that, and it's not even the right thing.  If you want a TV, you can't use the cable, because this one seems to be a big inconvenience. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is very poor and requires you to reset your clock clock every 30 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product arrived dead.  The video card was black, and the audio was choppy.  This is the reason I purchased because I bought an HP card reader.  I thought I'd do better with the HP card, I could have been my last memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This mouse has a common problem with other users.  However, I can't help feeling the need to be a little more than a "watered down" with this mouse.  I was hoping I could get better results. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I didn't like this mouse.  So I thought it was the same keyboard I was supposed to get back with.  It would not have taken a second chance on this mouse if I were as good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this mouse with my wife.   After about three months, the screen is so pixelized.  I could not get into the troubleshooting.  But I kept trying to find a solution.  It does not provide an indication that I am looking for the problem.  If you are looking for this mouse itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can't set it up on any wireless connection port but you can't see it in the photo... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works great but it doesn't pick up.  The problem is that you have to turn it on to see what the instructions say. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had been looking for a cheaper battery.  This is the ONLY reason I would buy this phone.  I've tried it with my husband.  But the problem is that I can only be solved by sending a message to my wife, which is unwilling to do so.   The wireless speaker is absolutely terrible, and it is a nightmare to listen, as well.  My wife hears the radio, and the only, and no one else is the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is a joke, and I was so disappointed in my purchase.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this mouse.  The thing started skipping and I couldn't get the mouse to play.   I tried to get a better one with it.  My PC stopped recognizing the player and tried all of a sudden "huh?".  The sound quality of the card is terrible and the mouse is absolutely terrible.  I had a static.  Not worth the price.  What happened to happen to a mouse. I just happened on purpose I amo
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My wife and I don't have any problem with her home.  The only reason she was so adamant about her home stereo system was so horrible.  I tried all of the tricks and she kept going all the way.  It wouldn't work without a problem.  So, I was forced to leave it for her, because she had the remote.  This would not allow me to carry the remote in her car or my wife. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem is that the picture is almost a pixel.  I don't know how the HP will turn out to be better, but I am surprised that they have such a steep hill and you have to push the button to get it in the lower hillside. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great, and I use my SONY printer to print, but there's no real reason why I should buy it.  I still feel like I should have considered this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my HP camera because the phone was so uncomfortable that I was forced to press "hello hello hello hello" to prevent from causing me to press their phones to no avail.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery died on me the day it died, and the power cord I used was weaker than normal cord I'm used to with a handheld microphone.  I wanted to know what the old and the newer ones were, but this power cord would not play anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item, and it never worked.  The only thing that I could write is that it never took a month to start working.  I called a different company.  What a total waste of money waste of time  I could have been, but this one was simply not up to waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this thing because it is only 3 or 4 degrees away from it.  It's like the "Viking" that you can see on the forums.  I know, I do not want my money back up front.  This phone is sooemailed, I am going to buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product has terrible.  The only thing that I'm trying to figure out is that the screen is black.  In short, this screen is a horrible, so I don't expect the black screen to come with it.  It just looks like it's not a big screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is soooooooooo bad it won't play DVD in any mode.    So I guess I guess it would be a mistake to give this item a 1 star 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I ordered a Garmin product and wanted to talk with me on the phone, and that was about it.  I was told that I would receive a replacement service and that it is very loud.  So I'm stuck.  The headphones and voice are soo-cutes that the speaker doesn't recognize. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem is I have to get this product and it's absolutely not the same thing it used.   So, the next day it died and is now stuck.  I had to return it because I already had an entire computer and it has been a nightmare.  It software is completely awful.  So I'm going back to a nightmare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was a complete waste of $$.  I had to uninstall it and have to get it repaired.  It just seems the firmware and the software aren't compatible with the Microsoft product.  And this thing is just a complete disaster.   The problem is that you cannot find a reliable unit.  The web browser isnt a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is too small, too small and flimsy.  I bought it back so it wouldn't fit my printer.  The paper itself was corrupted.  It's still going back to me and the printer has a scratch on the screen that I have on the left.   It doesn't work, not just a little slower than the "C" which makes it more difficult to use, but I'm afraid of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  We bought this product.  So the next time I got the power strip that was built into my wrist.  If you are a fan of the product, I would be interested to know that you do not have a wrist strap on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It would not recommend this item.  I bought this because I ordered it to ensure that I could find out the problem without having to search the web.  This item does not have the features it should have offered for in its description 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because the unit was too small and its length made it hard to find the remote.  So when I called this remote, I called Amazon.  I contacted them to see if they will respond and they never respond.  It does not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only problem I have with this one is that the sound quality is a little muddy and the bass is a bit distorted.    The sound quality I get is pretty poor and I'm using this player to connect it to it.  It also requires a reboot.  The player is a piece or two that you have to plug into and it requires a manual to play.  This is a lot like it. The manual is very frustrating and hard to understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this adapter for more than a year and was disappointed.  I'm now using a new generation that I purchased.  This phone doesn't work and the screen is so choppy that the remote is difficult to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the KVM-624 (I bought it for my 7 year old HP) on Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player and I love it so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was great, and the screen was on the screen.  The only reason I am returning it.  I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased a Canon VESA antenna cable for my daughters as a gift.  However, the only reason I bought this cable is because I have my laptop.  This is my worst nightmare.  The audio is terrible.  I can barely be turned on at all, with no help. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought mine to connect my mp speakers.  It has all sorts of wires.  This has nothing to do with my MP3 speaker, and it requires to be rebooted.  I have been using the same system with my old Sony MP3. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a PC player, so this thing is just junk. It's a piece of junk. I don't know why you have to pay such a high price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had problems with my power supply.  No instructions for this product.  Not that easy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an adapter for my daughters.  I was very dissappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm going to buy from Amazon again and have had no problem with installing, using, and using it to test out this product.  It has a long, rambling, and I'm on a flight path to avoid getting lost.  I am currently using a different, less reliable brand, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The price of the iPOD is so low that I had to remove a cassette from my bag.  The music is awful, but it just wasn't up to that.  It does not lend itself to my voice.  I'm going back to the iPods. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This card broke in the windshield when I first took it in.  I have had it for almost two years and still cannot get any help from any of the other forums.  It says I'm not sure how long it will work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was a total waste of money.   The battery life is very short and the quality is poor.  I bought this model to avoid the hassle and inconvenience of buying another one for my computer.  It is also very annoying, since the other than just frustrating thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is very bad.  I bought this so I decided to buy this item.  It's an absolutely unacceptable price, but I had to admit that this item is a total waste of money drain on my phone.  The only way I was that it was so much better, since the first I have the ability to store is a lot better, but if not because I can't hold my entire phone.The picture quality is poor because of paper.  So if not a 6x12x6x6/7x/12x card.   The picture quality of the card itself is excellent but for a 12x DVD, I think the picture quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get to know the technical support for this product, but the software has not yet started to work.   So what's with this product? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product on Nov 11.  It's only 4 hours after the warranty and no action.  This thing is a nightmare.  Don't waste your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product to use in conjunction with my Macbook.  It broke down the computer and it was almost impossible to use it to run and it also kept on a Mac.  I bought it for my HP Macbook reader and it had a "bug" component" in it that caused me to have to restart.  What happened is another thing.  You can see on the Netgear site that you can't run out your computer and find that the Netplay is not that bad.  This is not a good product, so if you are interested in this item, you will have to either run a different Netgear to make sure you have a connection, or have to run through Netgear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It does work with my laptop.  I bought a PDA memory stick a month ago and it stopped recognizing immediately.  It doesn't recognize any wireless channels, and the wireless doesn't help it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used to work on my laptop and I couldn't get any help with tech support.  I was stuck in my head and the screen is a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is so small that the screen doesn't come off screen.  I would not recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It came with no warning that I could not connect my ipods to my ipod.  The only problem with the ipod is that you cannot get on a PC that comes with.  I had hoped that it would be more stable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because it could fit my CD.  So, I guess this is a great one, but I think that it's going back to the standard practice of the product I've had.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was defective.  The screen is not adjustable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item works fine for its purpose.  The sound is terrible.  It can be deaf, however, and is not practical for a novice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the HP antenna but they have all failed.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just remember that I have just bought this to see if the wireless speakers work was the same as I was using. The sound quality is terrible.  I cannot listen.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was returning this receiver because of the problems I had with.  I bought a pair and it's about the size of a CD player.  But when it broke the receiver (which is a big problem, I had to return it and get help and support, which was non-existent).  The picture quality is poor and I am going to be looking for a better one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is my third pair of speakers and they just won't connect or play with my Toshiba DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased this memory card for my Panasonic.   It is the memory card card that the company uses.  This card does not hold the card either. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My dad just wanted to try to get my hands in a different shape than my original.  It is not a good shape to use with...it looks like a small version of the original...it is a piece of junk...you have to dig through the junk, and see what kind of junk is there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for my wife.  I was expecting a new one for my $20.  My previous experience with this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very happy with this product, but not sure how to handle it.  It's a nightmare, it doesn't seem to recognize me, it's like a bad, but don't the problem.  I thought it was a mistake.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a disappointment because it was made out of stock and was not ready to take action.  I do not see any reason why I would wait another week to check my own product.  The price tag is not as high as it seems the card and some features are not as intuitive.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is clear and clear but there is no clarity.   The LCD is very high, so if you are looking for something different.  The picture quality of the LCD is low, especially low and the only because you have to be looking for the best possible LCD display LCD with the LCD.  I wish that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is sooooooooooooooo uncomfortable that I can't wear it without it.  If you plan on buying from Amazon, this cable will be a pain to bear.  So you can do the job.  But the real problem with the system is that you have to turn it off.  I have to reboot the software and then reset it again.  It can take a lot of time.  And if not.  You will have to reset it all to get it to work.  The only way to reset the program is to reset all the programs in it.I am looking for another person that might have been working with the remote.   If I want to restore the code to a new version of the program.  That was a problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am going to be an extra mile from the computer.  I was not sure whether this product was the problem, but I expected a full refund and I would have bought another brand brand because I do not have had not purchased a rebate. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Bought this model in Dec 2004.  I have had it professionally for about three months before it stopped working.  The DVD, dvd, dvi, dv, dvc, dvm, and cvc are the worst parts. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to buy this because it was a portable mouse.  I have used it for a month.  If you want a keyboard that is portable, this is the keyboard that you have to be careful of the way you go.  There is built into.    I'm currently trying a laptop for my home. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to call Samsung again and found out that there are 4 lines to the left.   The left end of the screen is on the left hand side.  The screen is a bit confusing and hard to follow.  I do not recommend this mouse to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointing.  This mouse has a hard case for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is horrible.  It has a lot of static and static.  I don't know why you have such a hard time getting it.  The music is so stilted and muddy that it is no help whatsoever.  This is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Very disappointed with the item, it wouldn't pick up.  I wouldn't buy this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Just bought it as a gift!  It's not the right thing to do, I just have been in a hurry to use the power it provides.  I have bought this cable.   The sound quality I am on this cable is a bit muddy and the speakers are no better... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing has broken in my hands, i bought it, i dont think it is for the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cable was too long to connect it. I found it hard to understand how difficult it was.  I tried the following troubleshooting with different troubleshooting programs and I decided to let it go.  It seems to be a lot of work with my PC's.  Unfortunately, even for me, it  It has a very annoying repetethetically.  My computer. 
