Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice device and the sound is great!  It's hard to go wrong with this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Excellent product at a good price. I am not a huge fan of electronic products, but I can't live without my iPod. The battery life is outstanding and the size is perfect for me. It's so handy that I just bought another for my wife to enjoy. The price was excellent and shipping was very fast. I would buy this product again in a heartbeat.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- It's an excellent tool to keep your phone safe. It is very easy to use and looks very stylish. It's very handy for anyone who wants to keep their phone in a pocket or purse. You will have to pay a little more for the nicer ones, but this one is worth the money.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  6 of 6 people found this review constructive.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this camera for my daughter as she is taking the first step to start using digital cameras. It has worked perfectly, I've used it for about two weeks and only have a few problems. The camera is easy to set up and the software has worked flawlessly. The only problem I had was a power outage and the camera had to be reset. I hope that in the future the camera will have a more stable battery. I will be buying a second camera for future use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone6s  This is a great smartphone for its price range, however if you want the best quality this phone is definitely not for you. The device itself is not bad, but there are some quality issues. The phone is very small for its size. The screen is pretty dim which makes for a dark screen. The buttons are not the best either, the fingerprint sensor is just a little too sensitive, but it is a very small flaw in a good phone. The battery life is also mediocre, I get about 3 days of usage from the 16gb of internal memory. However the device is quite light weight which is great, but the battery does get very hot. The camera is ok, the only problem with it is that the flash is a little hard to focus. All in all this is a good smartphone for the money, but if you are a camera junkie you might not like this phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I am a very happy camper. I bought this camper back in December and was pleasantly surprised by the build quality. It took me a few days to get it to assemble and the instructions were not very clear on how to assemble it but after I did it was easy. It has a lot of space and is pretty comfortable to sleep in. I was very happy with the price and the fact that it came with a mattress. I would definitely recommend this cam per for those who want a very comfortable and inexpensive camper that will last for a while.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the msm621 and i really like it. Its the only one i've tried that can actually be used in a "real" environment. ive used it in my office, on the road, in a car, at a friend's house, etc. i'm able to get it to work on my iphone 6, which is pretty awesome. i can't recommend this enough.   i did have a small problem, but it was a very easy fix. i bought the micro usb cable and connected the mcs to the usb cable that came with the device. this is not a good idea, as it may cause the phone to go into a "panic" mode, i dont know if this is a problem that can be fixed or just my device. i have also read that if you use a usb cable on the back of the phone, you may also get a small electrical problem.   The device is very easy to use and very simple to setup. I am using it on my iPhone 6. I have never had a problem using the phone.  , but i can see why people might have a problem with the price for a device like this. it is a little more than a typical phone charger, and if you get one that has the usb port on the side of it, the msl621 may not work for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My only issue is that it's a little hard to use. The buttons are just a little harder to press than they should be. You have to use both hands to press them, and it's not a pleasant task. It's the type of thing that could be fixed with a little design tweak, but it's really not worth the hassle. I was hoping for a more ergonomic, easier to use keyboard. I do really like the idea of the backlight though.  I really like this keyboard, although the keycaps feel a bit too soft for my tastes. I bought this to replace my laptop's old, old, dead, slow keyboard. This keyboard is awesome! The keys are super firm and the spacing between keys is great. The only complaint I have is the backlighting. It only works with the brightness on "high". I think that the light on this keyboard needs to be on "low" instead of "high" to work properly. It would be nice if the light would come on when the keyboard is turned off as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is a good device, especially for the price. I've used this for a few months and it has performed perfectly. It's fast, quiet, and very reliable. I like the fact that it comes with a micro usb cable. I haven't used any other power supplies yet, but this is a great one to have around.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    "The unit works as advertised. I have used a wireless speaker in a similar product before, but I've always been disappointed with it. This unit is very simple and the sound is very good. You get a great balance of low-end and high-end with no distortion or harshness. I like the touch control buttons as well, as it allows me to tweak the volume without having to look at the unit. It also lets me turn the volume on or off without having my hand on the control. I am impressed."   5 stars for the product:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this for about a month now and it is a great little unit.  The only reason why I am not giving it a 5 star rating is because the remote control seems to be a bit loose.  I would not buy this again but if you need a great remote control for your digital camera, this is a good option.  Read more reviews...
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this for several months now, and the quality of sound is good and the volume level is perfect. ive never used an iphone before and i was looking for a good quality unit. its good to be able to have it at my home, and to listen to music with my other devices in the house. if you are looking for an ipod or an ipod mini this is for you, but i would recommend getting a good sound card like sennheiser, it does cost a little more, but the sound quality is just great.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second Philips product I have purchased. The first one I purchased from a different retailer and it worked flawlessly. I was a little nervous that I was buying the wrong product because it was sold at a higher price point than the Philips product. I have had no issues at all. I'm very happy with the purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used my fx700 for over 2 years now and it's still going strong after about 600 uses. i have been very pleased with the build quality and the fact that the fx-700 can handle all my audio gear without any issues. i've used it to drive my iphone 6, iphones 6s, ipods 6, 6 plus and iphon 7s. i also have a 2 pair of hdmi headphones which i use on my computer to play my ipods, and i have a tv and a monitor. if you want a good sounding system for your music then the fc700 is the one.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ The sound quality of this device is outstanding, with a clear and very wide soundstage. I have been listening to this on the bus for about 4 hours a day for the last two weeks and am very pleased with the sound. I use the system for classical music and this has really taken the place of my old Yamaha system. I would not go out of my way to purchase another set of speakers but if you need to, the Yamaha has many advantages. I like the fact that I can put the speakers anywhere on the wall and not have to worry about placement, but the soundstage is also very good. I think this is a great system for people who have a small budget and need to get some great sound in a small space.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great unit for the price. The batteries last forever. The sound quality is amazing, and the control panel is simple and easy to use. I would recommend this to anyone. A very good unit:    The Yamaha A2 is one of the best compact stereo headphones I have ever used. This is a very simple and elegant design that really works well. The noise cancelling is amazing and I use it with my computer as well as my iPod, so it's a versatile unit as well. It also has an input for headphones, which is great. Overall, it's one of my top 5 all time favorite products.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    - March 16, 2013 Excellent sound quality. I was looking for a cheap, small, and reliable portable music player. The Ipod Nano is exactly what I was seeking. I have not been disappointed yet. I highly recommend this to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this device about two weeks ago and I have to say that it works great!  My old electronic device had a really bad battery.  This one doesn't.    I use it on the road and I never have to worry about it dying.  I also like the fact that I can use this with my car radio and my mp3 player, I can even play music and watch videos without using my hands.  So, I give it a thumbs up!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The iPad mini is a fantastic device. It is very fast and powerful. The only downside is that it does have a lot of problems. But it's still a great product and worth the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ Excellent little piece of gear. I had been looking for an external drive for a couple years and finally bought this one, even though the price is a bit high. This external drive is very easy to use and setup. The speed of the drive is good for the size and has a lot of headroom for any size drive. It has a small footprint but not that small. It is very quiet, even when moving at high speeds. The unit I have is the 2.5'' version which is what I purchased and the 2'' version is pretty good. The 2.0'' model I have will fit into a few other 3.5" drives. I would definitely recommend this item to anyone looking for a high speed drive.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this device for watching movies, but the built-in mic is great for voice recording (especially on a mobile device). This is a great product that is well worth the price. Great for those who love movies:    It is a little bigger than the original Sony Walkman but it is great! I have to admit that I am a huge fan of music videos and movies. I love to listen to music and watch movies. This is great because I can listen to a song while I watch a movie. I highly recommend this device. I have yet to find anything that beats it. This is the best portable blu-ray player I've ever used!   The sound quality is excellent! This player will hold up for years to come! I also love that it can play my DVDs and CDs. I'm really happy with my purchase. It's also easy to use.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ It's a good, well designed device. I use it with my iPhone 6 plus for all of my media needs, and the device works very well. I'm glad I bought this one. I've been using it for a while now, and I haven't had any problems with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought a 3d printer at a friend's garage sale.  The price was a little high but the print quality was excellent and the design was very simple.   I was able to get a decent 3d model of my house that I could actually use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I was looking for a good compact desktop computer, and this is perfect for the job. It is very small, easy to operate, and easy to install.   The keyboard is very nice, and is well-designed. It has a good feel to it. The screen is very bright, and it does a great job of showing the colors on the screen. The only negative I can say is that I had to take the keyboard off to put the keyboard back on.  :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  Great product - a good value  Good for a basic setup.  The screen is tiny but good.   I bought this to play a bit of Doom 2 and was pleasantly surprised. It was simple to set up, worked great, and the quality of the sound is good. The only reason it's not 5 stars is that the port is very hard to plug in. The little button that controls the sound volume is not very sensitive, and you have to be really careful. Also, the only way to adjust the volume is to hit the button again to change it. This is a minor issue, but it's something I wouldn't use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! This is a wonderful product and a great value. I bought this as a gift for my brother. I just got my second one and love it. I do wish the micro USB port had a 3.5mm input and the headphone jack was at the end but that's a minor complaint. It does a great job of playing music on the computer and the headphones sound good too.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good price and good quality I bought two of these. The first one was not working. The second one was working just fine. The only thing I didn't like about this unit is that I wish they had a longer cable, but otherwise it's great.  (I am using this with an old MacBook Pro. It is very quiet. The quality is good.)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ My new Sony TCD-D3 has been an absolute hit. I purchased the TCD and was very skeptical. I've seen some negative reviews but I just got mine a few days ago and I am very pleased with my purchase. The TCD has great sound quality and is very light weight. The battery lasts a long time so I never have to worry about having to charge it. The only issue I have with it is the fact that the remote control is hard to find on the remote and it gets in the way of the camera when in the hand. That being said I highly recommend the TCCD-D1 as a cheaper alternative to the Tcd. I will definitely be purchasing the TccD-1 in the future.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought the Apple TV 4 (4th generation) as a gift for my wife and she loves it. We have a couple of games on it and it's great!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The battery lasted for a very long time. The display was very easy to use and the volume control was very useful. I would recommend this product to a friend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I purchased the S3 for use in my home studio and it works great for its intended purpose. I have an old MacBook Pro but have wanted an external keyboard/mouse for some time. I also have a couple of old Sony CD players that can be used as audio interfaces with my MacBook but I wanted something a bit more versatile. This little device has all the features I needed and a few extras that I love. The built in microphone works great on both Mac and PC and the USB and optical inputs are nice. I'm a musician and I find this a lot better than a built in CD player. I will probably be buying a second one for my other computers as well.  Rated 4 out of 5 by JG from Great product The only thing I could say bad about this is that you have to get a little tricky when you plug it in. The directions say that the plug has a screw that you should use to turn it. The plug doesn't come with a screw. So you have no idea how to get it on. But I eventually got it working. It does not take a ton of power to get the best out of this. The other thing is that it doesn't charge very fast, which is annoying. . The only problem I have with this is getting the unit to work. I found it a bit tricky to get to the "power on" button on the back. So I bought the "L" version. So far I'm satisfied. -
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've only owned the Korg KX3, but have heard great things about the KX7. The sound is not the best on the K3, and is somewhat flat in comparison, but the K7 is so much better in so many ways. The K7 sounds much fuller than the Kx3 and has more detail. The bass has much more impact and a great punch. The highs have more presence and more air to them. The mids have more air as well. The instruments are not as bright on the X3 but the difference in sound is noticeable. The only issue I've found with the K X7 is that the buttons are somewhat difficult to press and are sometimes hard to hit. I also noticed that the volume knob is slightly too close to the power button. Also, it can take a few tries to get the controls to work the way they should. Overall I love the K-X7 and am glad to have it in my arsenal. The price is also quite good and I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've bought this device twice and I am happy to say that it is a very good and reliable device. I'm a programmer and have a small company with many computers to program. I use this device to edit text files and word files. I have not had a problem with it so far. The buttons are a bit too small for my hands and I have to use my fingers to press the buttons. The only problem I had was that the computer was so hot that it burned my hand when I pressed it. I thought I would never use this again, but after my second purchase I have used it daily for about 6 months and am very satisfied with it.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The A/V output of this TV is very good. The sound is loud enough to be noticed even by people in the front row. The picture quality is clear and crisp. The image is crisp and bright.   This is a great tv for a good price.  :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have a Dell iMac that I've owned since it was a second hand laptop. I replaced the screen, power adapter and hard drive about a year ago.   The Dell is the best laptop I've ever owned. I have to admit, I was a little concerned when I purchased it, as I was concerned about how well the battery would hold up. I did notice a slight decline in the battery life in the weeks following the replacement, but it's only been a week and a half and it seems to be holding up great.   a month ago I replaced all my cables and a year later the battery is still working. I've had to charge it a few times during the week. The laptop is not heavy and I can use it while I'm out and about, it just needs to be charged more frequently than the other two laptops I own.   The screen is nice and bright. I like how the screen is adjustable from the back. I think a screen this size is nice for when you have a smaller laptop.     One thing I have noticed that bothers me is the lack of speakers in the keyboard. When I use a laptop, I can always hear the fans when they're working. The speakers on this laptop are not loud enough.   "I really love this product. It's easy to use, great quality, and has great features. It also came with a few cables that I was able to cut off, making the whole process a breeze. I'm also very pleased with the price." - T.R.   in a nutshell, I recommend this laptop to everyone who is looking for a portable computer with good performance.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased this item to replace a broken computer mouse that my daughter had had for years. The unit arrived very quickly. The packaging was very well done. I like that the cable has a snap to it. The buttons are easy to press. The only problem I had was that it did not work with my daughter's mouse, it worked fine with her keyboard. It has a very good price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was in the market for a cheap, reliable electronic device and I was able to find this product on sale. It worked as advertised. I am very happy with my purchase. It is very simple and easy to use. It would be nice if there were a more detailed instruction manual.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The best part about this is that you can change the frequency of the rf so that you dont have to run the radio when the batteries are dead. If you want to use a small portable radio, you can get it from Amazon  : In the end, I think I have had my eye on the JVC KW-XB100 for a long time now, but I just couldn't justify buying it. The reason I got this one is that I had to have a portable radio and the KWXB is a great alternative to the expensive portable radios I had. You can't go wrong with this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first ever laptop, and I can honestly say I love it. The build quality is amazing, and the keyboard is pretty good. The biggest benefit I can see from this is it has a built in battery so you don't have to carry a charger around with you when you are out and about. I was originally going to get the black keyboard but the green one was only $10 more. I also bought this one in the black and blue color scheme. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 22, 2016  Great laptop, but cheap batteries  by Mike from San Jose CA USA  Pros: Built like a tank, great keyboard  Cons: Battery life is short. Only good for a little more than an hour of use.  Review: This laptop is great. I love the keyboard, the trackpad is awesome, and there is just so much you can do with it. However, it comes with a single AAA battery that will die in about 5 hours. This means that unless you are really out and want to have your laptop go from zero to 100 in about 3 hours, you will be out of juice by the time you get home. If you are using this laptop for work, it's a great option. If not, you are better off spending $500 on a better battery.  "I just love this computer. It's the first thing I've ever owned that actually feels good in my hands. I use it for work but I also use it at home. I'm a PC guy and have owned every other brand out there. This is by far the best one I've owned."  Was This Review Helpful? Yes Yes Saturday, March 23, 2016
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "When I get into a good book, I don't mind getting a little wet. I just want to keep reading."  -Saul Bellow
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received my GSM-S900 for Christmas and I'm really pleased with it.  The only thing I'd like to see is an additional feature like a USB port for my phone, but I'm sure the GSM would handle that just fine.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a great little amp! I was looking for a way to get my guitar or bass into a more digital world. I got the Blue version, and it's a great sounding unit. The only thing that I wish they could have included with the Blue was a cable with a 1/4" plug in the middle, instead of a straight one, but that's a minor gripe. Also, if you want to use it as a preamp, get a stereo amp that's not a "single-ended" or "single ended" preamp. This one is a single-ended preamp; I use the Blue to preamp my guitar. It does a great job with my preamp too. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase! I will be buying more of these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  This is a very good radio. The antenna does not work with my Kenwood TH-X500, which I've used for a couple of years now. I can't figure out what's wrong with it. I bought a new antenna, a new radio, and a new battery. I'm now in the process of re-learning how to use a radio. I've got about 3-4 weeks left of radio time before I have to give this one up. I'll use my new antenna on my old radio and see if that fixes it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this for about a month now and it works great. I have used it for everything from making phone calls to browsing the internet. I do use a battery grip to keep the battery from getting hot. It does take some getting used to, but overall it is very well made. I love the large buttons. Rated 5 out of 5 by Mck from Best portable bluetooth headset. It is the perfect bluetooth speaker for a small and light portable speaker. It can easily be used for voice calling, text messaging, or just browsing the web with music. It's very compact, and it's rechargeable via a usb cable. I also like the fact that it has an auto on feature to get the speakers loud in the dark. The noise cancellation works well, and I use it for phone calls as well. It also comes with a case. I can only recommend this device.  Rated 3 out of 3 by Cdub from The quality is ok, but the bluetooth connection is weak. It doesn't have any power or a sound. I would recommend to get a rechargeable battery and a good sound quality.  "Great for the price, not for the audio quality"  "A great bluetooth stereo headset that has a great sound"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using a sony a7r for a couple of weeks now, and it's a good device! ive had it for a week, and im quite impressed. ive used the camera and video functions, and the sound is pretty good, especially for a portable. its small, but that's a plus, as it takes up very little space.  the only negative i have is that the batteries are not replaceable, but its not a big deal, as i could get a replacement with a few hours of searching the net.  overall, a very good device, and very easy to use.   5/5 Best Portable Digital Camera I've ever owned. I've owned the sony RX100 for years, but I was looking for a digital camera that is not heavy and bulky, and this is it. The only con is the battery life is a bit weak. But if you have a big screen and you're a photographer, this is a must have. It's also very small and lightweight.  1/5 The camera's performance is great. The images look great. However, the battery is not as good as my sony A6000 and is not replaceble. This is the first time i have a camera with a removable battery. So I'm a little disappointed.  a good camera but i want a better one i bought this camera a couple months ago and i am very impressed. the photos it takes are very clear. however the battery that comes with it is the weak link. the camera lasts about 2 hours and 30 minutes of continuous recording but the battery lasts about 10-12 hours and only about 5-6 hours of use after that. that is very poor. i bought the sennheiser ampro 4 with a detachable battery and it has a much better battery life. i am so disappointed that there is a weak battery on the senna RX100. i have tried replacing the battery but i have yet to find a good one. if you are looking for the best camera this is definitely the one. but if your looking for battery life you will have to buy the sara senn hei 4.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am not sure if the original idea behind this was to make a cheap, but well built, portable digital assistant. But the design and construction of this thing is solid, and very easy to use. I think that the only negative point I have is that you need to use a lot of force to use the mouse, but I haven't had any problems with the device itself. I have had this for about a week and have had it hooked up to a laptop and a printer, and the device works well, and there is no need to get the adapter cable. This is a great product, and it will be useful in my work environment.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit arrived on time and worked as expected. The only complaint I have is that the buttons are not easily accessible, but that's probably a design choice. I really like the design and functionality of the device and would recommend it to others.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great keyboard. I bought this one and was not disappointed at all. I use it for my work and it works perfectly for me. I highly recommend this keyboard. It's nice and sturdy, and the keys are easy to press. I would definitely buy this keyboard again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I was really happy with this purchase. The price was right, the quality is great, and it's easy to use. I am really looking forward to upgrading my current system to this one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 18, 2016  Works as advertised  by Michael from Houston TX USA  Review: This is my second iBasso Pro. The first was a few years ago, I've had problems with both the battery and the connectors. I got the upgrade kit and bought the adapter. Works like a charm. ....  My only complaint is that the power button does not go back into the top of the unit. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using the K-Meter for over a year now and it has never let me down. The unit is sturdy, and is built to last.  It is very accurate, and has never given me any false readings.  I can be very thorough when reviewing the product, so please do not take anything in a negative light.    I highly recommend this product to anyone who needs to measure a lot of data in a short period of time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The quality is good. It is simple to use and doesn't take a lot of brain power to use. The sound quality is excellent. The battery life is decent. I would not buy another brand because of this device.   Would I recommend it to a friend:     the best and only electronic device I use for my computer   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this a few times for video recording. i use it for video capture on a laptop and its great at its job. very fast and easy to use.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good tool! I use this for video and audio recording, and it is very easy to work with and get good audio out. It works well with a laptop, but also works great on my MacBook Pro. I'm using it with the built-in microphone, which is a plus.  I'm still a bit skeptical of the battery life, but it's not bad. It's not like the old timey battery powered ones where you have to wait 30 seconds before the screen came on (or when you try to switch back to your other screen). This thing is just a good little camera, I love it. -Chris  The product is great, very easy and fast to use, great quality, good audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The sound quality is good but I have noticed the buttons on the front of the device are a bit loose. It is very easy to slide my thumb down the middle of the button and move it to the other side. It also makes it very easy for your hand to move around. I also have noticed that the back of the phone is a bit thin and will need to be thicker. But it still is good quality for the price.  Did you find this helpful?  Was this helpful?  Yes / No  Thanks for your feedback.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the Nook Glowlight 2 because of its size and because it has a built in flashlight, which I find very useful. It's not that much bigger than a pen, and I like the color it is. The only negative thing is that the flashlight isn't built in to the case, but it is in the box. I also have the Glowlight, and it's much better. The quality is much better, and the light comes on instantly. The only downside is that when you get it out of the box, it's not exactly a "plug and play" device. The light is a little difficult to turn on, but once you do, it works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great device, if only I had bought one years ago. I am using it now, and my wife is using it in the living room. I use it for my laptop when I go out of town. It's very handy, I just wish it had a more sturdy design. But it's a very good device. I just got it and have used it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************** The unit works very well. I like the idea of a compact unit that is easy to operate. The display is clear, and easy to use. I purchased the unit for use at work as a remote control for a portable DVD player. I was able to use it to navigate my DVD library quickly and easily. This is a great device for those who like to watch movies at work. ******************** I bought this unit to replace my old digital camcorder. It worked perfectly with the camcorders. I have been using it to watch videos of my son while I work at home. I can also use it as a VCR remote. The only thing that I would recommend is that there should be an on screen display of the time. The unit would be much more useful if it would have a clock on the front.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a nice unit for the price, very solid construction and easy to use. Great for those who want a basic audio player.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a very cool little device.  I can use it to play music and I can use my phone to control it.  It works great.   I'm a bit disappointed with it being a phone, but I like the ability to use my device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________ This is the only one that I own and it is perfect! It is easy to use and has an easy to read display. This is my first smart device and I am so happy that I have purchased this. I love that I don't have to look at the back of the device or the instructions anymore. It's nice to have something I can just pick up and start using. I would recommend this to anyone!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my mn2x since April 2012, and it's been just fine. i was using my m8 as a daily driver, and i got tired of having to carry a power brick in the pocket or carry around extra chargers. after trying several options, i decided to get the mn 2x. its lightweight, very portable, and has all the functionality i was looking for in a m8. i'm extremely happy with it.  I can't say enough about the m8: it's the first thing I got from my brother's old job, and the first device I've ever purchased on my own. I've been using it ever since. This thing is a beast, but it's lightweight. I like to use my phone to keep me entertained, but the battery can drain if I'm just sitting around. Thats why the mx2 is so nice - the m2 is just so much easier to use. The mx 2x comes with a charger, but you can use it with an external charger, so you don't need to carry around a big, bulky cord. The only thing I would change is the little bit of weight. I'm getting a smaller phone now, but I want a thicker one. This is the perfect size for me. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "A lot of things in life are just a matter of timing"   "Time is money, money is time, and time is money"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this to replace my broken Sony CD player. I have been very happy with this product and am very pleased with the ease of setup and installation. The sound quality is good for the price. I don't have a TV to compare it to, but I can't say that the TV sound is bad.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great device. The price is right and the features are great. I have the samsung galaxy note 7 and I found the s7 to be more comfortable to hold, but I can't say the same for the s6. The only thing I don't like about it is that it takes a little bit longer to turn the screen off, but it's only like 1.5 min longer. If I had to pick one of the two I would go with the s5. I love the screen. I'm not a huge fan of the back button though, it just doesn't feel like it's very well designed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have been using this product for a year now, and I love it. It's very convenient and very easy to use. I love that the button on the front allows me to adjust the settings, and the LED light on the bottom of the unit gives a good indication of what the settings are for. I'm also very pleased that I was able to use this with the remote control on my VCR. It is nice to be able to adjust my volume at will without having to open the front panel. It makes my VHS collection a lot easier to find, as it shows what movies I have.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________  I am very happy with this product. It is very easy to use and it is very reliable. I have owned a few other products in the past, but I would not have expected anything better from this company. I will definitely be buying more from them in the future.  -T  Customer service is excellent. They are responsive and answer my questions as well as help me troubleshoot problems. Thank you. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm not a big fan of the look of the LCD screen on the Samsung Note 4. I have the white one with the black back, but I'm not sure if it's worth it to pay a lot of money for it. I don't like the way the bezel is curved so it's difficult to look at the screen from the front. Also, I don  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** A good device. ******** The sound quality is very good, it's easy to use.   It's very quiet.  I don't know why the instructions say to turn it off when you are done.  A very good unit.  My only complaint is that it only comes with 2 buttons and one of them is not labeled. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had the chance to use the ZEN1 for the first time and I must say that it's very well-made. It is very light and portable. The only thing I can say bad about the ZE1 is that it lacks the audio input which was a major selling point for me. However, the ZC1 does have this and it works great. Review Conclusion:  In my opinion, the Zenith ZE-1 is a great device. It has a very good design and is a lot of fun to use. However I can't say that I would recommend the Z-1 to everyone. For the first person, it is a good entry-level device. If you want to add a couple of extra features to it, I would suggest the Zeniths Z-2 or Z-3. If your looking for a very compact, but highly-powerful electronic device, you can't go wrong with the Zeniez ZE 1.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first Ipod so I was a bit nervous when I got it. But it is very well made and a nice size for a beginner like me. The design is very pretty.  It's a nice touch that the back is a transparent blue with a blue cover.  The controls are great!  I have had it for a couple of weeks and the controls are easy to use.  The controls are nice and light.   I like how it plays songs but not like the mp3 player.  I'm a little disappointed with the design on the back.  This Ipod is a great deal!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned a lot of different ipods over the years. i bought this one for the battery life. i have been on the road for 4 weeks now and the batteries last through the whole trip. the sound quality is great. i also love the ability to stream music and videos from the ipod. it's not as powerful as an iPod but for the price, it's a good buy. i would buy this again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a year now. It's the only thing that i've had that hasnt died yet. and its a great size for the money. the sound quality is great. i bought this because it came with a nice microphone and a mic stand, and a little booklet that had some tips about using it for voice acting, but i dont think it really has that many applications, i was planning on buying a more serious mic, but if you want to be able to record your voice on a computer then this is the one for you. i'd highly recommend this one to anyone who wants a quality mic to record themselves.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I use my phone in a way most people don't even know exists, it's the ultimate phone for your wallet. The battery life is great and I don't have to worry about charging it every day, I've got my phone for 9 hours a day and I'm always up and about with it.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     I bought this a while ago, and have really enjoyed it. I use it at work and the battery lasts quite a while, which is great. I'm currently using a 9.8v 3000mAh li-po, and it is pretty small for the type of use I'm doing. I like that you can charge it from a car outlet, which I find useful. It can also be used as a wireless remote, and is small enough to not take up much room. The only thing I don't like about it is the design: the buttons are all on the side, so the buttons don't have a good tactile feel to them. It's very small and feels like it's barely holding a charge. I have a feeling I will be using this a lot more than I thought I would.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great! I've had it for almost a year now and I use it every day. It is great for my kids. It's portable, durable, and quiet. I have only used it for a few days, but it has been rock solid so far. I was worried about the battery life since I've used rechargeable batteries in other flashlights, but this one lasts me about 4.5 hours. The only downside I can think of is that the battery does not last as long as the other flash lite, but I don't really care because it is the most compact, quiet, and portable I've ever used. Posted by T. D at 2:49 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for a friend, who is an electronics enthusiast. He is a huge fan of the Xbox One and the Playstation 4 and I wanted to give him a good looking controller for both systems.  He was skeptical at first because it was the first time he had heard of the XBOX and the PS4 controllers, but I told him about the features and he was pleasantly surprised with the quality.    The XBOX is one of the best looking controllers I have seen.  I like the red color, and the black is very pretty.  The buttons are well placed, and I have never had any issues with the thumbsticks on either controller.  It feels very solid.  This controller is made of high quality materials and feels really well built.  If you are a console gamer, this is a must have!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my iphone for a little over a month now, i dont use it very much but i love the simplicity of it. i also have a retina display and its great for reading the newspaper or doing the occasional web page.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________ I've been looking for a good soundbar for my old HDTV and I love this one. I have a Sony A6500 that is now 2 years old and this soundbar was just perfect for my needs. The bass is very powerful, the mids are clear, and the treble is crystal clear. I would recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  I have owned and used this product for over a year now. I really love the feature that I can turn the lights on and off, turn the speakers on and the phone off all at the same time with the push of a button. It does require a bit of thought but I love it. I do not like the fact that I have to pull the battery out, but I really do not have time to do that now. The only issue I have is that the light is not always on. I am not sure if the battery will last for months or not.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a great device, it does everything I need it to do. The screen is great, I use it for my home theater system and it looks great in the center position. I love the built in speaker and the sound quality. The USB connection is a little awkward at first, but I have learned to use it and it's not a deal breaker. The buttons are a little mushy, but it does its job. Overall I am very satisfied. I would definitely recommend this device to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent device for the price, and a real boon to those who are sick or injured, or who have a bad back, neck, or knee. It's a little on the heavy side, but not so much that I wouldn't recommend it to a friend, especially if they have a lot of money to spend on a device. This is my first digital watch, and it looks great on my wrist. The display is a bit small, but it's not as small as I expected. I also like the fact that the watch has a stopwatch and a calendar, and I find that the stopwatch is more accurate than a stop watch on a digital watch. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a heart rate monitor, which I think is a nice idea, but one I didn't find very useful.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first time getting a keyboard with a mechanical switch (the one with the slider). I was a little apprehensive at first because the switch is a bit on the mushy side (though I'm pretty sure that's only the case with my keyboard). But after playing around with it and using it a little, I like it a lot. The sound is good, the keys feel good, and the switches are great for typing. I've heard that it can be a little noisy with the lights on, but I don't find that to be a problem at all. I think this is a great buy and I can't wait to try the others!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I purchased this to replace my original computer monitor and was very pleased with the quality of the monitor. I like the large size and I'm able to watch movies and use my computer in my living room. I would highly recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bill from Great Product I was looking for a large size LCD monitor and this fit the bill perfectly. I was also pleased with how easy it was to install and to configure. I'm very happy with this purchase.  to read the reviews I just had the monitor replaced in the office, and the original monitor was not as bright as this one. The picture is great on the original but it has to be seen to be believed. It is just as bright with the larger one. I have only had this for a week so I am not sure if I will continue to use it as a monitor or just for computer use but I am very pleased so far. I also have an older monitor and they both work fine. This one looks great on my desk and it is great to have something new to use for the weekend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************  I love my iDevice. I've had the iPad for a year now and it has been one of the best purchases I've made. I do wish that they could add a larger screen to the iPad as they do in the iPhone but other than that I'm very happy with the iPad. I bought the 64gb because I knew that I would need to carry a lot of music and videos around with me, but even that is not an issue as I keep my music on my ipod. The iPod touch is just as good as the iPad but for some reason the iPad can play my music better than my ipad. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a good, affordable, powerful tablet with a large screen.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark from A great product! I purchased this to replace a laptop. The only drawback was that the screen is not bright enough. The tablet screen is bright and has a lot more resolution and colors than the laptop screen. I use it mostly for word processing and it performs very well. I have a Surface Pro 3 but the iPad is more compact and is lighter and faster to type on. I am looking to replace the battery in my laptop with the tablet battery and the wireless connection to the tablet would also make a good alternative to a laptop that I am going to sell.  and its a must buy  It is very light and the resolution is great and its very bright too. The build quality is excellent and the design is simple and classy and very durable. I highly recommend this tablet to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- The IOGear Stereo MP3 Player is a great stereo MP3 player that does what it was designed for. You can play your MP3's through the IOGEAR MP3 players. They are small, and portable. The IAGear IOGears are great quality. I have two and I use them all the time. You do have to pay for the cable though. The MP3s are of high quality, and I can listen to my favorite music. I recommend them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ My friend purchased a ____________ in April 2012, and I have to say that I am quite pleased. _____________ I purchased a replacement for my ______________. ____ This ___________ has a built in battery and a charging port.    It's a great replacement.  The _______________   The charging port is not so nice because it's a lot of extra work to get it to charge.  I have a ____ that is a lot easier to use and has a charging cable that works with the ________.  My ____ has a _______ charger port and I like the ____ more.  It's hard to find a __________________ _______________________ _________. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I'm glad i got this! It's a very good product! I bought it because of the reviews and I am very happy with the device! I like how it works and the features. I use it a lot at work and I really like the ability to see what is going on with the computer, I can even see when the computer is not running! My only negative thing is that the charging adapter is a little bit to big for my car, but other than that, it's a good product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is a very good little machine. I'm a professional photographer and this has been great for getting a quick snapshot of my subjects in motion. It's a great little toy to keep around in your studio. If you're a photographer, you can use this to create amazing photos.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really like the new wireless earbuds. I can easily leave my car on the floor of my garage or a parking lot to listen to music. I really appreciate the fact that the buds are very lightweight and the cable can be replaced with the cable I bought for my Bluetooth headset. This is the best wireless earphone I have ever used. Thank you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s. the only thing that really keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that the case has a tiny little chip in the top and it keeps the device from charging. other than that, I'm pretty happy with this purchase. I'm so glad that I bought this and I think i'll keep this one as my phone for as long as i live.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this a couple weeks ago and it's great. The best I have found in my life. I like it a lot better than the cheapo one that came with the tv. The buttons are nice and large. I love how easy it is to adjust the volume and brightness. I also like the fact that it's wireless so you don't have to have a constant connection. The only thing I don't like is that I wish there was an SD card slot, like the Samsung models. Other than that I love it. I'd buy it again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I just bought the P8-C. I've been using my iphone 4S for 2 years and I just recently got the P7-C because I wanted to try the iphones new screen. I'm not a big fan of iphon, I used to be on my ics, but the ics screen is just so bright, that's why I got the ips. The ips are so bright that I can hardly read on them and my ips don't have any back light. But when I get a good night of reading, I read on the ids. It's just so much better. I really liked the screen and the ability to adjust the brightness of the screen with the slider. The one thing I would change is that the screen needs to be a little easier to use because it's not as responsive as the id. But I'm pretty sure I'll use it for a long time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's pretty much perfect! I'm happy with the battery life, and the sound is just good enough for what I need it to do. I haven't found any problem-free software yet. I use it for some voice recording, and when I get home I'll try it out for video editing.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I have been using my iphone 5 for over a month now, and I am VERY impressed. I am very happy with it and it has helped me save money and time. It is easy to use, and it is pretty good. The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is that it doesn't seem to work that well. I get the feeling that the phone is on when I turn on my bluetooth but I don 't know what the problem is. I have read a lot of reviews about it, and they all seem to be positive. I don' t understand why it isn't working well. It' s not a big deal but I would appreciate it if the phone would work better if you have it plugged into your car. Overall I am satisfied with it, but I think I will buy a bluetooth adapter.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The V2 has the best sound quality on the market. It's the best audio I've ever heard on a laptop. The bass is clear and rich and the mids are rich and crisp. The highs are great as well. The only problem I've had is that the volume can sometimes be a little loud for my taste but for most people this won't be an issue. The keyboard is nice, but it's not perfect. There are times when the keys are a bit too soft, but if you are in the habit of hitting keys at a higher volume this will be no problem. It is, however, quite noisy when playing music. The laptop is really loud when playing a game and you really have to turn down the volume on the laptop to avoid any disturbing sounds. I don't know if it's just my laptop or what but I would definitely buy another if I had to use it on the go.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good, well-built, easy-to-use radio receiver. The FM tuner works very well and I have found the audio to be very clear and clear, especially when listening to AM radio stations. The fact that it does not require batteries makes it very convenient. My only complaint is that the volume control is not easily accessed. I'd like it to be on the top of the unit and not in the bottom.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first digital music player and I really liked the sound quality. The interface was easy to use and the volume control is really nice. The built in tuner is a great feature and is much better than a tuner box that you have to carry with you. I like the built in mic and headphone jack. I did purchase a headphone amplifier and it works well. The unit does not have a lot of features but it's very nice. If you're looking for a good quality player this is a good purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This was my first order from K.I.S.S.. I was very impressed with the fact that it arrived on time and the quality was top notch. I ordered one for my mother who is also a musician and is a bit of a nerd. I used the keyboard to compose some of her favorite songs. I can see the future with this device, I would buy it again.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a nice device to listen to your favorite songs on, you can play them on a portable player or your computer, very good value for the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a very good speaker. The sound is very clear and full. I have had the speaker for about a month now and am really enjoying it. I would buy it again.   The sound quality is very good. The bass is good and the highs are good.  ....
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product and really convenient. My main problem with this is the charging time. I can charge my phone from the wall but I need to be at my desk for a few minutes to do that, it took a couple of hours. So, it's nice that you can use it on the move and use the wireless charging function but I'd definitely purchase another one. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works great Works great. The product itself is simple and works as intended.  Rated 1 out of  reviewed by Mica from It's not worth the price I bought this to use as a USB wall charger but it doesn't work with my MacBook Pro. I would have thought I would be able to use this as a universal wall charger for any type of device. I have an iMac and an iPad.  to get it to work I have to remove the old wall charger and insert a new one. If you don't do this your laptop won't work. ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Love this product!!! I have used this a few times now. I can easily adjust the sensitivity of the sensitivity control. It has been my most used and favorite thing for years now. If you need a little more power in your music or need to use it to make a really strong connection with a friend, this is a great device. Highly recommend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is a great device to use to record your video or photos, even in low light. I used to be a huge fan of the old Sony SLT-A800 but this newer model is very well built and has great video quality. Also, the built in USB port for transferring files from computer to camera is great. I highly recommend this camera to everyone! ------------------------- by M.J. on 07/30/2013 byon 07/31/2013 " It's very nice, very small, and very powerful. The manual focus is pretty good, but the manual exposure can be a bit hard to set up for the best results, especially at low light, but it's easy to change to manual manually, and then focus manually, or even manual with the lens cap on and lens off. It's a great camera, but if you're a Canon guy, you might want to consider something else. Otherwise, it's a nice little camera, especially if you want something to carry with you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love the touch screen, the ability to add pictures to your notes, the ease of using the device, the flexibility of using your phone as a desktop, the battery life.    All I can say is, this is the best touch screen I've ever used. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is really great! The best bang for the buck, period. If I had to describe it in one word, I'd say it's just 'amazing.' It's compact, and easy to use. It's light and small. It just feels really great in your hand. I've only had it for a week so I haven't really put a lot of time into it yet, but I'm pretty impressed with the results so far. I use it to play my guitar (as I mentioned above) and to get my guitar parts back into my DAW. I'm getting really excited to get to a better place with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this device for the price. I was not disappointed. The price was right and the quality of the product was very good. The only thing I wish was different is that there is no way to turn off the light. I bought the white one for my kitchen but it is also available in a variety of other colors. I can't see any downside to this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice little speaker. I bought it because it was in a set with a good pair of headphones. It's very good sound quality and is very portable. The quality is great, the price is right and it has a very nice, easy to use interface. This is the best price for a good quality speaker. You can't beat this! I also bought the Bluetooth remote and it's very nice too.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a really good device and very durable. I have bought one of these for every computer I own. The sound quality is great. I used it with a computer for about 5 years and it worked for about 10 years. I now use it for my iPod for music. I just wanted to write a review to thank you for a great product.  Good and well built:      I am new to this hobby and purchased this as I was not sure what I was doing. I got it in black and it is a nice solid black, it is quite light weight as well. I am very happy with it, it's light weight and sturdy. I will definitely buy more for my other computers. I like the weight of it as well, I like to carry around my laptop as a secondary computer. This will help me do that with more ease. I do like the size of it, so it will be a nice fit in my laptop bag. The screen is a little small but I am not complaining. I'm sure it will fit in most laptops. It's quite a little bit thinner than my previous one so it is not quite as thin but still good. Good Product:     The quality is good, not the greatest but it works for me. I like it because I can still hear the sound while I work. I use it with my computer for watching movies, games, etc. Sound quality is decent but not top of the line:     When you turn it on it makes a faint noise which can be heard if you are really close to the speaker but I do not mind that at all. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have a little sound for their laptop. Best Bang for your buck: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a student and I have two of these for my university library. I have had these for about 3 years and they work well. The only thing that bothers me is that I have to change the batteries twice a year because of the tiny size. But other than that I love these and I am glad that I found these!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice device. I have two of them for home use and they are perfect. I like that I can use them with a laptop for reading. I also like the fact that the device is very easy to set up and use. I am very pleased with the product and would recommend it to others. Write a negative review about an inferior electronic device :  I would not recommend this device to anyone. It is hard to set-up, difficult to use and does not seem to be able to handle the large number of pages. I bought this unit on a Saturday and it arrived on Tuesday. I set it up and it did not work until Thursday. I had to return it. The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because I like the idea of the device. The price is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this device for about 4 years. It has worked great in keeping my ears safe from a constant background noise. It is very compact and does not weigh much. It can be placed in the corner of the room, if needed, and the volume is loud enough to be heard from any direction. The only negative I can say about this product is that the power cord is a little on the short side. I use a USB adapter to charge it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mark from good sound for the money great product for the price. I have been using this since it came out a few years ago and it still does a good job for the time I have used it. I purchased the extra power cord to use in my computer room and it is a great addition to my setup. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought a KEF X300e and I love it. It's a great performer for the price. The KEF has an awesome, smooth sound, and the knobs and switches are very intuitive. The bass is strong and the mids are just right. The build quality is top notch, but it's hard to find a good speaker with a volume control that is so easy to turn. I've been using the X300E almost exclusively for home theater for the last month or so and it has been great so far.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was extremely excited to get the new iPhone when it was announced, it looked so much like the original. I can't say that I'm thrilled with the new design though, I'm not a big fan of the bezel on the top. The new design is nice, but I can see that it's going to take a bit of getting used to. Rated 4 out of 5 by jjknight from Great Product, Great Price I got this for my son to use while camping, and he loves it. The only thing that I do not like is that the battery life is really short. He uses it at 2am at a campground, I am using it during the day when I am not at a camping spot. If I am away from my house for a few days I can get 3-4 days before the battery runs out, but not a whole lot longer. The battery life for the battery case alone is enough to get me through a full day without charging, but since I am charging it every 2-3 days the battery is going to die quickly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I love the quality of this device. It is so much better than a standard MP3 player. The sound is so clear and clean. It's a lot more than just music. I am glad that I got this, because I have a lot of music on my iPod. I highly recommend this device to everyone.    Nice but not as good as i thought:  I have been using my digital player for about a month now, but i don't think that i would pay that much money for this. Its good enough for a home stereo system but it can't compare to the quality and price of my older one. The interface is pretty bad but not much of a problem since you can use a USB keyboard and use the mouse. I have only used the player for one week so i don t know if it will last for a long time.  The best mp3 player:   I am a professional musician who was looking for a player with a quality sound that would not break the bank. I also wanted a player that would provide a good sound without having to buy a bunch of different cables and accessories. This player is great! The sound quality is great, it is very easy to setup and use. The player has a large touch screen and it is a great way to work on a project while you play your favorite tunes. I love that the player is compact enough to carry with you and the player comes with a very useful accessory. The case is very nice, and holds all of your CDs and other mp3's neatly. I've only used it for a couple of weeks, but so far I'm happy. I do recommend this player.  (Posted on 3/6/2013)  Good value for the money: The Player is very good for the price, and I'm using it as a player for a small home studio. The size is perfect for my needs and I love it. I think it is worth the price. I just got it yesterday and am already loving it. (Posted On 3/5/2013 by John F. from San Diego, CA)    Great Value: I bought the Player as my first MP3-player. I like that it's compact and the quality sound is superb. The only thing I have to say is that the remote is not very good. It only has a 4-button remote which is difficult to use. But I am able to use it because
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have purchased a number of  "smart" devices over the years.  The Apple  iphone  has never failed me, and I was very impressed by the features of the iPhone.    The Apple iphone 4  is a little bit faster than my old iphones, and the iphonodays iphono iphona iphONE iphonic iphoner iphONA iphonet iphonta iphony iphook ipho iphodays iPhone iphonest iphonel iphoning iphoney iphome iphom iphoom iphons iphoto iphorn iphove iphows iphot iphoy iphou iphout iphow iphra iphs iphth ipht iphtr iphu iphve iphv iphwi iphye iphx iphz iphy iep iext iex iey is iphos iphour iphor iphorse iphors iphre iphru iphrs iphsi iphso iphst iphtis iphty iphym iphyr iphys iphya iphyo iphza iphzz iX ixx ixs ixo ixv izx izxi izys izya izyg izyl j jj jk jm jnj jnc jnr jnd jnz jrk jsc jst jsy jsyl jtz jti jtys jtk jtyt jtj jtos jtw jtwt jtwo jtzj jtzk jtzm jtzw jtzz jtyx xtz xtw xtx yxz yxt yxw yxu yxx yyy yyz yyx zzz zzc zzw zzx zxy zzx zzzz zyz zyy zzzz "The Apple Iphone 4 iphoned iphONY iphonal iphond iphonna iphoni iphopon iphonda iphope iphore iphora iphorm iphorp iph
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I bought this device because of the low price. When I got it I was surprised that the device itself is so small that I was concerned that I would accidentally bump it against something while on the go. It is so light that I don't feel it has a weight. The device does come with a case, which I don`t like. The only thing I did not like was that the USB port is on the bottom of the device. I would like to have it on the top, like a laptop. However, the price was so good I figured I would go ahead and buy it anyway. I`ve only had the device a few days, but I was very pleased with it. I do have to admit though that the sound from the device is very good, the sound quality is good, and the device feels very solid. If you want a good sounding and compact USB sound recorder for less then $30 I highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this one for a couple of weeks now and its very solid. The sound is very clear and theres no buzz on my ears or the phone. ive owned two other mics from sony but this one is the best bang for your buck. Theres not much more i could ask for.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a retired high school science teacher and have a small amount of electronics around.  I am a fan of these little devices because they make the school more enjoyable and I do not have to worry about my devices getting lost or damaged.    I just wanted to let everyone know that these are the best I have purchased from this company in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've bought and used several models of the old IBM Thinkpad for work, and have found them to be very, very solid. The keyboard is large enough to be comfortable for long periods of time. The touchpad is responsive and provides a large enough surface area to navigate through menus. The battery lasts for quite a while, and the system comes with a 3 year warranty. My only real complaint is that the keyboard is not as smooth as some other laptops I've used. I know, it's a small issue, but it's just a personal preference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Very useful I'm not a music producer but i have been using this device for a while and it has been very helpful in my music production. I have had to re-record some of my own tracks and this is the only device that lets me do that. I also use this device to edit audio clips that i have recorded on my PC. It's very easy to use, it does what it says it will and it sounds very nice.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this a couple days ago. It is a great looking device and very easy to use. The only problem I had with this is that the battery is only about 1.5 hours on low and about 3 hours on high. This is a really good device, but I think I should have paid more for a good product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The --------------- This is a great device. It works as advertised. The only con I have is that it is very loud. I use it to hear the kids when they are getting into trouble. If it were louder, I would probably buy another.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is the perfect phone, it's fast, it does everything and has a great camera and a beautiful design. I love it! I love the S7 Edge and I'm going to buy one right away. - Steve
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Dell laptop, which I bought in 2006.  The Dell Inspiron 5300 is an excellent laptop.  I can use it at a desk and even on a lap.   The battery life is great for the price.  The only problem I have with the laptop is that the speakers are a little weak.  It is better than most but not by much.  Other than that, I have no complaints about this laptop.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "The best computer I have ever owned, period!"   "A very nice computer, very useful for the price."   - Jeff G. (US)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this unit for about a week now and so far it has been a very good product. I do have to admit i was a little surprised when it first arrived because i thought it would be very bulky and that it wouldnt be easy to use. But it actually fits in my bag very well, even though i have it attached to a dongle. Its a very nice looking unit and is very easy to set up. My only issue is that i think there are better devices out there. Its still on the pricey side but for the money it is a good purchase. If youre on the fence about this one, dont be.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The best thing about this is the USB charger. It's very simple to use and I think it's a good price for what it is. The only negative is that it doesn't charge as fast as the Apple chargers do. But other than that, it's an awesome product and I will continue to buy this product in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using this for about a year now and it's worked really well. I was a bit skeptical because of the price, but I've been very pleased. I'm not a power user but I'm also not a computer novice so it's definitely been a nice upgrade from my old laptop. I'd definitely recommend it. Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is the best electronic device i ever bought. The sound quality is great and it is easy to use. The battery life is good, and i'm sure that my parents will love it. The only con i can think of is that it is a bit heavy, so you have to be careful with it. Other than that, this is a great product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Product I bought this to replace my old unit. This one is much more robust, and I am impressed. This is a very well made unit, and it's a joy to use as well. . I am very satisfied with the product. I've been using this product for several years now, and its still going strong. It's a good product and the price was right.  "Great sound" It was not long before I was using the sound card for my computer. I was very disappointed that the sound quality was not the same as the computer. After trying different models and models of sound cards, this one is the BEST. Sound quality is clear and crisp, and there is very little background noise. It does not use a CD player, which was a big negative for me. The software is simple to use, but if you do not know what you are doing, it can be confusing to use for first time users. I have a couple of questions. One is, how do I turn off the volume on my computer? Two, how does it store music on it? I would like to add that the software is very easy to work with. The first time I used it, I did not realize that the computer was not connected to my sound card. I just plugged it in and it worked great. I'm glad that I bought it.  I bought the "Laptop Card" version and used it to connect a couple other sound cards to the computer, but I have found that the "USB Card" works well as well and is smaller in size. That said, I have purchased several of the USB Cards, and my wife and I have enjoyed using them, but we are both using computers that have no CD player. I have used both the "Audio-out" and "Audio in" cards on my "AT" PC and it works well with the "AT". It is the "audio out" card that I prefer. I can get the sound from my laptop speakers directly into the TV and I can use
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I am very pleased with this item. The batteries lasted longer than I thought they would. I did not have a problem at all with the product. I have two of these units and have not had any trouble. They are very easy to use and seem to do what they are supposed to do. I would recommend this product to any one who is looking for a good quality portable electronic device.  Write a negative review about an unimpressive product: -------------- I was looking for something that could run on alkaline batteries but could run off of a battery bank that was large enough for my needs. This unit came highly recommended and I have been using it for a couple of months. The battery life is about what I was expecting but the problem is that the charging light comes on if the battery is low or running low. I am not sure how to get it off. I tried the unit with no batteries in the back (but still running on alkalines) and it was working fine. When I got the two batteries from the front I noticed that they are too small for the battery bank in the unit. I had to get a new battery bank for it to work. I thought it was a fluke until I got it working and the light went on. The unit works well for a single device but it is a little flimsy to me. I wish it was as easy to install and use as a regular battery bank.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a back up to my MacBook Air so I can keep it with me. I have no problems with it. I am happy with it and will recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a year now and I love it ive used it for the tv, radio, phone, ipad, laptop and also my tv remote, and it does everything for me ive tried and love it i wouldnt buy another one ive been a tv fan for years and now I can get the best of all worlds for the money ive also been using my ipad for my entertainment and i just cant see myself replacing it  ive got this     Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about zavvi Air System Pro-K with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Blog.  Have an urgent question about this item? We monitor these comments daily, but it may be faster to email us directly or call us at (626) 286-0360. Our resident experts are standing by to answer your questions!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife as a birthday gift. It's great! She loves it and she's only had it a few days. She's only really used it for movies and music. The only thing is the remote is a bit hard to use. You have to move the buttons around a bit to find the right one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for 2 months now and its been a great purchase i was looking for a good small usb device to do video editing on but i couldn't find one i was so pleased to find this one i have not found one comparable to this one. this is a must have for anyone wanting to get into video editing  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mika from I love my new recorder! I have a few other products from different manufacturers but this one is the best by far. It's easy to use and has a great sound quality. It is also easy to connect and is very quiet. My only complaint is that the USB port on the back of the unit has a little spring that doesn't seem to hold a charge very well. Other than that I'm happy with this product.  Review of DJI Inspire 2: Pros and Cons Pros - Great for small and medium sized cameras Cons - Some of the cables are very cheap - Some connectors on the camera are loose - The battery is a little too small to make a long flight Cons - I wish that the camera would have a longer battery life - The camera comes with a lens cap but it's very hard to attach it properly  I am so pleased with this new device. I am a professional video editor and was looking at the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ but was concerned with the price. I got the Inspire 1 with my purchase and it's perfect. I can easily adjust the sensitivity of the camera to match my equipment. I also have it set to record with the highest quality settings. The camera is also very quiet which is very important to me. The battery life is great. I haven't had to charge it once since I got it. . I just purchased the DJIQ2 Inspire camera and I'm in love with it. The features are excellent. The only thing I would change is the battery life. It lasts longer than I expected but the battery is very small so it's not a big deal. If you're in the market for a quality camera and a good battery life this is the one to get. I was very satisfied with my choice!  This is my second DJI camera. I use it with my GoPro Hero 3 Black Edition, and it works great! My only issue is that sometimes when I'm doing a fly-by of my drone (or even filming) my GoPro gets stuck at the front of the drone. It has happened a
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for a new ios for a few years. ive searched online for a good deal but couldn't find anything. i finally went to my local electronics store to check it out and got it for under $30.  i had to order it online because the store didnt have it in stock.   i didnt like it at first because i wanted a touch screen.  when i got it it had a couple of bugs that i could not fix.  one time i was playing the game and i had the phone in my pocket and the phone got hot and i couldnt turn it off.  after a few minutes it reboots and the bugs are gone.  it is great that it does not go dead after a week.  overall good product for a very good price.   Rated 5 out of 5 by joshie from Great phone, great price! This is a great device for the price. It's very easy to use, and the screen is beautiful. The only downside is the size. It fits in my back pocket perfectly, but if I wanted to take it on a plane or car ride I'd have to put it in a bag.  Review of DJI Phantom 3 Advanced with 8.4G Wi-Fi I purchased a Phantom 3 advanced from DJI about a month ago. I used the DJI camera app to fly a flight around the lake. I found that this camera is amazing! I had the app set to record the flight as a video. It recorded my entire flight so far. I am so happy with the camera!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my previous iGrill. The design is great and is easy to use. The quality of the grill is good. The food that I cooked was good.  There is a lot of room in the back and you can put a couple of large pieces of wood inside the grill to hold it together and help prevent the wood from cracking. I will buy this grill again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: **********  I have the LG V10 (2016) and the sound is amazing.  It has great battery life and the screen is crisp and sharp.  (Posted on 5/16/2016)  Great phone!!!  Just got this phone and it is amazing, I was very skeptical about the battery life because it has no screen. I thought it would be a joke to say it's not like a phone but it is not as it's supposed to be, it's more like a tablet or a laptop. I am really impressed and very pleased with the purchase and I'm sure the battery will last me for a long time! Thanks LG!!! (Posted the day I received the phone) (Posted 4/18/2016 )
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- The product is very nice and works very well. I bought this to replace a laptop I had. I used it to do word processing and email. It is a good product for the price. The only problem is the screen is a little hard to read on in direct sunlight. I will be buying the bigger screen in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the original HP Pavilion dv7 laptop about a year ago. I loved the original and it was my first laptop and I used it at work for a year. I used a Lenovo s720p laptop that lasted about a month before it decided to stop working. I bought this HP because it is small, light and has a good battery life. It works great, the software works great. The keyboard is great and the track pad is great. It has no issues running a few games like GTA4, and it has great battery life for a laptop. It is worth the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was looking for a replacement for my laptop and a smartwatch and found this device to be the perfect fit. The design is very cool, the touch screen is easy to use and is very responsive. The battery life is great, you will never run out of juice and I don't have to keep recharging it like I did my old device. The screen is nice and bright. I have been able to use the device as my main computer and it still works great. I highly recommend this product!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! It is so convenient to use. It has a great quality of the sound. I am so glad that I have this! Thanks for making a great product!  The best sound I've ever had:!!!! The sound is amazing. You can literally play it any time, and if you're not looking for it, it will disappear! The volume is perfect, too! I highly recommend it to everyone! , March 2017
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I was skeptical about buying this, but I think it has been well worth the money. It is easy to use and has a lot of features. I have a computer with a USB cable so it would be nice if it came with a cable to connect to my computer. I like that it has a large USB port so I can plug it into my tv. The only thing I would change would be the screen. The screen is too bright. I do not like how bright it is. It would be a good item for someone who likes to work at a computer and doesn't want to spend a lot on it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first wireless headphones and I must say, they are pretty comfortable. I love the way they fit in my ears, and the way the cable runs through the back of the headphones. The only complaint I have is that the wireless connection does not always work. Sometimes the connection will disconnect but other times it will connect but the sound quality will be terrible. That is why I give it 3 stars but would still recommend this device for someone who is looking for a quality wireless headset. The best Bluetooth headphones out there:  This is the most comfortable Bluetooth headphones I have ever worn. I have worn them for hours at a time and it has never been uncomfortable. The quality is very good and they sound great! If you're on a budget this is the way to go. I would highly recommend this to any audiophile or even just someone looking for quality sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only complaint I have is that the battery lasts about a week on a single charge.  This is less than half the capacity of other batteries on the market. Â If you're looking for an electronic device for the price, this is the one to get. _____________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the TACS II and have to say that it is amazing! The battery life is amazing.  It is very good quality and it is very convenient to charge on a charger.  The only downside is that the screen is a little hard to see in bright light.  It's pretty cool though.  The only negative thing I can say about this device is that there is no way to charge it via USB. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a great product. Easy to use. I love the volume control.  Easy to use and just right for my needs. It's easy to use, and it's just the right size for my desk. I highly recommend this product.  (Posted on 9/12/2013)  Great Product and Value, Great Service Review by Jason Quality Value Price Service I use this as a portable speaker, and I have no problems with the audio quality, I'm happy with it! (Posted On 7/10/2013 )  My most favorite speaker Review by Mark Quality Value Service I have 2 of these speakers for my office and I am a professional musician. I bought this for my wife and she likes it.   The quality of the sound is really good for the price and I highly suggest this product! ( Posted On 7-11-2013 )
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am a new electronic user. I was skeptical about this device until I read the reviews and I can say I am very pleased with this purchase.   It's very compact, the quality is excellent and the batteries last forever. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great. I use this a lot for my car stereo, music, and TV. I have a little extra room and have the ability to add speakers. The sound is great.  The buttons are easily accessible and the buttons work very well.  Read More
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great device. I was able to use my old computer without having to purchase a new one, and the sound quality is great. The interface is easy to use. If you're looking for a good computer for a great price, look no further. I highly recommend it.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Aileen  5  Reviewed by:from Kansas. on 6/23/2016
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.......................................................... The quality of this sound module is great. I have had a pair of these in the past for over 30 years. They are just as good as new. You don't need a lot of power for these. They sound good with a stereo preamp, a guitar amp, a combo or a preamp and a single tube amp. They get the job done. They also are good for guitar work if you want to try a different tube amp without breaking the bank. The only problem I have found with them is that the caps can get really hot after a while. It doesn't sound good and I am going to have to get a new set. They may not last forever, but it is a problem that you can fix.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really like the fact that it is easy to use and is quiet. I have one for my son's cell phone. It is a great size for his phone, and his father's. I love that it has a light and an alarm that sounds when I get too much interference on the line. The only thing is that the buttons on the side do not have any markings. I'm going to send it back and get a bigger one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first mechanical keyboard, and I am absolutely amazed by the quality. I have been using a laptop with a cheap mechanical keyboard for years, but it is getting to be a bit long in the tooth. I ordered this one because I am a fan of Cherry MX Blues, and my wife has been waiting for the right mechanical keyboard since she discovered the keyboard in the 90's. The key switch is amazing, and the keycaps are gorgeous.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- My favorite device so far. It is so easy to use and set up. My only complaint is the screen is a bit low resolution. Other than that great product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by RK from It is a great product I bought this to replace my old CRT. It looks good, is easy to adjust the screen to different sizes. It works great. I use it on my laptop. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this after a couple of months on the hunt for a decent, high quality bluetooth speaker. I'm a huge fan of my ipod touch, and have the best speakers in my house. However, after trying to find something similar to the ipod, I decided to give this a shot. This is definitely a big improvement over my ipods. It sounds great, has a really nice sound, and is a lot quieter than my ipoods. I recommend it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a really good tool to be able to see the health of your system, especially if you're not sure of what is going on.  It is also very simple to use and the software is very intuitive.  I highly recommend this device  Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this as an upgrade to my older Samsung laptop. I wanted to go back to an SSD drive but the price was a little expensive and there was only one drive in the box. I was a bit skeptical but the box was well protected and came with instructions and a disk protector. I plugged it in and after a few minutes of downloading and some time to setup the device worked like a charm. The only thing I did was put the old one back in but that was easy enough. My old drive was a 2TB and the new one is a 6TB. I'm using this as my main work computer for all of my work and also as a backup computer. I am very satisfied with this purchase and recommend this to anyone looking for an upgrade.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this item as an inexpensive way to listen to a CD with headphones and have them sound good at the same time. I found that it is a little bit loud at times, but I can easily make up for it by turning the volume down. I would buy this again!  Write a negative review about the same product: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased this device because I have been having a very hard time with my cable boxes. I have the analog cable box in my house and it works great, but the new digital ones (in the house) have no sound. I've tried everything from buying new speakers, to using my laptop to play the digital signals through my old analog TV, but nothing works. This device has been the solution for me. It is very easy to use and does what it is supposed to. It comes with 2 mics and 2 cables (one for the analog and one for the digital). This is the best thing that I have ever used for my cable box problem. It's a very nice device and I would definitely buy it again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *************************** The unit works very well and the sound quality is very good. I have used my Yamaha RX-V6, Yamaha TX-10, Yamaha DX-7, Yamaha CDX-3 and Yamaha CD-80, and these are the best sounding units. I would recommend this to anyone that wants a very nice sounding electronic unit. This is the second unit that I have purchased and have been very happy with it. ********************  by Richard from Virginia on 12/27/2016  The Yamaha RXV-6 is a great compact mixer. I use it for my bands. It is easy to use and can run through my PA system without any issues. The buttons are all located on the front and there is no need to flip the unit over to change channels. The built in speakers are very good and there are a variety of inputs that can be used with the mixer. The Yamaha mixer has very little lag when switching tracks and sounds great. It can also be set up to play your own sound. I do have one problem with the unit, and that is the controls are very small and do not have much of a tactile feel to them. Other than that, I really like this unit and would recommend it to anyone who wants a small compact mixer with great sound quality.  - Richard G. from Washington, D.C. on 12-13-2016
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great buy - works well as a laptop.  This is my second Macbook Air. I am very pleased with my purchase. The battery life is a little shorter than the previous model but not too bad. The keyboard is better than before and the screen is bright.  the only thing I didn't like is that the back of the laptop is flat and not rounded, like on my previous model. I don't like the way the touch pad is shaped. It is not smooth and not as precise as my old Macbook.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the second unit I have purchased from Tascam and am very pleased with the sound quality and performance. I have a small apartment with a small room but a lot of stuff is plugged into the unit. I am able to listen to music from my car or the car radio with very good audio quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was very happy to get this monitor for a good price. I've had my Eizo monitor for just over 2 years now and it has never failed me. The only thing I'd like to see improved is the brightness. I can't turn the brightness up to 100% without having to turn it off. It's still easy to use though.   Pros:  Good price for a nice monitor. It can handle a lot of games at very high resolutions.  Easy to use. , Easy to set up.  is the only cons. The light bleed is still an issue. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********************* I have purchased a number of digital camera's over the years and this is one of the best ones I have ever used. It is the best quality picture and video I have seen from any camera I have used. I use the picture to do a lot of work and it is the sharpest I have come across. The sound quality is just superb and the battery life is very long. I have been shooting this camera for a couple of weeks now and it still looks brand new. I am a very satisfied customer of Canon. I highly recommend this camera. ************************* I purchased the Canon 1Ds camera with the 10 megapixel. It took a little getting used to the buttons, the layout and the interface, but overall I am very satisfied with this camera and can recommend it to anyone. *************** I use this camera almost daily for my family and I cannot fault the performance or image quality. I bought this camera because of the 10MP capability and it works well. The only problem I have is the interface. The buttons are a bit difficult to find. The camera is very sturdy and I am happy with the purchase. I like the viewfinder and the flash. I was surprised at the quality of the photos I got from the 10 MP camera. The built in flash is also very good. The video is excellent. I shoot a lot in low light conditions and the camera is able to produce good quality video in this environment. I can't fault this camera! ************** I have bought 4 of these cameras over the last few years and am still very pleased with my purchase. If you need a good quality camera with a wide angle view finder this is the one for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I bought a second one a couple of months later.!!!Its a wonderful device for the price,its easy to use and the sound is pretty good.!!!!!!  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No ( 0 / 0 )  Very good! by: Mark D. - 01/01/2016  Comfort: Durability: Overall: This is a very good product, the controls work well and there is no annoying clicks or noises. The sound quality is very good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this because I was tired of being so fickle with my electronic devices. I was looking for a simple and affordable way to stream music to my iPad, but found this one to be very good and very easy to use. It's very well built and very quiet. I can't say anything bad about it. The only downside is that the cable it comes with is pretty short. I bought a longer one off of amazon. The sound quality is better than I thought it would be. I have the bluetooth version which works very well. The video quality is not very good but it is better then the standard cable. The device is easy to set up and connect to my network so no problems there. I've used it for about 3 weeks and am very pleased. The price was very good also.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product about a month ago and i can say its a great deal for the price and its just as good as the other brands ive used for years ive had it for over a month and its still working great ive got my son to use it and he has never had a problem with it ive just bought two more ive always recommend this product to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this device after having my Sonos Playbar for a year. I used to have the Sonos player, but the buttons and control scheme were too similar to my Sonotube. This is the first time I have used a Sonos. The controls are very responsive, especially if you are used to using the Sonotubes. The sound is crisp and clean. I use it with my old Sony CD player, and it sounds good. The volume control is a little confusing because the buttons are in a different position, but once you get the hang of it you can easily use the controls to change volume. Overall a great device, but I'm just a newbie.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!The sound is good. the price is good for the quality of sound it produces. This is my first high quality amp.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My new electronic device was exactly as advertised. I received it in two days after ordering. It works perfectly, and it has the ability to save a lot of money for me. The only complaint I have is that it's a little difficult to remove the back cover of the device. If you don't want to have the back open, you can just cut it off. I really like it, but if I had a problem, I would probably return it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by josh from i am very happy with the product i ordered and it came very quickly and in good condition the product is great.  I ordered this to go with my new computer. It has great functionality and is very affordable.  the back panel is easy to access to take out the device and its nice that the device comes with a stand to protect it in your hand when you are not using it. the screen is bright and the audio is crisp. i love it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:...........................................  It is really nice! It's the best I've had and I am so happy I purchased it!  If you're on a budget and want a small, great looking and simple to use keyboard, this is the one for you.  The price is a bit high compared to the competition, but I've found that other vendors have similar, if not worse quality and it's just a matter of personal preference.  and if you don't like the look of the keys or the key caps, I would say get a different model. I haven't had any issues with the keyboard's keyboard switches, they are very quiet, and I have no problems using it at all. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a fantastic portable sound board. I am a fan of digital audio recording. I bought this in the hope that it would allow me to keep a digital audio recorder on hand. I'm not able to use my old DAT as a recorder, as it is too heavy to carry around, and the DAT also doesn't have the great quality that the Sound Devices sound board has. It is a little heavy and awkward to use, but for a portable, good quality sound board it's excellent.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for a little over a week now and it works like a charm. ive just started using this thing because i wasnt sure about my first one, but now ive used it for 3 weeks, and it's great. i love the ease of use, and the battery life is great. if you are looking for an electronic device to do your computer work, then this is a great choice.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great for home work! I bought this to do some home work. I use this with a USB hub to connect to my printer, a scanner, etc. The portability is great, and works with any of my computers. It does have a couple of quirks though. The battery does not last long. It runs on batteries. The second issue is that there is no way to charge this battery. It will last about 2 weeks with a normal use. I have to buy a little powerbank to recharge it. I don't think I would ever buy this again. I will still use it for my home work though.  the best portable keyboard ive ever used. i've been using it almost daily for a month. the only problem i had with it is that the USB ports arent on the back. i can plug in my usb drives or my printer to it, but it doesnt charge from them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this monitor about two weeks ago and I have to say I'm very happy with the purchase. It's a very large and bright monitor. It has great color, the sound is clear and the picture is clear. I also use it for watching TV, it works well for watching a movie and I'm impressed. The monitor is very easy to set up. I recommend it highly for anyone looking for a good quality monitor.  Rated 4 out of 5 by jim from Excellent quality but a few caveats I am pleased with the picture quality, I was skeptical of the price but when I saw the screen size, size and price, it was the best I've seen. I'm using it in my studio and it's working great so far. I was also able to get the video input working for my camera and that was a great bonus as I have a camera but it's hard to find a monitor with video input. I have not tried the speakers, but so far they seem good. The software is a bit confusing but it seems to work. -Jim  From the reviews of the LG G3 and G3+, I expected this monitor to have a few more advantages over the LGs. This monitor has the same features and performance of the G3, but has the added feature of HDMI and DisplayPort inputs. While I haven't had a chance to use it with my G3+ yet, I'm pretty excited to see if it's a good upgrade. It would be nice if the stand came with a few different mounting options, but I'm not too concerned about that. The quality of the screen is great, and the audio on this monitor is just as good as the LG's. The only thing that would make this monitor even better would be if the video quality on this was at least a little bit better. The LG monitor is the first monitor I've owned that I can say "I like." It's bright and beautiful, but the audio is just fine. It will be nice to see an option for a better audio connection in the future, but as is, I'll be keeping the G4 and G4+ on my desk. Here's the back of the monitor.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the best gadget I have owned. It is easy to use and the sound is very clear.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     I have been using the i7 for several months now and am very pleased with the performance. I was considering buying an i5 but thought the i5 would be too slow. With the i6 i am able to play games at 60 fps on the highest settings.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have had a couple of the older, smaller (50 watt) models for years, and the latest ones are very good. They are very light, very quiet, and have great audio quality. I had to replace one due to a short, but it was easy to get back in. I'm still looking for a "real" computer to buy, but these are good enough to get by. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! - The most convenient way to record and edit your video! I was very surprised by the ease of the device. The battery life was excellent and I was able to record video for over 2 hours and edit it in a few minutes. The only con was the power cord was too long for my device, so I bought a 2.5" cord adapter which works perfectly. I was so pleased with this device. - A great little video recorder that will be with me for a long time. It's small and light, easy to use, and very quiet. I'd recommend it to anyone. - The best little camera I have used! This is the best little video camera that I have ever used. The video quality is great and it's very quiet to operate. If you're on a budget and are looking for a great little camera for the money, this is it! - It's a great idea. It does what it's supposed to do and is great for those that don't want to carry around a heavy camera. - It works. I've been using it for a few weeks now and so far, it works great. It comes with a good amount of storage capacity and the camera is very quiet and I haven't experienced any issues yet.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the second computer I have bought for my son, and it is a great one. The computer is powerful and the price is right. It also has great software that allows you to play games, work on computer projects and just have a computer that works.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 23, 2010  Nice for the money  by John from Parma OH USA  Pros: Good quality  Cons: No DVD drive  Review: It's not as nice as the Dell XPS 13 but it's a good little computer for the price. Very nice screen and lots of ports and memory. I use it as my main computer and have not had any problems with it so far.  of course I'd like to have DVD drive, but for the cost it's good enough for the time being.  the only con I have is the keyboard is small and flimsy. I wish it had a bit more power and I'm worried it will break down at some point. ,, from the bottom of my heart, I wish I had bought a XPS, but this little computer has a lot of features for the $. It's been very reliable for my business so far!  Did you find this review helpful? Yes Yes  I would recommend this product   by Bill from S. Carolina   Pros: Very nice  cons: DVD Drive not working. .    Was This Review Helpful / Why Do You Think This Product is Great?  A great little computer with many features for your pocket! The screen is beautiful and easy to read with a large, high resolution.   The touchpad is small but very responsive and has good touch sensitivity.   (I like the "clicking" feel of the touchpad.)   USB 2.0 ports and ethernet are handy and make this a good choice for a low-cost computer.     (This is a review of the Microsoft Windows 10 Home 64-bit)  Great computer at a great price. : This is a very nice little computer at an unbeatable price. The Windows 10 OS is easy to use and comes with a ton of pre-installed software. You can even do some basic tasks without installing anything! The display is good for a laptop of this size and is bright and easy on the eyes. The keyboard is also easy to type on, but
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice portable speaker. It is a little loud at the highest volume setting, but for a small portable speaker I have to say it is pretty good. I really like the portability, and the sound quality is very good. The only thing I dislike about it is the size. It takes up the front of my car and I can't put it anywhere else. I like to have my portable speakers on my bedside table or my shelf, and this is too big for that. I wish they would make a larger model.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I bought this device in the hopes of having an external drive that I could use on my computer, but after a few months of use the unit just doesn't do it for me. It's slow to access, takes forever to write to, and doesn't play nice with the USB ports on my Mac or PC. I have bought the other models but will not buy another one.!!!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The X10 is a very nice piece of kit for the price. It's great value for money, but it can be a bit of a hassle if you want to take it with you to other places.   The USB cable is a bit long but you get what you pay for.  It's a nice feature to have if you need to hook it up to something like a laptop. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very excited to get my hands on this one. I read all the reviews and they all said the same thing: "it is a great buy and the price is great!" I got the 64GB and was very pleased to find the memory is expandable! This is my first Apple and this one has done everything I need it to. I'm very happy with it!Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been using my e-ink computer for about 3 months now.  It's very fast and has a good resolution.  I'm also able to use the same software as on my tablet, and that's a bonus.  The display is bright and bright, and has no backlight bleed.  All in all, an excellent product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent electronic device.  It is easy to use, easy to adjust and it is simple to use the right way.  It is just as easy to set up as any other digital camera.  The best thing is that it does a very good job with low light images and low light video.  My only complaint is that the light from the flashlight was very dim.  I don't know if the flashlight is not that good or the image quality is not very good.   I was hoping that the camera would be able to do a better job in low light.  Overall I'm very satisfied with this purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The T2 was just as I expected and was a great value. The sound quality is great for a computer speakers. It's easy to use and set up. I had no problems connecting to my computer. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the batteries were too short, but overall the product was great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best thing I have ever bought, the battery lasts forever. It is a must have. Write a negative review about an unsatisfactory electronic device :  It has a bad battery life, I have had the battery last about 3 months and it doesn't hold a charge any longer. It's annoying. Find the right electronic device for you:  This is my go-to device now. I have it for almost a year. It works perfect. A great gift for someone:    Great little computer. It does a great job. The only thing is that I wish it had a built in camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm not a fan of the "new" design of the iPad, but this is an easy way to get a decent looking device with all the latest tech. If I had to complain about anything, I'd have to say that I wish the new touch screen was a little smaller. I also wish that the screen was slightly thinner. But overall this is a great addition to my home screen.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ***********  I really like the fact that you can program your songs in any order you want. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great sounding and easy to use electronic device. I also really like that you have the option of programming your songs using any song that you want to use as a sound effect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I am very happy with my new HP Pavilion g5 desktop computer. It is a very good value, very fast, easy to use and quiet and I have never had a problem with it. It has all the essential features: a high resolution screen, full size keyboard and a good mouse. I highly recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The i-Cable works as it is supposed to, i.e., a high-quality USB cable. The only thing that is annoying is the cable is a bit thin and not very flexible. I have only used the i-Cube 2 to hook up to my iPhone and iPad and i-Pod, so I can't say much about it for those devices.  I'd recommend it to anyone who uses USB devices on a daily basis.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for over a year now and i really like it ive even been able to use it with my 3.5mm to 6.35mm cables and it works great ive been using it on my laptop as well as my iphone ive got a couple of small problems but thats to be expected with a $50 device ive also used the phone charger adapter that came with it and i'm not too sure why its made to be smaller than it should be but that is a small price to pay for the fact that it is actually functional ive owned it for over 1 year now
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!This thing is awesome and very well built. I was skeptical about a $80 product that has a very small screen but this thing is very easy to use. It is the most responsive bluetooth device I have ever used. It doesn't take up much space and has a great battery life. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is that it does not work as well with a wireless keyboard as it does with a wired one. However, the quality is good and this is a great purchase. I am very happy with this purchase.  Great product, but... The product itself is very nice, and I'm sure it will last a while. The issue with it is that if you want to connect to a wireless mouse/keyboard, you need to connect both at once, otherwise it won't recognize them as one device. Also, the screen is small, and it's hard to read at full size. I bought this for my wife, who is a very active gamer. The small size is a good thing for her, but it would be great if it could handle her bigger gamepad. Overall, I would recommend this product, if you are interested in wireless gaming, but would want to purchase two at a time to use one with your wireless keyboard and mouse.  for gaming, you can buy a keyboard with a bluetooth controller, but this does not do anything for me. I'm using this for casual gaming and using the bluetooth keyboard is very awkward, and this thing doesn't work as good as the wired keyboard. The product seems like a good product for the price, but I can't really recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The   I got this   for my birthday. It's perfect   This   has made my life much better. The  I get this  I just bought for my  My only   criticism is that the battery needs to be recharged more often. The
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This was my first experience with a Voodoo5, and the setup was so easy that I was able to setup my computer within minutes. I'm very happy with the quality of this product, the included accessories are great, and my Voodoo 5 is ready to go with a few simple adjustments. I really appreciate the fact that it's easy to install and maintain!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 19, 2013  The Good Stuff  by A Customer from CA USA  Pros: Simple to install, works very well.  Cons: None  Review: I had purchased a second Voodoo 4, but had to replace the motherboard after some problems. I bought a V-Voodoo 5 and a USB hub to allow me to connect a monitor.  to my surprise the first boot up was flawless.  the V-voodoo 5 seems to be a better quality device with the new motherboard.  and now the hub works perfect with the Voodoo4. .  (V-VOO-5)  was this review helpful to you?: Yes No
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The X1D is a fantastic camera. It's small, light and has a lot of cool features. I had no problems at all getting it into my car, and even when I had it in my bag it fit right in. It also has a built in flash so it doesn't take up any valuable space. The only thing I wish was better is the battery life, I don't use it much but I have noticed that it starts to run out around 6-7 hours, I am thinking that's because I was shooting for too long. Overall, I recommend this camera to everyone who's looking for a quality and affordable digital camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, with great features and excellent build quality. I was skeptical at first, but I have been pleased with the quality, performance, and reliability of the unit I bought.  Did you find this helpful? 3 of 3 Found Helpful  Cheryl  5  Reviewed by:from Largo. on 5/27/2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am really enjoying the XM-L2 headphones. They are very comfortable, have a nice bass response, and sound great. I use them on the go and have been using them daily for about two months. The only drawback is that there is a small but noticeable gap between the earpads and the earphones, and sometimes a little bit of bleed from the earphone itself. If this was fixed the headphones would be perfect, but as is the headphones are worth every penny. They're very portable, comfortable and easy to use. Definitely recommend this product. I have used the XMs for a few weeks now, and I am very pleased with them. I had tried a couple of headphones from different brands, but they just never sounded right to me. The sound quality of the Xs was just what I was looking for. I can't speak on the durability or build quality, but I can say they are very good for the price. They also come with a carrying case that's good for travel, and the price is really very good. I will buy them again if I need to.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have a Dell laptop. The mouse is good and has an analog stick. It works well with my finger and I can select the mouse buttons using my mouse. The battery is good. I use it for a year and have never had a problem. The only complaint I have is that it is a bit noisy. But other than that it's good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used a lot of different portable keyboards over the years, and the Kinesis Advantage keyboard has been the most consistent in quality, design, and ease of use. ive found it's a bit more challenging to get your keys in the correct position, but its very doable once you get the hang of it.  the only con i have is that it takes quite a while to get used to the tactile feel.  overall i recommend this keyboard to anyone who wants a good keyboard, at a reasonable price!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome keyboard! I bought this keyboard a couple of months ago and love it. It has the keys you expect (A-Z), and a few extra (A1-A9) but is a bit different in style. You can turn the keyboard on or off with a button on the side, but the keyboard is still pretty small and the keys are small. Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase and recommend it to everyone.  Great keyboard. Bought it on sale but got a free gift. Would buy again.  the only complaint is that the volume is a little low. But I'm still using it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great  quality  sound  good value. I use this for listening to music, and its really a good device.  I have a very good pair of headphones that cost a lot more and don't do as good a job.    The headphones have a lot of bass, but it's not too overpowering and its not too boomy.  The only thing is the mic works a little better on the earbuds than on the headphones, so I have to put the headphones on first and then plug the mic into the headphones.  I think I'll keep this and my headphones for a while.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the third time I have purchased the VX-3 and I love the quality of it. It is simple to use, has lots of functions and is easy to customize. It's a great device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Love it! I have it in every room of the house, on the desk, on my bed, and at the kitchen table. It has worked perfectly for a very long time now and I love it so much that I bought a second one. Highly recommend.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Cs from Easy to set up and use. Great for all my home computer needs. Works well and is very simple to use. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a good small and inexpensive computer.  the only thing I like about this is that it has an ipad mini usb cable so I can run my ipad and use it as a wireless printer  I use my pc for a web site, a school project, a web based printer, and a video editing/video editing suite. This is great because it has the ability to use both computers and is small enough to keep in a cabinet. The only thing that I do not like is that the keyboard can not be adjusted and is just standard size. - - - -  My wife wanted a small, lightweight, portable computer to use at the office and it works perfectly! I also have a Samsung laptop which I use for web browsing and video editing, and this is just as good. It is small, easy to use, and can be easily moved around. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been looking for a portable and lightweight keyboard for my work. The Razer BlackWidow Ultimate is just that. The keyboard is lightweight and compact which makes it a great choice for travel or if you are in a tight space. The key switches are good quality, the mouse is a good replacement for my old Logitech. Overall I am very happy with this purchase.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! The price is right and it works well. I love the built in flashlight, the touch screen and the large display. I have a 7" tablet and this is perfect.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bill from I was very pleased with the product. The purchase was easy and the delivery was fast. It is very well made and looks good. I am very happy with my purchase.  and very pleased to have it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I am a big fan of the Sony Walkman, and I was very happy with this one. I am always looking for a good portable player, and this one is great. It is a great price, and it has a very good sound. It has a great feel to it as well. I'm not sure how much it will last, but for a portable player I think it is a good deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing item for the price! I had a previous iphone 6 but it stopped working, so I wanted to replace it with the new iph7, and this was the only thing I could find that was compatible. I am very happy with my purchase. I love the way the buttons feel on the device, it's very easy to use and I don't have to worry about the battery draining. It's been a little over a year now and I am still having no problems with it. I'm very happy.  Good product, great customer service:  I purchased this item for my son to use for his school work. It is a great product, and he loves it. It has no problems in the slightest. I have had no problems getting it to work on my iph1s, iph3s, and iph6s. It also works on my old iph8. I highly recommend this product to anyone who has a iph device, I highly suggest this. .  on the other hand, the phone is just OK.  The buttons feel like they have a little give to them but not enough to make a difference.  I think I got a lemon.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The PSA1212 is a great sounding 12 volt headphone amplifier. The sound is very clear, and has a great soundstage. This is one of the best sounding headphones I have used. I have owned a few different headphones, but this one is by far the best of the lot. It has a nice sound, and is easy to use. The only thing I don't like about it is that it can be loud, but at the same time the volume knob is very hard to use (the knob is really small, so you have to put your whole hand on it to hit it). I really don't know why this is, but I just can't figure it out. I don?t think that it would have made a good product if it had been designed like that, but for what it is, it is really good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the new moto g for about 2 weeks now and ive been very happy with it. I like the size, weight, and the size of the battery. I also like the screen, which is bright and bright and the camera is good. I have a good feeling about this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is the first computer I've bought and I'm glad I did. It has lots of functions, the screen is nice, the keyboard is very responsive and the software is good. I'd like it if it could have some more expansion options, but overall I'm very pleased with this computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best thing I've purchased in a long time. I bought this as a replacement for my old cell phone because I lost mine and I thought I'd have to buy a new one. It's great. I had to order the "dongle" to make it work and the instructions were not very clear and I had a hard time figuring out how to connect the new one to the old. However, I have no complaints about this product at all. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 08, 2011 It's okay but not great  by Daniel from San Jose CA USA  Pros: works well  Cons: no battery backup  Review: I purchased this to replace my old phone. It worked fine for a while but then a week or so later it stopped working. I found a forum that mentioned it wasn't the battery. This device has a battery inside it and the battery needs to be replaced if the unit doesn't work properly. I took it to the phone store and they told me that there was nothing they could do. So, I decided to replace it myself. I tried to find a site that sold this type of device for a couple hundred dollars but no luck. Then I found this one. I paid a few hundred dollars and got my phone back. I would not buy this again because I was so disappointed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This little box does everything it says on the tin! The fact that it's wireless makes it ideal for travelling, but I use it most often to read and work on documents or to write notes. I have to say, I really love the size of the screen and the ability to see the date in the upper right hand corner. I am very impressed with the ability of this to work on the go. I love the fact that the battery life is so good, I am able to use it in the morning when the office is down to just one person. I use the Wifi to my tablet for web browsing. It's worth the money for the size and the fact it works!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device and I'm very impressed with the build quality and the sound quality of the sound. The sound is crystal clear and I feel like I can listen to the music while I work on my computer. I love this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a great product. I bought it to replace a broken one that had a bad battery. I have not had any problems with this one. The battery lasts the entire day. I like the size of it. It is light weight and easy to carry around. The only downside is the price but other than that I highly recommend this product.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Reviewed by: (Verified Buyer) from NY. - 3/1/2014 5 / 5 A great product at a great price. My battery lasted about 2 weeks, but I will probably buy a new one after that. I will definitely buy from this site again.  the one you have is fine for the price, however if you want a good battery for less then the price of this one, go to the ebay store and look at their batteries, they have better ones.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  This is a very good keyboard and it's very good quality. This is my second one. The first one died within one year and I'm sure the second one will last longer. The keys are a little small, but for a $80 keyboard, that's okay. I also like that the keys don't move back and forth. If I were buying this keyboard for the first time, I'd probably get a smaller keyboard. The only negative I have is that the keycaps are printed on both sides of the keyboard. That makes it pretty difficult to type on. It's not a big deal, but if you're typing a lot, this could be a deal breaker.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received my  Fostex T10r and am very impressed. The sound is clear and very clear. The buttons are easy to use and do what they are supposed to. The screen is bright and the brightness is adjustable. The unit is not heavy and feels very well made. The only negative I can say is that it does not have a headphone jack, but that is very minor. Overall, a very good product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the new MacBook Air. It's the only MacBook Air I bought. It has the same quality as the old ones. I really like the new touchpad. I have the retina display and it's much sharper. I can't really tell that the old one is a Retina Display from just looking at it. The batteries lasted a very long time. The touchpad is much better. I was a little disappointed that there was no back light. I would like it to have back light, it's very bright when it's on. The speakers are a little quiet. I'm not sure what the issue is. I like the keyboard and I really don't think there is any need to buy a mechanical keyboard with a touchpad on it. It would have been nice if there was an option for a mechanical option. The keyboard is good. I just wish it had back light or a back light option on the keyboard. I've had a few mechanical keyboards and it is much easier to type on a mechanical one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  -I purchased a new Sennheiser HD800 as a birthday present for my friend. This is the first piece of music equipment that I've had in my life that I can't get off my head. It's a real treat to listen to music through this. -   I purchased the HD800, it works great and is a great value for the money. I've used it on all the big stages from small festivals and clubs to big arenas and concerts. The sound is very clear and the soundstage is amazing. I highly recommend this headphone, if you are on the fence or haven't heard one then I highly reccomend it. -
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the Sennheiser HD598. I'm really impressed with the quality of this headset. It has a lot of options to choose from, but I've got it because I've heard people talk about the S6. I don't have much experience with the S series, but my expectations were pretty high. The HD598 is a lot more portable than the S5, and has the best quality I've ever heard in a headset, from the sound to the feel. The S6 just isn't even in the same league. The sound quality is just too low for me. I had to turn the volume up to hear myself talk, which was a major pain. I would say the S60 is slightly better, but the HD598 has it beat in every way.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I bought this unit to replace an old one. I like that it has a battery level indicator on the front of it so you can tell if it's fully charged or not. I was able to charge it while watching TV. The only thing I don't like is that the screen brightness is so dim that it is hard to read in a dark room.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: _________ ______________ This thing is awesome! I got it for my girlfriend because she has a thing for gadgets and she loves gadgets and this is one of them. I love the fact that I can play games and listen to music on my phone, but also use it to send/receive email and photos! It is a little bit big, but for the price it is great! I just received mine yesterday and I love it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my iphone for about a year now and its been great for the most part. the only bad thing is i had to return the screen protector as theres a slight dimming in the screen after a few days. that is just something you have to deal with and the screen will get brighter again in a couple weeks. overall a great product
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Very good, fast shipping, excellent customer service. I will definitely order again!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, March 30, 2012  good product  by David from Fort Worth TX USA  Review: I had some issues with the unit after installing it, but after contacting Tech Support and getting a replacement, the issue was solved. This is a good product. I recommend this product to others.  Works as advertised  By Richard from San Antonio TX USA.  the product works great. no issues. -Richard  Good product.  (Posted on 2/15/2012)  Great service  Reviewer: Mark from Las Vegas NV USA. Rating: 5 of 5 Stars  Excellent Product!  I'm a new father and was looking for a good remote for my son to be able to do things with his Xbox 360. I was happy to find a good price for the unit and the remote control that I purchased. I've used it for watching TV, watching movies, gaming and listening to music. I'm really enjoying it and will be purchasing another one for my daughter when she gets home. Great Product! Thanks!  (Added on 12/15) 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!   The build quality of this thing is outstanding.   It's the only device I've used to make a sound from a remote that I've liked. I've had no problems with it. I think the built in mic works pretty good.  , I've got one and use it all the time for sound checks, and the mic is very clear. I have to say that this is my favorite portable mic for live recordings.   a little expensive for a little portable but the quality of the recording is outstanding for this price.   in short, I would recommend this device to anyone looking for a good sound recorder.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is a really good device that has made me a very happy owner. I use it in my car and I can not tell you how much I love this thing. It has a great sound quality, and I am using it with the Bose QuietComfort 25 in my vehicle. I would highly recommend this product. -------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I have used this monitor for a year now and it has done the job perfectly. The color is great, picture quality is great and I am very satisfied. I have never had a problem with it and it is a very sturdy monitor. I highly recommend it to everyone who wants a good monitor.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought the Samsung smart tv a few years ago and the only thing I don't like is the lack of a remote control, so this is a nice addition to my tv. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone. The battery life is very good, and you have a choice of two screen sizes (if you want the large one, you will have to pay more for a pro one). It also comes with a very handy stand which you can attach to your wall to save space. It has a few cool features such as an internal speaker that doubles as a microphone. The camera is good enough for a camera that doesn't require you to take pictures to get good photos. It's a good camera for those that want to take photos but don't want to spend a lot on a camera. I have had no problems with the camera. The only thing I wish it had was an SD card slot. I can use the card in a memory card reader and the camera can take the photos off of the card.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Very good. It works well and has a good range. I used this with my TV and audio.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 17, 2010  The Good, the Bad  by J. R. from South Carolina on 4/18/2010  Product: Cube III  Review: Very good  Pros: Excellent quality, very sturdy, no issues with it falling over  Cons: None that I found  Price/Value: Great  I would buy another one. I would buy it again.  of this is a very good product  was not disappointed at all  This is a great cube. It is very well made. I am extremely pleased with the quality and performance of this cube. This is my second cube that I have purchased from the cube3 website. The first one was a very hard to get item that I was very pleased with, however this one was more like a treat than a treat. I did not have a problem with it at all. It was very sturdy and well built, the pieces fit in the cube very well. I can easily fit a full size keycap set in this cube with no issue. I have used it with my LED TV and I can't complain. It has a smooth feel to it and it is a pleasure to use. I also use it to do puzzles. I use the larger keys on it and I really like the feel of it. I'm very satisfied with this purchase and I would definitely recommend this to a friend. Was this Review helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 18, 2010
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the first time I bought from the Chinese store, I'm very pleased with the product. It was fast shipping and the price is good. It works very well. It can play my game too. It is very easy to use, just follow the instructions and it works. It's worth it.  I've used this product for a couple years now and I love it, it is easy to set up and can play on all kinds of media, from DVD's, Blu-ray, VCD's, CDs, and CD-R's to CD-RW's and DVD's. It plays all formats and is very stable. It comes with two USB ports, one for playing CDs and one for playback. The product is very lightweight and is a lot smaller than a DVD player. The device is extremely quiet and I've never had any problems with it. It just works well and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great compact device for watching movies and playing music.  I really like the convenience of having this unit in my kitchen. It makes it easy to find my DVDs and music. I use my computer to stream music and I can play them from my phone or tablet without having to go out of my way. I'm extremely pleased with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Z1 Pro is a very powerful computer with many useful features. I am very impressed with the quality and price of this computer and the Z1. It is a lot better than the other cheap computers I have.  I am very happy with this purchase and have been very satisfied with my purchase since I received it in early January.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a couple months now and it is amazing. I have been a very loyal Apple fan since the first iPhone. This is the first time I am going to switch to another brand. I was so excited about the iPhone 6 but when i got the 6S Plus, i knew it was a mistake. This thing is just as good as the 6s. The only reason i give it 4 stars is because of the micro usb charging. i am so sick of those terrible cases with the microUSB charging ports that you have to use a little wire to keep it charged. It takes about 2 days for the charger to fully charge the device but thats fine if you are just using it as a regular device.  Did you find this helpful?  By Andrew H  Pros: Excellent quality, small size and easy to use.  the only reason I gave it 3 stars is the charging port. I can only use it on a computer which is a plus because I can't use my phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a good product but it could be better. I have been using it for a couple of months now and I am very happy with it. The buttons and the display are well done. I like the ability to see the batteries in the battery compartment as well. The battery life is great as well as the fact that I don't have to remove the case to change batteries. I'm glad that I purchased this product. It's perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I love this product! I am a professional musician and use a Macbook pro every day. I have always had a lot of trouble with syncing the two devices because I'm a visual person. I've bought a lot (about 10) of these over the last few years and the problems have been resolved. I'm very happy with my purchase and I'm sure many others will be too. - Dan  Style of music: Classical, Rock, Jazz
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love this product and use it to take my son on a daily walk. He doesn't have much of a problem with it and I can't find any flaws with it. It does not give off the same feeling of feeling the wind or rain on your face like a real windscreen. It just makes the car feel like it's in a smaller car, yet the wind is still strong and the rain is still light and does not feel heavy on your skin. It has a bit of a premium feel to it too. I would recommend this product.  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've had this for about a month now, and it is perfect for my needs. I use it for listening to music on my iPod and a few other things, and I love the ability to play audio files while on the go. I do wish it had a little more storage though, as it only holds about 20 songs on my device. Overall, a great product, and would recommend to anyone looking for a good portable MP3 player.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent quality item for the price. It works flawlessly. I am very happy with my purchase. Have you ever had a problem with a digital clock? This is a very good quality clock. I can't wait to try out the moon phase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I have bought this device several times. It has always worked flawlessly. I love it! It has made it easier to stay on top of my bills and have a little extra money at the end of the month. Thanks for making a good product!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent product! The app for this device is amazing, as is the ability to record your bills. This is a great product for any person that does not want to pay a lot of money for a bill. The device has a nice look and a decent size, as well.  The best for the price! I love the bill collector app! I bought it for my wife and she loves it as well! The screen is easy to read, the battery lasts for quite a while and is easy and fast to use. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a nice bill collector to use at home or when you don't have a printer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really like the sound of this soundcard.   The sound is better than my old soundcard (2x CD-ROM) and it has better digital input.  I would like to see the sound card support a more flexible input format. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a good product that does the job and looks good too.   I don't use the usb cord as much as I used to, but I use it a lot.  My only problem is that the remote is small.  This could be solved by adding a small usb-type port. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sennheiser HD 598 that has always been a good earphone. I bought a pair of Senns for my son's headphones (which I don't use) but was not satisfied. I got a pair for my husband's headphones as well. I had one pair that was in the mail and another pair that I got as a gift. I'm happy with both the earphones, but the Senn 598 is better in terms of build quality, design and the sound quality. The Senn is a great sounding earphone and the cable is very sturdy. I am now getting one for my daughter as well!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!The sound is good, the usb is fast and easy to use. The battery life is good as well. The only downside is the light. It is hard to use the light at night. I also got a different kind of light but still have the same problem. The best way to solve the problem is to find a better USB charger. Also the usb port on the back is very small.  Great Sound and the Best USB Charger! - I love this thing! This is the only usb charger I've ever used and I love it! It's the best on the market! I use this with a cheapo usb flash drive and it charges fast. I've used other chargers but this one is definitely my favorite!  This is the Best! - This charger is the best I've had. It charges a flash drive from my computer fast and works perfectly. The light is easy to turn on and off and the USB port is easy enough to reach. It also charges my cell phone in a flash. This charger works great! I am looking to buy another one soon! .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little hesitant at first because of the low price, but the battery life and the speed of the drive is just awesome.  The sound quality is pretty good, and I was able to play a few tunes on the portable mp3 player, and it worked perfectly.   All in all, I think I will buy this unit again.  Posted by  Gavin at 11:49 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ This is my second laptop. My first one died and the replacement one works well, except that the trackpoint is a little wobbly. The other one works fine, except the track point is a bit loose, which is annoying. I also noticed the batteries in the second one were a little weak. I purchased the battery pack from ____________ because it was the only place I could find it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  "I have two of these and use them as a wireless keyboard and mouse. The mouse is really good but the keyboard is great. Very responsive, but without a scroll wheel, it is a bit slow. My biggest complaint is the fact that there is no wireless connection, no USB or anything, you just use a dongle. However, it does the job. It's nice to have an external keyboard and a mouse at my disposal."  I purchased two of the new Dell Inspiron i7559s and have used them as my primary computer since I got them about two months ago. I have a couple of older laptops but these have been my primary for the last two months. I just got a refurbished HP Pavilion laptop that had a bad keyboard so I decided to buy a Dell and give the i75 59 a try. I was pleasantly surprised by the performance and the quality of the screen. The Dell is much nicer than the older laptops I have owned. I am using the new keyboard and I have not had any issues with the mouse. I think that this is a good value for the money. It is definitely a step up from my old laptop.  If you have a Dell Inspirons, go buy one! These are great! I use one for my computer, the other for my wireless keyboard. They are both very fast and responsive. I'm using them to watch movies and they have the best quality and clarity. I would definitely recommend this product!  This is a great computer. I bought the model with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 970M GPU. It has a good screen and I'm not having any issues. I also like the wireless keyboard as it is very comfortable and I use a Bluetooth keyboard and mice. I like the extra storage space and the DVD burner on the back. I wish I could have had this laptop 2 years ago.  to find a laptop that can match the quality and performance of this computer. It just doesn't exist, and it is hard to find on the market. If you're looking for a good laptop for the price, I would recommend this laptop. You can't beat the price. If I had one complaint about this laptop, it would be that the power brick on the top is extremely hard to get out of the back when the laptop is sitting on a table. The bottom of the power supply unit (PSU) is also hard to access. The power brick needs to
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this was the first piece of gear I got with my iphone 5s and it's so far a great buy.  I have to say I am not a fan of the blue ippon type batteries.   If you like blue battery they will be a nice fit.  I also don't like the buttons on this but they are not as bad as some other things I've bought.  The only thing that bugged me about this is that the headphone jack is too small for a cable but that's not an issue that can be fixed by the seller.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really like the Pico. It is very easy to use. The sound quality is really good. The light is very bright. It's a little tricky to get it out of the case but that's my fault. I have no problems with it. I will definitely buy more for my friends.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is a great device. It was easy to set up and use. I have been using this device for several weeks now and have not had any problems with it. It is very quiet. I do wish that it was a little quieter, but I do not know if that is my fault for not putting a good speaker in the thing. If you are looking for a great little unit, you should consider this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! My new computer has a good screen and sound. I had the problem with the cable that connected it to the computer but was able to use a different cable to fix it. I am very pleased with this product and the company that makes it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product! I bought this after my last PC got stolen. I have a very fast connection and can't wait to get to work on my next project!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! It is an extremely useful and versatile electronic device. It is very easy to use. It does the job very well. I have it in my garage and it works perfectly. I use it for my garage door opener and it does the trick. The one thing that I dislike is that it has no battery indicator. It just says "Charging" everytime you turn it on. I would prefer to have a battery indicator on the side of the device. I don't know why they didn't just put a battery on the back of the unit. But other than that, I would highly recommend this item to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark from Great Product - Good Value! I've had this product for a couple of years now, and it's still going strong. It's small, compact, light, and does what it's supposed to do. It can't replace my other electric door opener, but I find myself using it for everything else, and I'm happy with it. It has the power of a good motorized door opener without the cost and the complexity of an electric door opener.  the only negative is the battery life is pretty short. but with that being said i still use it every day.  and the best part is its only $10!!  A good choice for an alternative to a motorized car door opener
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the bt for about a week and its working great. I dont need to recharge it so the only thing that could be better is that the screen isnt so bright but other than that its perfect.  The sound quality is fantastic. The only thing is the battery life is very short, I've had to use it on and off in a few days. I've only had to charge it once.  in the future i would purchase the bluetooth adapter as its not very fast. the sound quality could be a lot better. . I had to buy a usb charger so i could charge it off my laptop. It works great on my ipad, but i wouldnt recommend it to someone who wants to charge the device.  is the blu ray dvd a bit too high quality for a blu ray player. it's like the quality isnt top notch and the quality of the dvd is just okay  great product at a great price. i have this thing on my desktop, a tablet and my phone. the blu-ray player is the best I've ever had. the quality and audio are amazing. my only complaints are that it doesn't work on my mobile phone. its still pretty good but not on par with my desktop and tablet.  the blu rays work great and the sound is very clear. I am really pleased with this product.  as others have said, it does not work on your mobile phone, but the video quality is awesome. it does require some set up. but the best part is that you can watch it on your phone with your tablet. you will be very pleased.  on the bright side, i've had the blu Ray player for almost a month and the battery has not died. i think its because it's been in my pocket with the case on all the time. i really like the sound and quality. I'm looking forward to getting my next blu ray game or movie.  of course the quality can't be beat, but it's a little pricey for a player. I'd probably go with the bluray player or the bluRay Player over this. :)  Great device! I love my blu ray. The sound quality was excellent and I had no problems connecting it to my TV. I like that I can turn the lights off when I'm not using it so I can watch the movies or games in peace.    Also I like how you can plug in
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've been wanting an analog to digital converter for a long time. I wanted a device that I could plug into the wall, and play music from my computer on my portable CD player. This is it! I love the simplicity of this unit, the ability to play back audio files and adjust volume is awesome, and the included cord makes the whole thing feel like a little portable unit. My only gripe is that the included speaker is pretty much the same as the old one I used for years. I've heard people complain about how low quality the speakers are, and they are. However, it's a little annoying that they have to buy the speakers separately, and I don't want to use my crappy speakers. If I'm going to use it on the go, I don`t mind paying a little extra for a good quality one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I purchased this product a few days ago. It came quickly and the product works perfectly. The sound quality is good and the interface is easy to use. The only downside I have found is the batteries are not included and the charging cable does not include one. I am not sure why there is no batteries but I do appreciate that they are included with the device. Overall I am very happy with this purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great sound I have two of these in my live room and they are a pleasure to use and sound great. They are very good quality for a reasonable price. The first pair came in a very nice box. I like how they are designed so the cords can be plugged in in the same place as the sound card and are a great size.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This thing is so cool, I'm so excited to get a chance to use it. I can't wait to be able to play a good game on this thing while I'm sitting in front of my computer or Ipad.   I'm also very interested to see how the game runs on the ps4. Will it take advantage of the new console?   Great product and price! I'm sure I'll be back for another one for sure!   Best thing since sliced bread.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this because my old iBook got broken. I use it to write my reports in MS Word and I like that it's very portable.   This is a very good and portable device. The touch screen is good, and the keyboard is better than on my iBook. The battery life is about a day, so it's not a great battery-life device. I am happy with this purchase, especially since it was so cheap. I will purchase another one, especially if the iBook battery dies again.  I own a MacBook Air and was looking for something smaller and lighter to use as a computer for the kids. I bought this and it's great. I used it to get a report out on the internet and was amazed at how fast it worked. My kids also use it as a calculator and video player.  is an excellent, light weight device that comes with a full size keyboard and a touch screen. The price is very reasonable, and it can handle any type of application. The only thing I dislike is that the battery is so small, that you need to plug it in once a week. I would recommend this to any parent who wants a small, portable, and durable computer. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best purchase I have made in a long time! The first time I used it, I did not like the button and felt like I had to adjust it by myself, but now that I use it everyday I do not have to mess with it! If you are looking for a quality electronic device, this is the one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really like my new bluetooth headset! I am very pleased with the sound quality and the fact that it's wireless!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, August 27, 2016  Awesome, very good  by A Customer from Santa Cruz CA USA  Pros: easy to use, works great, good battery life  Cons:  Review: I bought this as my second headset because my first one is no longer working, so I wanted a new one that would work as a replacement. It's very easy to set up and use. I am able to connect with anyone over bluetooth as well as a wired headset. I have the blue ear piece, which is the better option.  The battery life is great as long as you keep your phone in standby mode. - The headset is very comfortable and well designed.  I'm very happy with my purchase.  in my opinion, it's not a bad buy at all. :)   Was this Review helpful to you in any way? Yes
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought two of these for my father. He used to be a computer guy, but he is not a tech geek. These are easy to set up and operate. I have yet to see one failure and theres been no problems at all with them. The audio is crisp and clear and the speaker system is solid. The price is very reasonable. I highly recommend these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been a Mac user since 1998. I bought a Mac Pro in 2000. I have been happy with the Mac Pro. I use it every day. I was a Microsoft user for a while. I switched back to Mac in 2013. I love my Mac Pro for its performance, features, and portability.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!The unit is very good. You can hear it at a distance, and it is very quiet. I have been using it for about a week, and I have not had any problems at all. My only complaint is that the microphone does not seem to be that good. I'm not sure why, but it is really difficult to get good audio when talking over the unit. I really don't like it, but I can't complain about it too much. Overall, it's a great little device for its price. I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is great, you can see the voltage of the battery from the outside and the brightness is great. I was able to use my iPhone 4s in a dark room and it still worked perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------This is my first computer since my Commodore 64, and I have to say I am very impressed with the performance. I am running a dual core i5 3.2ghz with 8gb of ram. I have been using a Mac Mini with a 500gb usb drive for my music and movies, so this is my second computer with an internal drive. I was worried the drive might be a little slow, but it is fast enough for my needs. The price is reasonable for a high performance computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A friend of mine bought this and had a hard time getting the unit to work. We finally figured out the problem and it worked perfectly!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I am not a fan of the Apple wireless keyboards. I have a mechanical keyboard, so I tend to use the keyboard and the touchpad a lot, but the wireless keyboard is a hassle. I had bought this a couple of months ago and have not had a problem with it yet. I do wish that the keys were slightly more flat, but it's fine for me. The only downside is that the battery has a pretty short life. I'm sure it will last, but I wish it would last longer.  Write a negative review about the same electronic device --------------- The only reason I gave this 4 stars is because the keys are mushy, and it is hard to tell where the keys stop. I would recommend getting a mechanical.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my second iLap. It works as well as the first one.   A great little device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Excellent device for its price! The build quality is very good, the quality of the LCD and the display are very good. The camera is good as well, the features are great, the battery life is very long.   I bought this for the price, and am very pleased with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************* This is my second digital watch and I've had no problems. It is very simple to use and the accuracy is very good. I like the large LCD screen. The watch is easy to read even in bright light. The only problem I have is that it's very noisy. If you wear headphones or listen to music it can be annoying. But the watch is so simple and I like that it is battery powered. *********************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas present, and she loved it. I had never used a computer before, but I'm a total geek, so I wasn't worried about what it would do. The screen was a little hard to read at first, but once you got used to it, it was really easy to use. The graphics were clear and sharp, and it was very easy to learn the ins and outs of the computer. The only thing I would change is that it was a lot of effort to turn the computer off and on. The power button is hard to find, and you have to be careful because you don't want it to turn on accidentally, or on a table where it can be knocked over. Other than that, I would recommend this to any gamer, especially the younger ones. It's just so cool to play games on.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new M-Series was the first I've bought from C.H. for some time, and they have a good reputation, and the sound is very nice. I used the EHX Super-Vibe in the last couple of years with no issues, and this unit is a bit bigger and a bit louder than the EHP. The M-series sounds just as good, if not better. Good, but could be better:   This is a good unit, but there are a couple things I'd like to see in the future. I like the fact that it comes with a 3-band EQ, but the volume knob is a little small and doesn't work well with the other knobs. The tone knob is small and a little difficult to use, as you have to turn it in the opposite direction of the volume controls, which means you have no access to the full tone range (it's not that big a deal, I just prefer the way it works). There's a neat little feature where you can use a small rubberized strip on the back of the unit to remove the foam padding on the front of the units. It helps the unit feel a little more like a real amp. This is an easy to use product, but it's missing a few features that I'd really like to have.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A+  I'm an older man and needed something to play music on. The product worked as advertised. It was easy to set up and had all the necessary features.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I love the Sennheiser PC 363 and my friends do too. It's the best wireless headset I've ever used. It doesn't hurt my ears, the headset is comfortable and I get great sound. The only downside is the small battery life. But I get used to it and it lasts me a long time. I like it because it's not bulky and the headset comes with an extra set of ear tips.  My first Sennsennheisers: These have been a favorite of mine since I was a teenager. They are the most comfortable wireless headphones I have ever worn. They do get a little warm in warm weather and that's why I've had them for a long while. I love that they are cordless, I can put them on in the car and go right to the store. They get the job done well and are worth the price!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am very happy with my Pono player. It sounds great and has a good volume for it's size. I have been using my iPod as a music player, but now that I have a Pono I feel I have all my music at my finger tips. Thanks Pono!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to get around when I was in a rush or needed something fast. It works great, is extremely simple to use, and does what it is supposed to do. I've only had it for a couple weeks, but I'm already enjoying the extra speed it gives me. I would buy again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "The good, the bad, the ugly"   -John
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The device worked perfectly. The sound was good, and the device was very well built and durable. I was surprised that it had a headphone jack, but it did the job. I would definitely buy this product again and recommend it to others.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  I've had my new LG P8100 for a little over a month now, and I've been very impressed. I've had a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and Nexus 5X, and it's the best of both worlds in terms of build quality, speed, battery life, and features. I'm also impressed with the quality of the camera and the battery life. The camera is very good, and the ability to use two SIMs simultaneously on one device is a big plus. The audio quality is good as well. I have a Nexus 5 and have been very happy with that as well, though it is much more bulky than the LG P9. I really like the size and weight of the phone. It's nice to have a large phone in my pocket. The LG P7100 is a bit bigger and heavier than the Nexus 5, but the Nexus is slightly more expensive.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The best keyboard I have ever used. The keys are firm and easy to press. The keycaps are a little too small but I am sure I can get used to it. It takes a few days to get used too but once you get it you will see how much fun this is to use. I highly recommend this keyboard.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been using this for about a week now. I've used a ton of different audio players over the years and this is the best one yet. I love the sound quality. It's really great. The volume is adjustable.   The only thing that I would say that is lacking is the remote. It has 3 buttons that work well but there is a tiny black button on the back of the unit that is pretty much useless. It is just the perfect size but the little black button is a pain in the ass to reach and I find myself just pushing it in to the player because I have it close by.   the only other thing I would like to see added is a battery that lasts longer.  , October 29, 2011  I bought the FiiO E7 USB powered speakers because I wanted to play my MP3's and play music from my iPod without having to connect my computer. This thing is AMAZING! I have never heard such a great sound in my ears. I am not an audiophile but I am a music lover. This speaker is amazing. It sounds amazing. The bass is awesome and the midrange is great. I think the best part about it is the ability to turn the volume down to 0 if I don't want to use my computer at all. I also think that I could play music and listen to it on the speakers. I have the Fostex TH900, and that thing sounds bad. It doesn't have the sound I'm going for with this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this amp to play my guitar. I have used many different models and they all have a few flaws. This amp is a great value for the money. The only drawback is the amp seems to have a slight "hiss" in the background when the amp is turned up. I am still trying to figure out what it is. It may just be the amp. It is easy to operate and easy to understand. I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a great sounding guitar amp for a small price. I highly recommend this amp.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the XM-L2 for a trip to Europe. I wanted something lightweight and simple and had a very good experience with this model. The price is good, the features are great and the battery lasts a very long time. I have used it a few times and the first time it went into a pocket and it came out again. I also use it as a handheld monitor while skiing and I like it very much.  Good job JVC, you made my trip to the Alps very easy. A great product with a few issues:  1. I'm very happy that the charger cable has the metal clip that clips to the charging base but I'm not happy about the charging plug. I am sure it was meant to be this way. I don't see the metal clips on the other side of the plug which makes it difficult to get the charging cord into the charging port.  2. The LCD screen is very bright and very bright. It has a very wide viewing angle but it's hard to see details in the dark. It also has a screen protector which does not seem to be effective. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* This is an excellent little device, especially for people who have trouble keeping their eyes open at night. I've had it for over a year now and it still works perfectly, even when I'm on the road. It has the added bonus of a very nice sound. I can listen to music from my iPod, my computer, or even the radio. If you're like me, you have to keep your eyes open a lot of the time to keep up with what you're reading, or you can't help but to look down at your iPhone or iPad. This helps you focus on what you want to read, and it's nice to have the ability to do that when you don't want to. I'm a little skeptical about the charging mechanism, as the batteries seem to pop out at random, but I've not had any problems with it. It's a good device for the price, and I'd definitely recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I had a problem where the buttons wouldn't turn on but it was a simple problem and I could have just used a normal battery and everything would have been fine. It's nice to have a phone that's actually a great phone and I can't complain at all. The battery life is a little long, but that's to be expected with a phone as big as this one. The best thing about it is the way the screen works, which is what made this phone. It has a very high resolution and crisp image, and the screen is very bright. It looks very good and the battery life seems to be great for an android device. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who wants a nice large phone with a high resolution display and a very good battery life.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife and she absolutely loves it. We use it every day, even when we are away from the house and it always works.  The buttons are small but well placed, so that you can always find them.   No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:1 people found this review helpful
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ I received my first computer and it was a great buy. It has saved me so much time since my computer died and I didn't want to spend hours trying to get it working. I would recommend this product to any computer lover.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great tool, I used it to replace my old TV. The interface is very easy to use. The only problem is that the HDMI cable isn't always the best quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I like my K3s a lot, but I wish I had the money to buy a real one!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! This is the best keyboard I have ever used. It is very responsive and has a large range of keys. This keyboard is perfect for writing on the go and playing games on the computer. It has been years since I had a good keyboard. This is a great keyboard!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  This is a wonderful, high quality electronic product, I highly recommend it to all my friends and I use mine every day. I am now on my 5th one and I have only had to replace one battery and it has always lasted me a week. I can't say enough good things about it, it's a wonderful product. I'm glad I ordered mine. Thanks, iVape!  Great Product!!!! Great product. Great customer service. Great shipping speed.  Amazing!!! The product is amazing. It comes with a usb cable, and it will be the first one I use to charge my e cig. It works like a dream. I just bought another one.  is the best!!! This is the second I have purchased, and the second one was great as well. I've been a long time e-cig user, and had bought several brands before deciding on the IVape. It's so easy to use, and has a great price. Thanks guys! 's got a lot of juice!!! I just got this today. I got it for Christmas, and I'm excited about it. The packaging was really nice, and in the box was a good bit of juice, as well as a usb adapter. The juice is really good. It smells great, and is really strong, but I love the flavor. I have been a user of this brand for awhile now, and love the taste. I'll be buying more in the future.  a little strong!!! i love it but the taste is a little bit strong to me but the battery is very durable  awesome!!!!!! this was my second one. The first one was broken. The second one is awesome. The price is great. Great company to deal with. Highly recommend. :)!!! Best electronic cigarettes!!! If you're looking for an e-cigarette, you need to look no further.  and I do mean best, and you can't get a better price.!!! Highly recommended!  a great product!!! Awesome product  I Love this!!! Love the product  that came in the package I really liked the idea of this product, so I bought 2 and a usb. I love it I have a couple of others I'll order some more. Thanks  great e-juice!!! It's a great tasting product and I will definitely buy again. The flavor
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my VLC media player and use it every day to play music and watch videos. It is super fast and simple to use and is easy to install. I have a Mac and I can't say enough good things about this app. I will use it for many years.  It does have some problems with some codecs (MP3) but that is common in any new software. I recommend this app to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my third digital camera, and it has never failed me.  I use the built-in flash, which is really good for low light.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This is a must have for any professional photographer I have a Canon Rebel T3i and it is a great camera, but I was looking for a different camera to take the picture I wanted. This is my first digital camera and it performed very well. I would recommend this camera for anyone who is taking pictures for a living.  Reviewer: Brian from South Carolina. I have been using my Canon Rebel for over 20 years. I had my first DSLR about 12 years ago and have been upgrading and upgrading my Canon ever since. I always had a good experience with Canon and am glad I finally made the switch to the Rebel. The images come out very well and the quality is very good. I like the viewfinder on my camera and I also like that I can see what I'm doing on the LCD screen. The only downside to this camera is that it takes pictures in RAW format, which I prefer to JPEG, but the quality of RAW files is excellent.  the camera comes with a nice bag to put it in and I'm happy with the quality and image that came out. I did have one problem with the camera and that was the lens was loose but once I tightened it I was good to go. The camera is a very good buy, I think it is the best choice for anyone looking for the best digital camera in the market. I can't say enough good things about this camera and will be using it for a long time. .  I love the camera, the controls are great, the LCD is clear and easy to see what is going on, the battery life is great, and the size and weight is perfect. I am using the camera with a 20-30mm zoom lens and it looks very nice. I love the fact that the camera can take pictures in color, I also love the built in flash. I will say that my images are very grainy and are not very sharp. I don't know if this is my camera or the sensor, but sometimes it just seems like my camera is recording in black and white, and I can never see the detail. If you want to save a lot of money, go with the Canon Rebel XTi. If however you want a camera that has amazing picture quality,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product that you will not regret purchasing.  The only con is the USB port that is located right in front of the volume control, so be careful when using it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My wife loves it. She has had several others and this one is the best. It's easy to use and the price is reasonable.   The only thing I wish it had was a battery indicator and a way to recharge the device from a USB port or USB port. I have to constantly look at the light to know how much charge is left.   a positive experience with this product: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second one I have bought and I have used them before. I bought this one to replace the broken one, the other one is a little small so i was not too sure about this one but it turned out to be perfect. It is very durable and the build quality is very good.  Great little thing: I bought my first one a couple of years ago. It was the right size and a great price. I use it to record audio on my phone while at the gym. It's very small and fits perfectly in my front pocket. The only thing I wish it had was a microphone. Otherwise, it is a great little device.  (Posted on 4/11/2018)  Best Buy Product I've ever purchased! Review by David Rating It is nice that you can use it for recording but it would be better if there was a way to turn it into a microphone or something. It also is very lightweight and is very quiet. But the best part is the fact that it's battery lasts for a very long time.  is my new favorite thing to carry.  to my knowledge it's the best deal in the market.  I use mine for my personal use. (Posted the 4/8/2018 )  Excellent product Review by Eric Rating It's a very nice product. It has been reliable and performs well. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)  (This review has not been reviewed yet.)  of course I recommend the Best Buy products and will continue to do so (Posted 4/7/2018))  Simple, yet powerful Review by Michael Rating Easy to use and small. I love this product. (The review was gathered as part the promotion.)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love my new Sony BVM. It is a lot bigger than my previous BVM, and it works much better for what I needed it to do.  Have you got a good deal?   The seller, and the product, were of great value to me.  I purchased this from a seller in the USA, and I would definitely buy from them again. I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend them to any one. I will definitely buy again from them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "There are no second chances."  -Ronald Reagan
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love this product! I got it for my 13 month old daughter, and I love it. The only thing I would change is that it's only one button. I think there should be two. One for on and off. The second would be a volume button.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, June 09, 2016  Great  by Anonymous Person from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: Good design, easy to use, very accurate  Cons: None  Review: This is a very good toy for a very young age. It is a great size, fits well in the hand and it's easy to control. The batteries last for about 4 hours.   My daughter has found that she enjoys it too, but she is still learning how to control it. She has a few problems with it, one of them being that it gets cold and the other is that the sound is not the same as a real cock. The sound is a little high pitched for her.  ,  -Anonymous   Was This Review Helpful? Yes
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second model of the same keyboard, I've got two of them. This one is much nicer in the sound and feel, and I use it for music editing and playing music on a Mac. It's so nice and compact. I was skeptical about the price but I think it is worth the money. I've already purchased one for my son for his PC.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The battery lasted the entire time it was charged! I am a power line repair technician and I have used a lot of chargers. The batteries last about 2 months so this is a great price for a charger. I would recommend this to anyone. It is a nice size too!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This thing is awesome! I was in a bind and this thing came to the rescue. It does exactly what it says it will do. I love the ability to record audio with it too. This thing works perfectly!  No, you're not reading this review because you're looking for a computer. ------------ I've been on a quest to replace my old laptop for a while now, and this is the only option that has come up. The screen is fantastic and the price is right. I can't wait to get a chance to use it. I don't think it's an Apple product though, but a great one.  What a good device! ------------ Great device for the price. I bought this about 3 months ago and I am very happy with it. :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is the best battery charger ever. It charges my phone fast and easily. My cell phone died about 4 times but this charger did it every time. I like how easy it is to use. It's a great product. - A.H. from Phoenix, AZ ------------------------- My only problem is that the charger doesn't come with a cord. So I have to carry it everywhere I go. The price is reasonable, and the charger is very efficient. I am very pleased. - K. from St. Paul, MN ------------------------ This charger is amazing. I was having problems with my phone going dead. This charger kept my phone alive. I can't recommend it highly enough! - T.C. from Chicago, IL ------------------------ Great charger for a very good price. I highly recommend this product. I bought 2 of these for my children who have no power adapters. They are great little accessories!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is good, easy to use, but some people are a little scared to use it.  I am one of them. I have had no problems.  For a portable, great device.  It is a little hard to use if you are a "pianist", but that is my only complaint.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've used the B&W Blue Ray a few times now and can't complain at all. It's super easy to use, with a nice large screen. The screen isn't too bright, which is a big plus. It looks great on my desktop as well as my phone. I also like the fact that the batteries last a long time - usually about 6-7 hours. I bought the BCD because I have an old Apple IIe, which the Blue Ray doesn't play well on, but I find that the B-Ray is more forgiving than the Apple II, and the sound quality is great. I'll buy more of these in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my brother who is blind. He had the original one and now I have the upgraded version that works much better than the original! --------------- My friend bought one and I got one for me. They both work great and are very easy to use. --------------- This thing is amazing. I just recently got it and I'm so happy I bought it. It was so easy to get it to work with my computer. ------------- This thing works well and it is a very nice product. -------------- I have been using my Sennheiser Wireless Headphones for many years and have always used them with my Mac laptop. But they just can't take it anymore and I was looking for something a little more powerful and with a higher quality sound. The sound of these headphones is amazing! -------------- This is the best wireless headphone I've ever used! ------------- I've tried the wireless ones, and these are way better. ------------ I've been looking for a wireless headset that works as good as these for a long time. I'm now able to listen to music on my iPod without being disturbed by the outside world. --------------------------- This is a good product, but the batteries are not rechargeable. I don't think they should be either. _________________  The SennHear is a simple wireless headset. It uses a standard 3.5mm plug that you can connect to any standard 3rd party headphones that have a 3.3mm headphone jack. It's an excellent headset that is very comfortable to wear. The only problem I've had with these is that they are not always as loud as the ones that come with Mac computers. They are a little louder than the ones I had from Mac OS X 10.3.3 but still quieter than my other Mac headphones. If you want to use your Mac laptop with the headphones it will take a little bit longer, but this is a minor issue. I also recommend using the optional battery pack which makes the headphones last about 10 hours before the batteries need to be recharged. The headphones themselves are made of soft plastic which is not as comfortable as leather or other materials, but I've never had any problems with them. They do not have the ability to be adjusted as they are just a plain design and not adjustable at all. It would be nice if they came with a screwdriver for adjusting them, but they are fairly easy to adjust. The SennHearers are the same
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:............................................. 5/5  Good quality, easy to use, good sound quality, looks great.  I am very satisfied with my purchase. I am a musician and I love the volume and clarity of the sound. This is an excellent product for the money and it is easy to setup.  the only con I have is that the cord can get a little tangle when it is connected to a powered amplifier, but its not a big deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the omx for several months now. It is a fantastic product. Its really easy to use, easy to set up, easy for someone like me who is just getting into electronics to use. It also has a great built in speaker, i bought the omegacwo with the extra speaker, and it's perfect! This is a great little box, and a great deal for the money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by James from Great product. The only thing i didn't like about the oomx is that its a little to large to get to all the connectors, i used the oma to connect all the cables for my tv, and when i put the omo on the TV, it doesn't fit, its like a little ball. The oomX is perfect  Rating: 5 out a 5.0 stars.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a bit skeptical about the purchase, but after receiving it and testing it out, I am convinced this is an excellent device and well worth the money.  The price for this particular unit is very reasonable, and I highly recommend this product.  I am very happy with the product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It is very convenient. I bought it a couple of months ago, and use it for my home stereo. The speakers are loud and clear, and the volume control is nice. The remote control is easy to use, and is quite helpful. The battery lasts for a long time, so you can listen to the radio for a while without having to plug in. If I ever get the need for another wireless receiver, this will be my first choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************************  I use a Sony DVR to record all my activities on a Sony Z-Series camcorder and it works perfectly. It's easy to set up and use. It is not a big screen but works great as a backup. The one thing I did not like is that the video recording doesn't have any sound, but I have a Sony earphone for that.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Joe  5  Reviewed by:from - Atlanta, GA. on 7/30/2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the first time I've had an iPad and I was quite surprised that it is as good as advertised. The software is very good and very intuitive. The size and weight are perfect and the iPad is as comfortable as it looks. I highly recommend this iPad for anyone that wants to be able to do things with it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!   First I have to say that this is my first electronic device I bought, and I like it. It is not as small as my old iPod Touch (which I am replacing anyway), but it is very light and small enough to hold in my pocket. The sound quality is very good, and the fact that it doesn't need to be charged or charged again really saves a lot of time, but the battery life is disappointing. I was hoping for more because this is the first time I have used it in a month.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this to replace my old wireless router. The only thing I like about the device is the fact that it can do both WAN and LAN at the same time. The performance is very good as well. The device is also easy to use and has all the features I was looking for.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It was the first time I used the electronic pen so I was not very impressed with the first few days. After about a week the ink quality was good, it did not dry up as quickly as the other pens. The writing was smooth. The nib was very smooth and the ink was of good quality. I also enjoyed the ability to switch between fine and broad nibs. I would recommend this pen for anyone who wants to enjoy writing with an electronic pen.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have had my unit for about a month now and have been very happy with it. I have only had it connected to the router for a day and a half so I don't have a lot of experience with it, but so far so good. I am going to purchase a 2nd one. I will buy the next one, and I am looking forward to it. It is so much easier to set up. It has been a life saver.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images dialog Previous Image Next Image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great unit for the price. It has been working perfectly for my needs. The USB connection is very easy to connect and has a good quality sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best headphone I have ever had! I was very disappointed when the headphones stopped working, but luckily I had my brother's old pair. The quality is just as good as the new ones, and the noise cancelling is amazing. I have the earpads on and the cable is nice and thin. This is a great headphone! I would buy it again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: _________ This is a good device for the price, if you need to connect a computer or other electronic device you don't have, you will not be disappointed. It works well and I haven't had any problems with it. I've used it for a while now, it has worked perfectly and I have no issues with it at all.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:....................................................... A must have for all those who like to use their computer. Works great with the new MacBook and the new iMac.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the first one of these and it worked great for the most part. It only had 2 problems though. The first one was that the LED's started flashing every few seconds and they started to be really annoying to watch. The second was that it started to play music at random times which I thought was annoying as well. I have had a few other units with the same problem and the only fix is to change the firmware. I would recommend that to anyone who needs a decent computer for the price.  Review of DJM-1000 +1/2" Aux Cable:  To the people complaining about the price and the fact that it only has 1 USB input... Don't do it. The DJM1000 can be used to connect to almost any computer and there are plenty of USB devices that will work. You can also use the aux cable that comes with it and connect a second computer. You could even use the DJM1001 with a usb hub to use a second controller or USB keyboard and mouse. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is that it is a USB based device. It doesn't play music and you can't use it to transfer files.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months now and its the only one i have and i havent been able to find one anywhere i wanted to buy one so i took a chance and bought one. this thing is awesome. its not the cheapest but it will last for a long time and you cant beat the price. this is what i was looking for.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I received this for Christmas and I couldn't be happier. It works well and is simple to use. I highly recommend this device to anyone who wants a decent wireless device.  What do you think of the Sony VAIO Wireless Network Adapter?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've had my Samsung Smart TV for about two years now and I absolutely love it.   It's the perfect size, looks nice, and works well.  The only negative is the battery life.  It lasts about 2 to 3 hours, and then it goes to sleep and has to be turned back on.  I can't imagine ever going without it anymore.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It is a very good item to buy for the price. I like that it is a wireless. You can play a CD, watch a DVD, or use a modem, but you can use it as a TV if you are a video lover. The remote has a nice feel to it. I would recommend this to anyone that wants to get a good gaming console with wireless.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ Excellent item! I use this device for music recording, and my wife uses it to record our conversations. This device is a very useful piece of equipment that does the job it was designed to do. If you need a good quality portable microphone, I recommend this one. It is a bit more expensive than the others that are available, but if you need to record your conversation in a pinch, this one will do the trick.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Mic! I bought the PSC-3 to be a good second mic to my main mic. The PSC is a good replacement to my old mics. It has a nice feel to it and is a lot louder. It also has an internal XLR plug which makes it easier to plug into an audio interface. ,  The only thing I'd add is to be sure to get the mic's included cable with it. It was the only thing that made it into my studio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I have been buying the Panasonic GH4 since it came out, I just got a GH3 and have a Panasonic GH3D. I bought the GH4 and I'm very happy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best portable USB keyboard I've ever used. I've been using it with a laptop and it just works better than the USB keyboards I've used in the past. It's light weight, the keys are tactile, and it's not too loud (but not too quiet either). The USB connection is very good and the battery life is excellent. This is a great keyboard for your laptop. Did you find this helpful? 6 of 8 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Mitch  5  Reviewed by:from NY. on 8/24/2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using my pc for 15 years and it was just about broken down when i found this thing but so far so good. It has all of the ports i need including ethernet and a usb port. It also came with all the cables needed for my new pc and i have been able to set it up in a jiffy. My only complaint is that it wasnt working for me until i fixed the battery so i can now play music on my pc and even watch videos on it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the EHX Deluxe Room Correction Pedal and a pair of M-Audio BX3's. I have a pair from the last year or so, and I'm using the Deluxe version for a while now.   They sound very nice to me. I love the room correction and they have a ton of bass. I like the mid range a lot as well. I haven't had the room corrected pedals for a long time and am excited to use them. I also really like the fact that the BX series are fully programmable. I was worried that the pedal would be difficult to program. I'm glad I didn't have that worry.   in the meantime, I'll probably buy a pair more.  , a friend,  , May 20, 2010  I am very satisfied with the EZ-Recorder II and the Deluxe Room EQ. I would like to see the room EQ function added to the Deluxe, but this pedal is well worth the money.  - Jim from TX  Reviewer: alex from michigan - favorite favorite favorite - March 16, 2010
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This was my first purchase from e-cigarette and I must say I am really satisfied with this product.   I like the quality and design of the unit.  I use a vape pen for vaping and this thing works great in my pocket.  The price is unbeatable as well.  This will be my main mod and it is so far my favorite!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:............................................ This is the best device for the money. It has a very high quality built in speaker that gives you an amazing sound for the price. I bought this with my son who is in his second year of high school. It was perfect for him because he has no other audio device. I am very satisfied with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good electronic speaker for the price. It is very easy to install, but you should read the instructions carefully. When I did install this, I was surprised that the speaker seemed to be a bit louder than the volume that I had in my vehicle. So I installed a second speaker. I like the fact that the wires are easy to remove, the cord is long enough, and the box is easy to open. The only drawback I can see is that it is hard to keep the speaker in place with the back of the speakers facing the windshield. The bottom line is that this is a good sounding speaker. It has great volume and is easy install. A great value:  The sound quality is fantastic. I installed this speaker and it sounds just as good as my old one. Great price:    The speaker comes with everything you need. I recommend this to anyone who has an older car or truck with a bad speaker system and wants a decent sounding system.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my third iDevice, and the only one I've ever given to a friend. I love the design, ease of use, and ease of repair.  I've had my iDevices for over a year and I still love them.  I do wish there were more accessories, but the iDevice and the Apple Pencil both come with everything you need to get going.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife, who has difficulty controlling her anxiety because of a history of panic attacks and anxiety. The anxiety control has improved dramatically over the past two weeks. I have had no problems with the control since it was delivered.  The unit is easy to use, the software is simple and the control is accurate. I highly recommend this product to those with anxiety.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new Ipad is the best device i've had in a long time. I use the bluetooth to listen to music on my computer. I just wish it was waterproof. My iphone 5 is still waterproof. It is just not worth the $100 i spent for this one. I hope the next one is water resistant.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first electronic device. I just got it to try out my first digital music player. I am glad I bought this unit. It works well and has all the features I need. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very happy with this unit! I purchased this device because I wanted a simple, compact, easy to use digital music device. The unit is very easy to operate and it plays all my music files I have purchased. I really like that it has a USB input which allows me to use my computer as a backup to play music in my car.  Rated 5 out of  by Anonymous from Works great and looks good I am a music lover and this is a great little device! The battery lasts a long time so you can keep listening to your tunes all day long. It looks great and is easy to take along on a road trip or to the park with you. The only thing I didn't like about it is the cord is a little hard to get out.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great little device. The quality of the electronic parts is great, the design is nice and slim and very convenient.   I love this device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  Just purchased a Sony R8500, and have to say, it is the best camera that I have ever used. I bought a Sony F65 in the 70's, and I loved it. This camera is just as good, if not better than the F65.   I love this camera, but the only thing that could improve it is an external flash unit. It is a great camera, however, for the price it is worth the investment.  Add a Review for Sony RX100 V   Great Camera, but... - July 19, 2015 - July 20, 2015  Reviewer: Jim from Chicago IL - favorite favorite favorite - July 12, 2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using my Panasonic LUMIX GH5 for about 2 months now. I love the camera, and use it mostly for video. I've always been a big fan of the GH3, but the GH5 is a solid upgrade. I also like the fact that the GH4 will only shoot 4K (at 24/25fps) but not 5K (16/30fps). I just wish that Panasonic would keep making better lenses (I have a canon 24-105, a Canon 50-200, a Sigma 18-200 f2.8, a Samyang 5.6, a Zeiss 16-35mm f2 and the new 14mm f1.7). It's a good camera, but I wish Panasonic would upgrade their lenses to improve their image quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good digital recorder. It records to a micro SD card and plays back great sound. It's a bit small, but it's a good size for travel. The only issue is that the remote is really flimsy and it tends to fall out of the device when recording. I had to use a pair of pliers to hold the remote on.  Other than that, the recorder is very nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a great portable radio and has a large display with good picture quality. It also has a good battery life and is pretty quiet. The sound quality is a bit less than I expected from a portable radio, but this is the same size as most of the radios that come with CD players. It works well for listening to music and has lots of features. The only downside is that the buttons are somewhat hard to find, but the buttons themselves are not hard to use. The unit has a very clean and well made look, and is a good value for the price. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a portable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this to go with my PC and it works great. I'm running Windows 7 x64 and I can't seem to get my Windows 7 Home Premium DVD to boot up. It does however boot from a DVD, but I'm having trouble finding it in the drive.   A bit annoying is that if you click the mouse button while the device is plugged in, it says "PC Not Ready". I had this same issue with a HP laptop which was made by the same company. This is my first HP device, but the warranty should be good, and I'm sure HP will fix this as well.   and I've only had it a week, so I don't know how long it will last, but so far it seems like a good device, especially for the price!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works fine.  I'm very pleased with it.    The battery life is about 2-3 months.  I was worried about this one but it really is very good.  This device is good enough to use in class.  There is no way to know when it's plugged in.  The only downside is the battery does not last long enough for the cost. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!!!! I have a new LG G2. I have been very pleased with the way this phone works and how much better it is than my old one. I love the size of the phone, I like the way it feels in the hand and the way the screen and buttons work. I also like the battery life. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the screen is not the best, and when it is on it can look a bit grainy and is not as sharp as the other phones I have. It's not like it's a deal breaker for me though. The camera is very good and the screen makes it better. I would definitely buy this phone again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is the second model of the NEX-7 I own. I bought the first one because the image was clearer and more vibrant, but the second one has more features and better sound. The only thing I don't like about the first is the fact that the lens is not quite flat but is rather angled and not a true flat lens like I would like. I'm hoping that I can get a flat lens from Panasonic and the next NEX 7 to match. But for the price and the features I can't beat this one. If you're looking for an alternative to a DSLR, a better lens than the one in my old NEX 5, and the sound quality is excellent, this is it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- This is the second computer I've purchased from you guys. The first one was a Samsung that I got about 2 years ago. It worked flawlessly, and I'm glad that I decided to purchase another Samsung. This new computer is awesome. I've already installed the drivers and the system is really smooth now. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because it has not come with the new USB 3.0 cable that came with my original Samsung, which is what I had wanted. So I had to buy that separately. But it is not a big deal because the other reason I rated 4 stars was because of the price. I bought it at Walmart, and it cost me $400.00 to get it installed and running. I'm hoping the price will go down to around $200.00 in the near future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is an excellent product for the price. The battery life is great, the sound is very good, and the interface is simple to use. This is my first computer that I have purchased from Amazon, and I am very happy with my purchase. ********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first purchase from the company and I'm very happy with my purchase. This is the best deal out there for the price. I bought this because I was having a hard time figuring out how to switch from my old laptop to a Macbook Air. After reading about the problems I encountered with this model and my previous experience with this computer, I decided to give this one a try. After purchasing the keyboard, mouse and case I was extremely pleased with the quality and features. It's nice to have the touch screen that's only a few dollars more than my previous computer. It takes a little bit longer to set up than my old computer, but it's very easy to figure out. I've been using the computer for about 6 months and it still works well. The only negative I have to say about this is the keyboard is a little mushy. This wasn't a problem when I was using my old keyboard, but now I can't type without my hand on the keyboard and it's just weird. If I had known this I would have bought a new keyboard. I wish they had added a little extra padding to the top of the keys because the keyboard gets very hot when typing. I also wish there was a second USB port. The first USB port is just fine for my purposes. It was a little tight to get in and out of the first time, but after getting used to it I'm glad I bought it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I'm using this as a wireless keyboard for my work laptop and it works very well, I've been using it for a while now and the keyboard is very comfortable. The only issue I have is with the "CAD" function of the keys. It only works on Windows and I can't seem to figure out how to activate it with the Mac keyboard. I use this a lot but I'm sure I'll use a different keyboard once I get my Mac keyboard working.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these and have had zero problems with them. They work great and they last forever.  Great value.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to use as a monitor for my son's Nintendo Gameboy, but also to play my own Nintendo GameBoy Advance games on it.  It works very well, but the picture quality is not as great as I expected.    The picture on the Gameboy Advance is very nice.  The only problem I had with this monitor was that the power cord was just a little short.  I just tightened it a little more, and the monitor now is perfect.  The only other problem I have with this product is that the video out is only 5 pins,   so you must use a special adapter for that. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device has made my life easier and I would recommend it to anyone. I love it. I am a new father, but am not a new user of electronics. I have been trying to read the paper for about a month. This device is great. I can read my book on the train ride home without reading a second. I'm a bit of a nerd, so I love to read, but I can't read my e-book without looking at the book. So this device is perfect. I also bought this for my daughter, who can't touch a computer. She likes her iPad, but can't use it. This has been great. It works great, and has a light that you can't see, but it is a nice touch. It's a great gadget. The only complaint I have is that the screen can be difficult to read. It is just too dark. It has a small light on the bottom, but that is too much.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this device for over a year and the quality has never wavered. i have bought and sold it over 30 times and never had a single problem. I have never owned a device like this and i would recommend this to anyone. i highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the unit for about a month now.  It's worked great for me so far.    I have an iPhone 5, but my other phone doesn't have the same number of functions as the iPhone.  My wife has an Android phone and I've tried the   phone and   android  .   The   E-Cig is a great alternative for her.  The battery life is long enough so that I can use it on a 2-3 hour run and still have plenty of juice left.  It's nice that the      I can have it on me, and not have to be at my house or at work or wherever I am all the time.  I'd recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the KW-S3 with a full compliment of accessories.  The remote works great.    I have had no problems with it in the few days I have owned it.  The only thing I wish was different about it is the sound quality.  It is not bad, but it is not great either.  The bass is a little weak and the mids are a little muddy.  This is my first portable receiver.  I purchased it with the intention of listening to music on it and to a degree I have done that.  However, I have purchased a couple of other portable receivers and this one does not measure up to them in quality. I have no plans to buy another KW receiver.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Samsung Galaxy S4 is the best smartphone ever made.  It is the latest and greatest from the best manufacturer in the world.    I am using this phone on a daily basis.  The only phone I would use on a full day of work is a BlackBerry, because of the need to type on a keyboard.  I am so pleased with my purchase that I will be buying another.  Thank you Samsung for making such a great phone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Very easy to use, very responsive. The unit is well built, does not rattle and does not require any adjustments or tools to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ I was looking for an old school laptop to get rid of, so i went for this one. It looks like the original apple computer but with a nice look. The sound quality is good, and it's very slim, but you can't use it for anything more than a little casual stuff. I would recommend this if you want a slim and modern look for a laptop.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great portable power bank. It is very powerful and holds a lot of juice. It has a decent USB port and it has a good capacity, too. It does get hot when charging but you get a lot more juice out of it than you might think. I really like it and I highly recommend it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 26, 2015  Good product  by Richard from San Jose CA USA  Pros: Strong and portable. Good value  Cons: Could use a more compact form factor. : No  Review: This is great! Great battery for on the go, it has good size and great weight. It can be used as a portable charger or a source of power when you're out. I use mine to charge my tablet or laptop at home but also it can be plugged into the wall to charge an iPhone.  in my opinion, the best battery for your buck, I've seen them cheaper and they are much more powerful, the USB port on this thing is very handy to have a quick way to charge the device. . I would recommend this battery if you are looking for a solid, long lasting battery to have around.  with it's great size and price I highly reccomend it. If I had one complaint about it, it would be the price. 's
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for a good compact camera for a while. This is one of the better models, and a better design than I expected. I'm still getting used to using the flash on it, but I'm very pleased with it. I also think that the camera is a little big, but not to the point where I can't carry it with a tripod.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- When I received this, I was pleasantly surprised. It works very well, the batteries last forever, the sound is great. The only problem I have is the buttons don't work properly. I have a computer with an external keyboard, so I bought a USB keyboard with the same buttons, but when I plugged in this device, it didn't work. I had to send it back to get a new one. I wish it worked on my computer, but I think the button problems are just my device. If you want a nice sounding, big speaker for a low price, this is it. I'm not sure if I'd recommend it for use on a computer, because the buttons are just not good, but it works great for the speaker itself.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best phone that i bought. It is very easy to use. I love the fact that it has a headphone jack. I use my phone as a headphone, and this phone allows me to do that. I have the S7 and this is just like having the S6. I do have the 6 Plus, but the S5 is the one I use. The screen is bright and crisp. The phone is very lightweight. The design is a great one. The speakers are very loud and the speakers are pretty good. I am a fan of the fingerprint scanner. I don't really like the camera, but I can live with that. The only problem I have is with the battery. It takes a lot of charge to get through a day. Also, the charging cord is so short that I cannot plug it in. If you have a larger battery and a longer charger, this phone will be perfect. Overall, this is the perfect phone for me. It's very good and well made. The battery is good as well. I would definitely recommend this phone to someone. My top pick for the price:  The Best phone for the money I have been using my HTC One for almost a year now. It has a very good camera, and very good audio and speaker. I got this phone as my first phone, and it was a great deal. It was just what I wanted. I did have to send it back to HTC because they did not include my warranty, but it was still a good phone. I highly recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my Voodoo 4.  It is the best electronic keyboard I have ever owned.  I have owned a few keyboards in the past but this is the one I keep coming back to.  It is a joy to use.    It comes with the software to program the keyboard but I can do it by hand on my PC.  The best thing about this keyboard is that you don't have to buy a new one every couple of years.  This is the keyboard you want when you are trying to save up to buy an expensive mechanical keyboard. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    "A must have for anyone who needs to record their guitar. This is the best and most convenient recorder I have used."   Great product. Great price. Great service. Great product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My device works very well, as I have a computer on my desk, and use my laptop as a secondary computer. The wireless connection is very fast and easy. I have no problems using this device, and I highly recommend this product. I am very happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone who has a laptop or desktop computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was able to repair my broken cell phone with this. I'm a musician and the only cell phone I have is a iPhone. It's broken and is not covered under warranty. The instructions for this device were very easy to follow and the repair was pretty quick. The phone has great reception, so it's not hard to listen to music while walking or working out. I like this repair device because it works fast. I don't have to wait for my service to get back to me. I highly recommend this repair!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to help me sleep at night and I am glad I did. I am always up in the morning trying to get up for school, so this is perfect. It does what it says it does, it is great at its job. It wakes me up with the sound and my wife has to wake me up because it is so annoying. It is loud enough that I can't sleep without it. My favorite product ever:    I have this product in my house for several years and I keep getting compliments on it every time I see it. I have a hard time sleeping in my bed without it, it keeps me up. This is the best thing I have ever bought in my life. Good quality: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been a huge fan of this device since i got it a few years ago and it still is.  If you have a small laptop or netbook and you want to get the best of both worlds, this is a great option. The keyboard is not the same as the original model but its very good, and it has a great trackpad that is very responsive. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------This is my second purchase from the PNY brand. I was not disappointed with my first purchase. This model is very compact and lightweight. The buttons and switches are smooth. The headphone output has a very high level of clarity. The sound is very clear and crisp. This unit is very easy to use, even if you are a novice. The unit comes with a charger and a CD of the soundtracks of all the movies that I own. This will be a good addition to my collection.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for 2 weeks now. I have had it for about a week and it has been great. The only thing I would change is if you would have a removable battery that would last a few months. Other than that great buy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a fantastic electronic device. The sound is very clear, with no pops or cracks.  The battery life is fantastic, and the ability to connect to multiple computers is a plus.    It's the best thing I've bought since my Apple iphone 5. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned my iBook since it was released and I love it.  The screen is sharp, the touch screen is fast, the keyboard is great for writing.    The keyboard on my iPad  is not as good.  I am using an  Apple keyboard. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my wireless router.  It does a great job of keeping my internet connection up and running.   The device has a built-in firewall, but if you have the option to install a more advanced firewall, I would highly recommend it.  Also, I highly recommend using the latest version of Firefox. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:................................................... The Xone Mini is a great product. I am very satisfied with this product. The battery life is very good. The screen is very clear. The sound quality is good. It is compact. It can charge while sitting at a desk. The only thing I would like to see improved is a little more space between the buttons. Other than that, I am really satisfied with the Xone mini.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've been using my GX7 for two months now and it has been awesome! It's fast and works perfectly! I've been working out at the gym and when I get home I can get to work on my computer. I just bought a pair of earphones to replace my old one but these are better in every way. I highly recommend this product!  Have a question about this review?  If you have a question concerning this product, please contact our customer service at 1-888-547-4777.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This product is exactly what I was looking for. I was worried that it might be too expensive, but this is the cheapest of the bunch I have. The build quality is great and it comes with everything I need. I have no complaints about this product at all!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned a few over the years and the latest one is my favourite so far ive just installed it on my new mac and its awesome ive had it for a week and ive already got to playing with it and  have only used it for two hours or so but i cant get enough of it its awesome  if you dont mind you might have to wait a bit  the only issue i have is the USB connector isnt very wide but thats only a minor issue because i love the sound quality  the best thing is its so cheap  i have been looking for a good portable sound system for ages but had no idea what to buy until i came across this one  and   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    - The best battery charger ever!   I have used several battery chargers but none has worked well enough to get me through a full day of use. My old charger would only last a few hours and then have to be replaced, then it was gone. My new one is more reliable and will not die on me when I need to charge a few batteries, even if I only have a few.   (It's not the best, but I would buy it again.)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a big improvement over my old desktop monitor. The brightness of the screen is great, and the picture is crisp and clear. It has the features I need, and is easy to set up. It also supports a lot of different monitors. I use my computer with the two separate screens on it, and I'm sure I'll use this monitor as well in the future. I don't use the included stand much because I'm not much of a desk-bound guy. Overall, I highly recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Kj from Great Picture I am using this monitor on my gaming rig, and it's just a great display. It can be hard to get the screen to lay flat, but once it does, it looks fantastic. , and on my main PC is much better than my old one. The picture is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new monitor.  in my opinion the best monitor. It's also the best value.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The R2 is one of my favorite controllers because of its simplicity and the amount of fun I can have with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use this to record my drumming and guitar work, as well as to watch TV. It does what it is suppose to do: it's compact and small. It has a good range of sound. I'm not sure why the remote control doesn't have an on/off button... the buttons on the remote are all on the same side, so it's hard to tell if you have it on or off when you turn the thing on and off. I use it to record songs at home, and it does a good job. It doesn't come with any sort of remote control, so I have to find a way to use it, and I can't figure out how to set it up to record when I'm at home. I was considering getting a better mic, but then I remembered the $5 remote... So for the money, it's not bad.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s plus iphones iphons iphoneyes iphonestrunes iphon3 iphonewhile the screen is quite small for a 7" screen, the quality is great for the price. iphonerideration iphonet iphogeek iphongel iphonel iphobox iphobyne iphopodcast iphour iphony iphor iphos iphoss iphoth iphont iphormax iphotop iphous iphunter iphyse iPAD iphoom iphx iphz iPad 3 iPod touch 6th generation iphonedevice iphydevice ipads ipadplus iphiles iphors iphorecord iphrom iphrontip iphrew iphys iptable iptemulator ipjup iphp iphpsd iphscanner ipsd ipset ipsk8 ipsx iptr iptuplock itunes itsunes itunbox itube jb2 jcsd2 jcx2 jjr jpeg2 jpg jpegs jpegs jpsd jpg jpeg jpeg jpgs jpgv jpejt jpgvis jpgx jpsjt jpg2 jpgm jpg3 jpgt jpfd jpg4 jpg4a jpg5 jpg8 jpgd jpk3 jpjt kd2 kd4 kd5 kd6 kd7 kd8 kd9 kdac kdacc kdam kdca kdcc kdcp kdcs kdgk kdgn kdgp kdgs kdhk kdit kdid kdit kdml kdms kdns kdno kdpt kdps kdpx kdpy kdrc kdrt kdro kdst kdts kduc kduu kdvv kdw2 kf2kf2 kfm2kfm kfo kfpg kfpx kfmk f2k fpg kfr kfrb kfrbr kfrbt kfrca k
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got this as a present for my father and he loves it. It's been on for several years and it still works perfectly.   My only problem is the way that the batteries are connected to the battery cover. It is not easy to connect and disconnect them. The connection is not even tight and it is a pain in the butt to get the batteries out.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I got this device to listen to music while I was doing work on the computer. It has the features you need and it's really good quality. I've used it for about a week now and it has been perfect. I was skeptical about buying a computer, but this is way better than the laptop I was using before. The USB ports are a big plus as I've got an external hard drive. I also love the software that comes with it. I can open up multiple windows on my computer, and use my laptop as a wireless keyboard and mouse for me and my son. Thanks to B&H I was able to get this device for a good price. I would definitely recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Merv from Excellent Product I've been using a Mac mini for years and it never seems to keep up with my needs, so I decided to try a new computer. This is the best computer I've ever had. The built in speakers are awesome, the power supply is a good size, the screen is good and has the right resolution for my needs. I am very happy with the purchase and recommend it to anyone that needs a computer for music production or just wants a little more than what a laptop offers. .  for a computer that is more than good enough for what I needed it for. I have not had to worry about the computer failing or something like that. The build quality is very good, the quality of the computer is what I expect from B&h. This computer is also very quiet and very power efficient. I love it and I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the keyboard and I'm looking forward to buying the bluetooth speaker. Read a negative review about an electronic device :  What's the difference between a battery and a charger.  And why does it matter.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The quality of the product is excellent. I have an epson inkjet printer that runs the ink really well. The epson also has a very quiet printer. It's easy to use and it runs well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this every day and I have been using this for a few years now.  It is easy to set up and is very easy to use.    This is a great electronic device, I use it daily and love it.  It works very well and I highly recommend it to anyone. Product Review: Purchased this item to replace an older one.  This product is the same as the previous one, except the cable has been improved and is much longer.  The sound quality is also improved.  Overall, I love this product and will buy again.  Product Rating: 5 out of 5 This product is amazing.  I can not imagine not having it.   It allows me to hear the audio and music even if I'm at the office.  My wife and I like to play music on our computer and this allows us to.   I recommend this product to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This device is a very good addition to my kit. I'm looking forward to using it a lot! I've always liked the idea of a digital watch, but the lack of real analog to work with made me hesitant to buy one. Well, I'm not a tech geek, but I do have a decent background in electrical engineering and was able to figure out how to get this device working. This thing is great. It's the closest thing to a real analog timepiece I've seen that has a digital display on it. I haven't been using it much yet, but so far it's been great. I've been able to do my time and date work on my phone, and it's super convenient. I bought the black version, but they have a white model. The black model is the exact same, but with black faces.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony VCR is a very simple, well-made unit. I bought this to replace my old, outdated (and now useless) digital video tape recorder. The VCR works great, even though it only has a 10 foot cable. It's nice to have an option to record to tape rather than a video cassette. The video quality is much better than my old unit. The only problem I have with the unit is that the tape machine is a little small, so you have to be a bit careful while pulling it out. That being said, it's a good product and I recommend it to any VCR owner.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- This is the best digital clock I have ever used. The design is great and it looks great on my desk. I use it to set alarms. I was very impressed with the battery life. I have my alarm set to 5:00 am and I use this clock to keep my alarm going and the battery is still going strong. I would recommend this clock for anyone who wants to save some money and use a good digital clock.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good but could be better This is a good clock, but I have several other clock brands. The one I have is a little different than the others. The hands are different. The faces are different too. The other brands are not like this one. I like it a lot but I wish it had the same hands. I just hope they make one that works the same way.  (Rated 4.0 out of 4)  Review of a good timekeeper I have two of these, one is a night watchman (2.5 years) and the other a morning/afternoon watchman. I love the digital display. It is easy to read. I also like that it is small enough to store in the night watchmen's bag. I bought one in the spring of 2006. It has been very reliable. The only problem I have had is that the power button is in the wrong place. I had to go into the watchmen menu to change the battery and when I tried to put the new one in, it did not fit. I am very disappointed because I was so happy with the design and the quality of the watch. ,,,  I bought this clock because of the quality and features. I loved the size and the clock is great. I wish that they made it in the red/black. I could use it as a night light and also for the alarm clock. I think that it's a great clock that will last for a long time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This device is great for the price! The only problem I had was when it came in, I accidentally plugged it into a computer and it just kept resetting to a boot loop. I ended up having to do a hard reset on it which is really no big deal if you have to do it, but I'm not sure if I'd want to do that. Also, if I accidentally plug a computer into it while it's running, it just goes into a boot-loop again, which is pretty annoying. But all in all, it's a good device. I'm going to keep this one, but not for a year or more!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The device is perfect and is perfect as a phone. You can use it with your favorite phone (it's not a phone).   I bought the G-H7 after reading about the price of the G7. It's the perfect size, looks good and has a nice sound system (no problem with distortion on my LG V20)   Also the charger is so simple and the charger cable is very flexible.   It's a great device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great purchase. I bought this as a gift for a friend. I have never been one for digital watches and this one is really nice. I don't know why I waited so long to get a digital watch. This watch is nice and very simple.  I have a watch with an alarm that can go off when I leave a place or have to stop for something.    The one that I got is a little bit smaller and has a small screen but it's the same watch and the same features.  I don�t use it much but I like that it's a nice watch that doesn't look like a watch at all.  Posted by Eric S. at 7:11 AM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to listen to my wife and daughter sing and I am very pleased with the sound quality and the volume. I will be ordering more. Excellent, great sound! The sound quality is amazing! I was looking for a good high-end stereo for my home studio and this was the perfect choice. The quality is excellent and the quality is clear and clean. I'm very happy with my purchase!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:..........................................................  Excellent Product. I was very pleased to receive this as my first purchase from Digikey. The device is easy to use, and the prices are great.  I've been using this for about 3 weeks now, and I'm extremely pleased. The only complaint is that it does not have a volume adjustment switch. That is the only thing I would change, as it is quite a tight fit for the original volume knob. It is easy enough to pop off, and then re-attach, which I would recommend.  and I like it so much. It's simple, durable, and very quiet. ,, I think, the device is a great value. The price is very reasonable, and it's built like a tank. The software is easy, and works as it should. I'm using it in my audio lab, and can't tell the difference between this and the original, other than the volume control. I also think the volume knob is a little stiff for the purpose, and would prefer a switch. I would definitely recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. The quality of the sound is very good. The battery life is also very good and the device itself is easy to use.  Did you find this helpful? 24 of 26 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  James R.  (5 reviews) : This is my second DATrack and the first is in my living room, where I can also monitor my favorite music. The second DAtrack is a bit larger, with better inputs and a larger display, but the sound quality is excellent. The volume and quality of sound is better than my old iPod. The only thing I wish is that it would have a battery that lasts longer, but it does. I have not had a problem with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I am very happy with the iMac iMac G5 Plus iMac Pro iMac. They all run great. I love that the i7 CPU can overclock. It is very easy to do, and does not cost an arm and a leg. The 4k is also nice. I also love that I can take pictures with the 13 megapixel iSight camera. I have been using the i5, and it is getting a little old for me. I am looking forward to upgrading to a Mac. The new iMacs are better and I have not seen the need for the 5th gen in the past. The only complaint I have is the hard drive. It just won't last. It will probably last 2 years. I like my Mac. I would buy a Mac again. The iMac is great, it is the best.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A Mac to be reckoned with! I have a lot of experience with Macs, and with most of them, I have always come back to my MacBook Pro. However, after reading some of the reviews about the G5 and the G6, I decided to get a new i5 based on all the great things that Apple had been touting about the iSage 5K iMac in particular. I was quite surprised by the fact that I have had this machine for less than a year, and I can already tell the difference. I've got the same hard drive as I had before, but this time, I'm going to be buying a 2 TB drive just so I can keep all of my photos and videos on the drive. And I have already started using the built-in Photos app to organize my photos. The build quality and the display are both excellent, and as a bonus, I can now plug in an external monitor so I don't have to rely on the built in screen for video. My only gripe is that I'm waiting for the 2nd generation of the i3 to come out (not to be confused with the 2-in-1 i3 and i5), which will be faster and have a better display. I'm looking forward very much to the new i3 as well as the Mac Pro (I think the i4 and i7 will be a big improvement over the i8), but that will be awhile off. So, as a quick recap, the iBook G5 has the same display and performance as the
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good, well made and elegant little box that works very well as a simple storage box for my digital camera and lenses. I use this for storing my DSLR's and lenses (Canon, Nikon, Olympus, etc.) and it is quite secure. The top part of the box is made from wood, but the bottom part is made of a hard plastic. The metal is not very durable and has a tendency to warp, but I have no complaints about this box. I am very pleased with my purchase!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------  This is an excellent product that works perfectly. The sound quality is wonderful, it's so good I just can't stand to use my old speakers any more. The fact that it's rechargeable makes it much more practical as well. I have the bluetooth one and this one is better. The bluetooth unit will probably last for years, but the unit I got from here is still charging! It's been running for about 6 hours now. I also recommend this product if you want to make a point about the need to be able to recharge batteries.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Very good value. I like the fact that you can turn it off without having to get it unplugged. Also, the battery lasts a long time, I have the 2 hour version and it still works great. The only problem I have with the unit is that there is no way to turn it on and off from the main panel of the unit. I am going to get the 6 hour version in the future and that will solve that problem. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this thing for about a month now and it works great. i use it to watch videos and listen to music and it is great. the only thing i don't like is the battery life but the good thing is the fact that it does charge. i've never had a problem with it not working.  Good product: i've used the sony mx9000 for about 6 months and it does the job. I also have a dt6200 and dt6000, both of which are great, but i use the sx9100 a lot more than i used the dt. I just bought the s4100, which seems to be a good price.    Did not buy it for the speakers: I got this for my wife. It's a great little speaker and she likes it a lot. It gets the job done. But, I bought the S4100 to replace it. I bought that to save on the cost of the speakers.   I think this product was worth the price: This is a great, well made, well built little speaker. I think it's very nice. The sound quality is amazing. It has great bass and really good treble. It is not quite as bright as the dts and dx6200 but I think that is due to the size of the speaker. The volume is perfect. The speakers have a very nice weight and a very well thought out design. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because of the size. But it does what it was designed to do.  , my daughter's love the mx series speakers. , my wife likes them a lot, too. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ I have had this phone for less than a year now and have not used it enough to really get an idea of its features. The phone is nice and easy to use and the screen is very bright and clear. The only complaint I have is that the battery seems to die a lot faster than I expected and the battery life is very poor. I have never had any other cell phone (or even laptop) die so fast. It takes about a week to replace the battery on the phone when it gets low. The other thing is that there is no way to make a call with this phone unless you are on the internet and you can't even send an SMS text. The voice dialer is a bit of a pain in the neck because of the fact that you can only dial 9 numbers at a time. This phone is not for everybody, but for those who are looking for a simple and inexpensive phone that can actually hold a conversation, this is it.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The best and most reliable charger I've had, in any format. It works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!!!!  It was a fun toy to play with. The remote is great to use. I used it to turn off the lights, and the lights come on in 2 seconds. The vibrations are not strong but strong enough to get you in the mood to use it. The battery lasts for hours, the vibration is strong enough. I'm happy with my purchase.  This toy is very well made and durable, the remote has a great feel to it and is a great addition. It has a small remote control that you can use to turn the lights off and turn off your music. The control is pretty good for a toy this size.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am not a heavy user but have a need to use my iphone iphd as a daily driver. This product is amazing. It's very portable and easy to use. The only thing I did not like was that it only holds a few apps but it will hold your phone, iphones, ipads, and ipads plus. It is very easy to plug in and is very compact. I have it on my belt or a laptop and it holds the phone very securely and can be removed quickly.   Overall, I am very pleased with the product and will be purchasing again!   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 1340  Reviewed: 2014-11-24 By:. Hunts. Family pet. Bryan T   Dogs. Hunts, IL.  a couple of the best features:   The battery life is excellent - about 6 months of normal use.  the size is great. The screen is nice and bright.   I don't have any other iphable device - I do use my phone, and this is the perfect size to hold in your hand for use with the phone.   The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it does not come with a case. I bought the case for a gift for my sister, but she will not use the case because the screen is a bit small. The other thing is the screen has a bit of a glare to it - but it isn't a huge deal.   the only negative about this product is the charging port is on the side of the unit. You need to stick your phone in there with the power plug. This could have been solved with a micro USB port.   a couple more things: the buttons are a little hard to press. Also, there is a little bit of light leak when it's off. Other than that, I would buy this again.   and the best thing about it is the price - it's really good value for the money!  -Bryan   This iphappy is a good choice for people who use their phone for a couple hours at a time but want the security and portability of a pocket sized device.  ....  Product Ratings: 5 Out of 5  1  2  3  4  5 Ratings:0  Comments:  Write a Review.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone6plus ive had this for about 2 weeks now it has been great. very simple and easy to use. great phone with all the bells and whistles ive ever needed in a phone. great camera too. and the speaker is loud! i got the iphones and it was the best choice ive made.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is an excellent little speaker. The sound is very clear and the bass is excellent. The volume can get loud if you turn the sound up. It is also very quiet. I used the volume knob on the back of the speaker to adjust the volume.   My only complaint is that the battery is easily lost if you leave it on the floor. I have one of these in a small office in my home and the batteries are pretty thin and easy to lose if you're not careful.  Noise is very good! I bought this because I want a loud speaker and this one does the job! I have a small studio in a bedroom so it was easy to install. The speakers are not too big and not too small. I'm happy with the purchase!  Awesome Product This is a great little portable speaker. It's small and portable so it can go anywhere you need it.  is great! This is an awesome little portable speakers. It works great. I was able to get it to work perfectly. I did have to trim the top so that it was a little smaller and less bulky than it was originally. I am very pleased with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my Sennheiser MKE 600! I had to go back to my old headphone set after getting the MKE 6.5. The 6.7 is much more comfortable to wear. I don't have to put my ears in the way to hear anything. The bass is better. The highs are just a little more prominent. The mids and highs are the same. This is my favorite headphone set. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Sound, Good Comfort I have the 2.0 version and the comfort is much better, the sound is good but it is just not up to the old MKEs. But it does the job, and I still like it because of the comfort and sound.  Rated 5 out of five by Anonymous From Best Sound!!!! This is a great sounding headphone. I bought it for music and movies and it is good. I am an old man and still getting used to these things but I love them. I got a good price but I got it on sale. I love it and my son also likes it. I wish they made the older ones for younger people to listen to. I was really surprised by the quality of the sound. I expected to have a poor sounding set but this is a good set. I like that the cable is long enough to reach my ears. The sound is really good and the bass is deep and rich. The headphones are very comfortable, and they don't get hot at all. The only thing I would change is the cable length. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is that the sound was not as good as I had hoped. The set I bought was in the "old style" and was not the newer style. I was hoping the sound would be better but it wasn't. This is a very nice sounding pair of headphones. I recommend them to anyone that wants a good sounding set of headphones with excellent comfort.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this thing to replace my old Sony headset that was having problems. I was a little skeptical at first, but after a week or so of playing it, I really like it. The volume is very good for the price. I like that it has a mic so I can talk while playing the game. The one thing I didn't like was that it didn't have a built-in mic. But other than that, I'm happy.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I love my iphone 4S. I have it now for about a year and a half and I love it. It's been through so much and I'm still loving it. The only thing that really bugs me is the camera. I think it is overpriced but I still use it. I can't use it to take a picture if I don't have a picture of my girlfriend in my pocket and a picture in my head to get a good picture. It also doesn't work well in the rain. The other thing is the iphones screen. It is so small. It doesn't feel like a phone. It feels like a tablet that is on the bottom of a PC. I just don't get why the company didn't just make a larger version. I also wish there was a way to use it without a case. It does have a case so that's not a problem. It would be nice if the camera would work when in the case. I would still be happy with the phone but not as happy as I am with my ipod. I don`t know if the iPhone will last me a long time because the screen isn't the size of a regular phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "The more you can do the less you have to do."  - Bill Hicks
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the best electronic device I have ever used, its so small and light it takes up a lot of space and you cant even tell it is there until you look at it. The only problem is the batteries need replacing every year because they die after only a few months and you have to replace the entire system. It is also a pain to charge up and its a pain having to wait for the battery to charge because of the tiny amount of space in the device. The other thing is the size and weight of this device make it very difficult to hold and use, I'm only 5'4 and the device is so big you cant really hold it comfortably, and its also very heavy. I also have to hold the charger with one hand so I can use the other to move the device around, and I have to put the batteries on backwards to charge it. This device is definitely worth the money and I will definitely be buying another one of these in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first electronic device and I must say I'm very impressed. I had a previous iMac that was not very well built and this unit is built like a tank. It's just as fast as my iMac and I can now watch videos with ease. I am a bit nervous about the warranty, but it's not a big deal to me. I can't speak to other reviews but if you're in the market for a high-end computer with lots of storage, a good sound system, and a decent sized keyboard then you need to give this a look. I do think that there's a bit more room on the bottom and it has a lot of ports than a traditional desktop PC. It has a full-size HDMI output as well. It was an easy decision to make.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice sounding device. The volume is very high and very clear, but the bass is a bit too recessed to be good. The sound is also a bit muddy. I have a good stereo pair of Bose SoundLink headphones and this is just not quite as good. I would buy this again, but not the Bose.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I bought this to replace my old computer monitor and keyboard. It was a bit of a pain to get the new monitor to fit the old monitor. The old monitor was in a drawer, so I was worried about getting the new one to fit right. I just took a chance, and it works great! The keyboard is a little smaller than my old one, but I can use the keyboard at the same time. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to upgrade their computer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Monitor The monitor is very good and very nice to look at. I had to use the mouse and keyboard separately so that I could use the monitor and still have the keyboard connected to the keyboard. Once I was done I found that my computer was not too loud and my ears were not ringing from the sound. The color was perfect and the picture quality was great. The monitor does have a problem if you want to use it with the mouse or keyboard attached to it, and you have to disconnect the mouse to use that with the keyboard, but other than that the monitor is great.  the monitor itself is a good quality and works well.  that the screen is so bright, it's very hard to see the pixels, and the quality is very high. if I were to buy this monitor again, I'd probably just get the larger one, because the smaller one was more comfortable for my eyes.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just purchased a wireless receiver for my iPhone. I love this product because it is very easy to use and is very reliable.  You don't need to buy a separate receiver when you use the one with this product.    If you need more than one, get the 4.0.  I highly recommend this product!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************* The iPod was the only iPod that could hold my music library with up to 50 songs, and that was enough for me. The only thing that is still missing is the ability to edit music. I would like to be able to change the tempo of my music and have it be able play back at the correct speed.  My opinion: ************* I bought this to replace my other iPod because I like to have the ability of keeping my music organized. This iPod is very well built and has a good build quality. The buttons are very easy to press and don't have any lag. The battery life is pretty good. I have used this for several months and have yet to find anything that I would change. The screen is a little smaller than the original, but it works just fine. I recommend this for anyone looking for a good quality iPod.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just bought a new wireless bluetooth speaker for my wife and it works well. She likes the sound and the control over the volume and it's easy to connect with her phone. I recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!This is the best e-cig I have ever bought, it has a long battery life, has a great design, and is very easy to use. I have tried a lot of electronic cigarettes and this is the only one that works well with my hand, i use this one all the time. The battery life is great too, I got this for a birthday gift, it is the first time I bought an electronic cigarette for my husband, and we were very pleased with this one! Highly recommended.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!This was my first experience with a Vibrating Dildo and I have to say I am very pleased. I've been searching for a vibrating dildo for some time and after having to go without for about 3 years I finally decided to try a vibrator and I got it! I like the design, it has an insertable length and girth, and I love the way the vibration goes through my clit. I love that I can use it without the use of lube. The only thing I didn't like about it was the packaging. The vibrator is shipped in a bubble wrapped plastic bag. This is a very small toy so it would be nice if the packaging was more sturdy. If the packaging is good and sturdy it would last for ages, but I'm still happy with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for a new phone for a few weeks now and this phone is everything I was looking for. I am very impressed with the quality of the device and the customer service. i am happy to say that i am about to order a new one from a different company for my other phone. i recommend the service to anyone and everyone.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Posted By:1 people found this review useful
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought a   i i i     Great little amp, well built, has a great tone. Very happy with it. It's great for the price, it's a great sounding amp. The tone is very good, the only thing i would change is the tone knobs on the back. I'd like to have them in white and gold. If you can get it in a white it will be even better, I'll buy another one soon.  The amp is perfect. I've had a lot of problems with other amps. This one seems to have the same problems. The one negative thing i have to say about it is the fact that the volume knob does not work as it should. The other positive things i have about the amp is the sound and that it does not make my ears hurt. I don't use it on a regular basis because the noise level is very high but it is a great guitar amp.  I bought this amp because I wanted to get into a small, but very high quality guitar amp for under $50. I had looked at other products, but none of them seemed to fit my needs. This is an excellent value for the money, especially for what you get. The amp is very easy to operate. I'm very pleased with it!  I've had this amp for about a month and it is just as advertised, great sound for the value. I do wish it came with a volume knob like other units but other than that it's perfect for my needs and looks good as well. The only negative is the battery life. ,  Just bought a different i i I got it about a year ago, it was great. The sound was great, just a little low. Bought another a year later, same problem. Bought a different one about a week ago. It is even more disappointing. Sound is horrible, amp barely runs. I bought the same exact model and the sound is horrible as well, I was using my old one for over 2 years now and it's gone in a month. I am not sure if I'm getting the same amp, but it's really bad.  to bad. I have to get another one, and it will take some work. ..  My review: I have had this Amp for about 2 months now, I've tried other amps and the sounds are always the same, it just doesn't get that great tone I
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two. The second one is more for those that need the volume and the features of the first one but not the price. The sound is great! It's not as crisp as my sound blaster but it's a great upgrade. I use it with my home theater setup and it really does the job. Great price too.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gizmo G from Excellent Audio I purchased the Sound Blaster Recon to replace my old stereo sound blaster. The sounds are much better. The volume is nice and loud. The controls are very easy to use. I would recommend this product to anyone that has a sound system.  the volume controls are great but the audio input is a bit out of whack. The audio on my unit is only half full, which I was expecting since I bought it as a replacement. This is due to the fact that I'm using a 3.5mm input. I bought the USB input to have some flexibility with my sound. However, even though the sound is better than my old unit, I still would recommend the USB cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really like the quality of the screen and the sound quality. I'm not a computer person, but I do love playing video games. I was pleasantly surprised that I could play games on my iPad and I can actually connect my game consoles and PC. It works well and is a good quality device for the price. I also like the fact that it can play video games and movies.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was just talking to a friend who bought a iphone 4. He loved it and wanted to upgrade to the iphones 5. I have no complaints about the ike. The ike is very similar to the 4 but it has an upgraded design. The 4 does not come with a case so you have to buy one if you want one. It is the same price as the ize.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really like the keyboard, the size is good for a laptop and the touch pad is good. Write a negative review about an inferior electronic device (or any device for that matter):  This is a very cool and pretty laptop. I wish the touchpad would have been a little more responsive and the keyboard was a bit better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this device for about 2 weeks now.  It works like a charm.    The best part is it does not interfere with your phone calls or use battery as a charger.  This is the best device I have ever purchased.  It is easy to use and has no interference with my cell phone.  The only problem I have had is that my iPhone has lost some battery life but it still works fine.  I would highly recommend this device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! This is a very well made device with a decent battery. I have it for over 2 years now and it is still going strong and has not let me down. I also love the way it looks and feels in my hand.  Rated 4 out of 5 by K.S. from Good Product, not great quality I am using this product for a very low cost. The sound quality is OK, but I am not a fan of the way the light shines. The screen is too bright and it has a weird greenish tint to it. I like the built in speakers but not the light. Also, the buttons are on the back of the device.  is a great product. The light is a nice feature as well. The only thing I dislike is the built-in speakers. I feel they are too weak to be good for playing music. The battery is pretty good but the light is really bright.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great product. I have been using the new version for about 3 months now and it is great.   It is easy to install, easy to use and the sound is great!   I have bought the iRig as well as several other products from Audio-Technica. They all work great. I would definitely buy from them again.  :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ ___________ _____________ _______________ ____________ ________ ______________ _________ | | |. | | `|` `. `-.. `-..- `-...- -... `- ` `-...` `-. `- -.. `-..` | |'` `-. `-.... `. | ` ` `-' `-.... `- | |..| | |- - -.-` - - - `- ---. `--.-` --- ---. | |. ` | | - ` |.` `-. | | ---.. | `--. |... `-.| |. | - -` `..` - `-. -.`.`---` | `-`..| `--. |. - ` `.`- `-- | |---` ` `.-` ` | -. -. | ________- - ________ -.-..-. `-`...-` |.-. - `. `---` -. ` `---. |`---' `-- `-. ---. ---. -.- -..--. `-.`- -.-..---.` `---'. `.- - `--- ---.-.. `.--.-` ________ _.-`-...-..-..- -.-. |- |.-..--.. `--.. -.---' ---.--.-. -. | _______- _______ | | ||.. -` | -..-. - -.--..-. `. -.-.-` |`-. `--- `-.- -`. -..--.. | |`-. | || | `-. || | || `-. ____ || |. ||. -| ||. `.. -| |`..|-.`-. | || ||. |. || |`--. ||.| || `..|| | ||| || -.|| || | |-. `--`.-._ `.. |...|. |`. `-. --` `-' -`-. -- `-.,|.--|.|-. `.-| `-.--'.| |.-|.-.`-.. |-..|`-._.-. |_.-| |-.-`-.|_.-.`-.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My wife has an old cell phone but a new one just came out so we bought this to replace it and now I don't have to carry a whole new phone around with me.   Great features, well worth the price and good support from the store.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My wife has had a Sony VAIO for about 7 years. The VAIO's are her favorite. It is the only one she has. It has been the only computer she uses. She is now going to buy a PC because the VAIO can run two programs at once, but the PC has better graphics and has a CD player. The new computer is the best one she's seen, but I'm glad she's sticking with the VAio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of gear and is very affordable. I like the built in audio out, but I'm not the biggest fan of the design. It's a lot larger than I'd like, but the controls are simple and easy to use. I wish they had a second headphone jack, but overall I'm very pleased with this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for a good quality electronic device that will allow me to work remotely without having to keep a keyboard in my lap to type. I like the way it has the option to use a tablet or keyboard and I really like the fact that I can use it to do homework on the plane. I can't imagine not having it for a while. I will definitely be getting another one for work.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from The Best I bought the keyboard so that I could take notes, play music, and have the ability to type on my computer. I bought it a couple of weeks ago and am very happy with it.  of the best keyboard I have used. it is small, light, comfortable, and is easy to use.  in a few years time, i will be using this keyboard daily and my family will have the best computer on the planet.  is a good, compact, light weight keyboard, has a nice weight to it, and a nice, crisp sound. i am a professional musician so this is the keyboard I always use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I purchased a Samsung Series 7 in late 2007 and it has held up for over a year. I've used it for everything from writing an article to watching a movie. I have one small issue though, and that is the battery life. It lasted about 2.5 hours and 15 minutes on one charge. When I go to use it, it goes dead again. I bought this one as a replacement because I am tired of having to change batteries for every electronic device I own. It does a good job and will work with most devices. I don't recommend this product, it's a waste of money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jim from Great Product at a Good Price I bought the s7 a couple of weeks ago, and I love it. I used it to write an article on battery life, and was able to do that on one battery with out it being dead. I had a problem with the second battery that lasted almost the whole time and the first one was dead when I got it. The second one was a bit faster to start up but not much, so I am a bit concerned about the longevity of this battery. I just bought a 3rd battery and I am wondering if I should buy a 2nd s7 or just use this one. I did some research and found that I could use a new battery for less money, so the only thing is that I really want to know how it lasts and how much I have to pay for the extra battery.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The AIO does everything that I wanted it to do. It's very easy to use, has a nice built in headphone amp and a good quality of sound. If I was a more audiophile I might not like the bass though, but it's good for a small portable. I have been looking for a decent portable amp to use with my laptop and I think that this is the one for me. The sound is very nice, very detailed and very natural. I'm a little confused as to how the battery life is so good, because I have been using my computer off and on with the battery in for the last week. The batteries are great, they last a very long time. I am very happy with this purchase and I will definitely be purchasing from this company again. Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am very happy with my new monitor! I have been using a laptop for a long time now. The screen quality is good but not top of the line, but it is good for the price. I bought it on a Tuesday and the box arrived by Thursday. Very happy with the quality and the price I paid for it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- This was a good purchase for a very good price. The item arrived within a week, but a week is a long time for a computer. I was worried about having to deal with UPS for delivery. When I opened it I was pleasantly surprised to see all the accessories in the box. It has a very large hard drive, two usb ports, ethernet, and an internal battery. I have only had it a week and I am very pleased. I can't say enough good things about the product. The only problem I have is that I had to use a usb cable for the computer. That may have been a mistake. The product was also not the same color as it was described.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using my kobo for a few years now and the screen has never cracked, never bent, always held up and the battery life is long enough to make me forget about the low quality i bought it for. It does not have as much memory as a macbook, but thats not really a complaint as the memory is good and there are a lot of free apps available for it.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________. My new MacBook Air is an excellent purchase. It is small, light, fast and very easy to use. The battery is a real plus, too, and I am happy that I got the 16GB model. I like that the charger has a USB cable so I can charge the device while I am on the road. It's also worth noting that Apple doesn't ship the power adapter with the laptop. _____________ _______________ Have you used a Mac? ______________ I'm still very happy with my new laptop. It works great and I'm happy that it comes with all the peripherals I need. I have a 3D printer and some other gadgets I would like to use, but the battery life is more than good enough for my needs. ______________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     The battery life is the most important thing for me. The size is perfect, I can carry a few extra batteries in my backpack.  I highly recommend the device, I love it. - Chris
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The only drawback is that there's not enough room for a decent cable and a microSD card, but that's easily fixed with the adapter.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a portable MP3 player to use with my portable player to play my MP3 files. I had heard a few good things about this product so I decided to try it out.  It is pretty solid and works fine.    It is very small, but it is quite powerful and very good for the price.  It plays almost all MP3 and some AIFF files as well.  My only complaint is the speakers, they sound a little tinny.  The speaker quality was very good and I was able to use the speaker while listening to my iPod or portable player.  I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this unit for a month now. i like the sound and the clarity, it's not as loud as my old set up but i like it. it has great battery life and is very easy to use. i highly recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the first product I bought from eharmony. I have to say, I was really surprised how well the music came out on this. The sound is amazing. The voice sounds natural, and the sound quality is very good. I was very impressed with the fact that I can purchase the song I want without having to find it first. I am a huge fan of the band The Killers. The song they recorded was "Mr Brightside." The song sounded so good on this device, I bought it as a Christmas present for my best friend. The only thing that could have made this better is that it was made in the USA!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first iota/sigma product. It was easy to set up and has been working flawlessly for a week. The price is a steal. If you're looking for a good portable unit that does the job, then get this one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Merv from Great product This is the best thing I have bought in a long time. I am very pleased with the product and the service provided by Sigma.  a little tricky to install, but if you know what you are doing it's not a problem.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned a couple of EMT's radios, and this is the first one I've ever been really impressed with. It's just great to have a good, reliable radio in your pocket, with an on-screen display. The sound is pretty good too, although not as good as some of the new radios out there.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I've had my Sennheiser PC-1 for a couple months now. I use it for gaming, music, and general listening. It's just good enough that I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good, but not amazing headphone. The only problem I have had is that the cable is not that flexible and gets in the way sometimes. Other than that, I really like this headphone. It sounds great and is extremely comfortable.  Style of Music: --------------- Well, this is a pretty nice looking headphone. I like that it looks like a typical, well built headphone. When I first opened it, I was not sure if it was going to be any good. I went through about 5 pairs before I realized it was made of a plastic that is kind of brittle, but if you use a rubber band, it's fine. I used a nice rubber band to keep the headband in place. This headphone is a bit larger than my previous headphones, and the cable can be hard to keep in place at times, but it works just fine. Overall, I would say this is better than my old Senns. I think it is just because my last headphones had a very small, stiff, plastic headband. But this one is a different story. The build quality is decent, but the headbands are not that comfortable. I would definitely recommend getting some sort of padding. Pairing: ------------- The cable has a 1/8" connector and a 1.5 meter cable, so I was pretty sure that this would work with any computer or mp3 player. The plug is a standard 1/4" plug, but I had no issues with the sound quality. The ear cup is removable and comes with a velour cloth. I did not try to insert the velour, but they seemed pretty comfortable. Overall I am happy with this pair, and I think that Senn would be able to sell them very easily. The velour is a nice touch.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the gpu for about 2 months now and ive not had any problems with it yet i can say that the fan that is used in the gti is really quiet. the gti is also quiet when i sit on my computer. i also like the fact that i can hook up my mouse to it and not worry about it jumping around while im typing. if you are looking for a new gpu this is a good one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great deal, it works well and it's well built, the price is right and the quality is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my second e-cigarette from the brand and I'm still blown away by the quality and functionality. My only complaint is the battery life. It lasts about a week before I have to buy a new one. But, as always with E-cigs, it is just the beginning.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a new computer to replace my aging Dell Inspiron. I found this computer on sale at Best Buy and the deal was too good to pass up. I was able to use it for about 4 months before it stopped working and I was looking at getting a new one. It was only $150 and the monitor worked fine. I also bought a mouse and keyboard to go with it. The computer was easy to use and it has more features than I thought it would have. Did you find this review helpful? Yes No
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S3 and had it for about a month now and I have to say I love it. The best thing about this device is the size of the screen. I'm a medium sized guy but the phone fits my hand. I also love the ability to have an unlimited number of apps to choose from. I have the Samsung Gear S2 and the S3 is way more comfortable. The only problem I have is the phone can't be charged overnight because the charging cradle doesn't close. It's a little annoying because you have to remove the cover from the cradle to charge. Other than that, this is the best phone I have had in a long time. I will continue to buy Samsung phones for sure.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for about two years now and i have to say its the best i have found in the market. the price is great and the quality of this item is the best. i can only use it when im at home. when i'm on the road i have the car charger so i dont have to worry about the charger. I have a iphone 4s so i can't say about the sound quality but i have a hifi receiver and i love it. the only problem i had was when i turned the radio on, it had a bad static. i dont know if this is a thing but i heard the static and thought it was something else, but i checked the audio out of the car and there is no static. so if that's a thing then i havent found a good solution yet. overall i recommend this product, good product  Rated 5 out of 5 by RK from A very nice and quiet car stereo This is a very nice car stereo. I like that the amp is in the bottom of the unit and not on the front of the stereo like some people have complained. This is the first stereo I've ever owned and it's been great so far. I can't really comment on the sound though since I've never listened to it through the car. It's the only thing that's going to be playing at all times in the car so I have to admit I don't really listen to it a lot.  Customer Testimonials
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    If you like this item then you might like my other stuff:   I love the sound of my Sonos Playbar but can't stand the way it always makes a loud clatter sound when I play my laptop. The new Sonos 2 does not make a noise like that. It also has no problem switching tracks on my laptop which is very important to me.   A lot of people are getting this and thinking they'll get it to replace the sound bar they already have but I'm not so sure. The sound bar I have is in the middle of the floor so it is hard to get a good position for it. This Sonos isn't as good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had this for a few months now, and I love it. The battery life is great. It is very easy to use. It's not a "big" computer, but it's very good. It will not replace my desktop, but will work well on a laptop.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! It works like a charm. The batteries are replaceable and the sound quality is great. I love it. Thank you!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using a samsung galaxy s2 for about a month now. It is the best phone i have ever owned. ive tried so many iphone, ipad, iphones, ipods and tablets. its soooooo much better than all of them. it is smooth and it feels like a real phone. iphony and iphon are the best apps to listen to music. if you like the android but like the real feel and touch of a real device then this is for you. this phone will be the last one you buy!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 mini, which has a great screen, great camera and a battery that lasts almost a day, plus the ability to charge the phone from a USB port on the side of the laptop. The touch pad is also very good, especially for a touchscreen. I've only had it for a week so far, but it has already been upgraded several times. I'm sure that the quality will improve with time. This is the best touch pad I've ever had, and I've used lots of touchscreen laptops.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this unit after I had to replace my old wireless microphone on my laptop, and I was very pleased with the unit. I have to say I am a huge fan of the sound quality and that the unit is easy to use. I am very happy with this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for a good audio amplifier that would give me the best sound, at the best price, since i first got a sennheiser hd800, this is it. It wasnt a pain to find this unit, the reviews are really good, if you dont have a sony system, this may be worth the money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This is the best sounding amp I have ever owned. I bought it for my car stereo system. It is awesome! I can play my iPod, iPhone and my mp3's all at the same time. My only complaints is that the cable needs to be a little thicker, but that is just a personal thing I have to do with any cable I buy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used a few of these and they are a good buy and have worked very well for my needs.  Good product, poor instructions: This is the first time i used this item, and I am very happy with the purchase. I am a new user and I had a problem that I had to call support to get them to troubleshoot. They were very helpful and fixed the problem within a few minutes. They also sent a new battery. This is a great product, but the instructions were not very clear, and there were a couple of other errors on the device. This will be my second one. - A little over the top- for the money it's a good product and the customer service is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Very nice, but if you are thinking of getting one just for the audio, don't. I am a music enthusiast and was very excited about this device. I have a Sennheiser MKE 600 with a 3-pin XLR plug and I was so excited to find out that it also had a headphone jack. I didn't realize that the jack was permanently attached to the cable and the connector on the other end of the cable is not a standard 3-conductor. I've been very disappointed in this, since the MKE 6x6 is a much better device for audio than the MEElectronics 3-Conductor Cable. I haven't had any problems with the audio quality. I don't use it much, but it works great for the simple things like watching DVDs or playing a game. I highly recommend this device, but I think the audio jack on the cable was made for a different purpose. I'm still very pleased with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The S2 is a very nice portable speaker. The sound is clear and very natural. There's an equalizer and EQ for each speaker. It's a bit loud, but it's very much like using a real speaker.  It's also very easy to use, just plug it into your computer or whatever and you're ready to go. The battery life is good, but the device is only about an hour.  My son was excited to get the S2, and it is definitely a step up from his old laptop.  The sound quality is definitely worth the price tag.   Rated 5 out of 5 by TheGentleman from The best speaker I've ever owned.  I bought this speaker to replace my old one that broke in the middle of a tour. I was so disappointed with my old speaker that I went back to the store and bought the S3. I am so glad I did. The S3 is a wonderful speaker. I listen to classical and jazz music, and the sound is very accurate and full. The only problem I have is that I wish they had included a 3.5mm to 5.25mm cable for the XLR output, but that's a minor inconvenience. I highly recommend this speaker. Rated 4 out of the 5 by Anonymous from Good sound for the money I really like the sound quality of this speaker, but I am disappointed that the bass is not as deep as I'd like. My old speaker had better bass. I also think the design is a bit different than I would like.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my old one because it worked great for my needs and was cheap. It is very easy to use, just plug in your cable and it's done.  You can easily charge the device with a car battery or an external charger. I like the fact that it's rechargeable and can be used with a variety of devices.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this a while ago, and I really like it. I bought it in case of an emergency. I've got a lot of the same electronic stuff, but this one is smaller and more powerful than the ones I have. It also works a lot better than my other electronic stuff. It has a lot more memory capacity, and if you don't use the battery all the time, you can get a lot out of it. It's really convenient for the size, and it's nice that you can use it with other devices. Overall, I like this one a lot. It is a great value. I have a few of them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased this monitor for use as a video display monitor. I was impressed with the color and contrast of the screen and the screen brightness. It works fine for my needs and is nice to look at. I am very pleased with the purchase and would recommend it to others.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I bought a Koss Portapro on the recommendation of a good friend and I can tell you that it is worth every penny. I have had my Portapr for about a week and it is working flawlessly. It is a fantastic sound device for the price. If you're looking for a good portable speaker with good sound quality, you have found it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ This is a really good little toy! The vibrations are powerful and the soft texture of the silicone makes it a great choice for anal play. My only complaint is that the batteries are hard to find. It is so nice to be able to recharge the batteries with the included USB cable. Overall I recommend this product and I will be buying more.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The  Echo Dot is a great addition to the Echo line and I've had it for two weeks now. It's small, but powerful, and has a decent volume. The only complaint is that the buttons are hard to press. You'll have to keep your hand in your pocket or keep a finger on the top to push the buttons. Overall, it's a nice little device and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a solid, no-fuss device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The T-500 is an excellent and very portable headphone amplifier. The sound quality is great, especially for the price. The amp does not have a headphone output, but does have a 2 x 2 input, which I use with my portable player. The input is very convenient, especially with a player that has no headphone output. I am very pleased with the T-series amplifier.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's been almost two years since i purchased this device and i can honestly say that the quality of the device has increased tremendously.   I purchased the AVR-1000 and had no problems in the delivery and delivery of the product. I also was very pleased with the service from the UK and am glad I purchased it.   a great device that is very easy to use and looks great in the bathroom.   in my opinion the AVP-1000 is one of the best devices available in its price range.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I use it for making music and video, and it is great for both. I am using it with my laptop as a music/video player, but I also use it as a controller to play games. I can't believe that I have been looking for something like this for so long. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little apprehensive when I decided to get this unit as I've heard the "noise" in my other e-cigarette's but the noise is just a lot less annoying. It's nice to have a nice, quiet vape! The tank has a built in light and a nice cover, as well as a built-in button. I love the fact that the tank has the ability to hold a full tank of e-liquid. The e-juice is delicious. I use my RDA's to replace my tank for my mod so that I can get my e-cig juice straight to my atomizer. I've gotten so much use out of this tank, I plan on purchasing a second one to use as a backup tank. The best mod out there. I have owned about 10 different ecig mods and none of them compare to this one. It is simple, elegant and just so much better than anything else out there (or at least my opinion). I love how you can turn the battery off and the battery is easily removable. I'm not a fan of how it looks but its very functional and I love it. The airflow is great and I just love how I can use the tank with my RTA. It has a lot of options to adjust the power but I prefer it more when the power is adjustable. The battery life is awesome and I haven't run out of juice yet. It also looks nice. Great mod, very smooth, easy to use. I bought this mod about 3 months ago. I really like the battery life. It lasts a long time and I have no problems using it on low power. The only thing I wish it had is the ability for the power to be adjusted. The screen is too small for my tastes. I wish you would make a larger version of this mod for the 18650. The 18650 batteries are the best ones out there and the 18350s are pretty close as well. I like the RDA and the RTA, but this mod just does not have the battery capacity I need for the RTRT. I also wish it were made out of stainless steel. The RDA is really nice and the tank is really great but I think stainless steel would be a lot more durable and look nicer. I will keep using this mod and it will be a good starter mod. Nice Mod. I got this about a month ago. The tank is very nice and it
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It is a great computer, and is very portable and easy to use.   The sound quality is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second time I have purchased this product, and it has proved itself as a quality device for my needs. The sound is great and the screen is great for reading and viewing pictures. The device is also fairly sturdy, but if you drop it, it will fall out. I am happy with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This product is very nice. I used it for a month, and I think it is a great product. I was amazed how good the quality of this thing is. The batteries work good and it is very easy to set up. I am not a fan of the micro usb cable, but that is just because of how I use this product. ********  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have the bluetooth one and it works great! I've been wanting to get one of these for a long time now and finally got it! The bluetooth is really great as far as communication. You can talk to people on the other end and not be worried about the device getting lost. I have had it for about 2 months and so far so good. The one thing I did was go ahead and get the "blue" option. The blue one is more colorful than the normal one. If I was going to buy another one, I would get the blue one. I would recommend getting this device!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The sound is amazing. The screen is a lot smaller than it's bigger brother but the sound is much better and it comes with a usb cable. I'm very happy with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to listen to music. --------------- I got this for my girlfriend, it's pretty small but the battery life is a good thing, it lasts for a good amount of time. -------------- The sound quality is really good and the sound effects are very good. I think it is pretty nice to have a few different types of music for your gaming sessions.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "If you don't need it, you don' t deserve it. If you don" t want it, it just ain't gonna happen"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this for a friend who doesn't like to carry a phone. The battery lasts about a day, and the price is great. It's lightweight and easy to carry around.  Best Value I have purchased a lot of different chargers from different manufacturers, this is my favorite. It comes with two AAA batteries and a car adapter so you can charge a phone and a tablet simultaneously. The charger has a large display and is easy to read. It does what it is supposed to do. If you are looking for a charger that can do a lot, this should be your first choice.  I have only had the device for a few days but so far it has worked as expected. I like the fact that the charger has an extra car adapter to charge a tablet and a phone at the same time.  a very good charger.  and the best thing is the free USB to mains cable  Excellent product for the price Great price and very good product for those that want to charge 2 phones at the one time. Very easy to use. Will be purchasing another in the near future. 's the best charger out there. I have 2 of these now. The best value for money!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best iphone iphones iphonestays iphonodays ips ipsniffer ipsmote ipsocket ipson ipsprout ipscrouter iphonet iphonewt iphonenote iphoner iphover iphorm iphonelink iphorpg iphorn iphort iphork iphos iphost iphowt ipod iphour iphowl iphoth iphom iphose iphome iphony iphorecord iphreplay ipowtit iphot ipht ipset ipsis ipsize ipskip ipsod ipsoflash ipsor ipsop ipsou ipsort ipsum ipsymb ipsym ipsz ixtz ism ixtp ismr ismt ismust isp iphg iphleb iphll iphm iphmm iphmsr iphn iphnn iphnum iphnsr ipp ippn ippot ipps ipm ipn ips2 ips3 ips4 ips5 ips6 ips7 ips8 ips9 ips10 ips11 ips12 ips13 ips14 ips15 ips16 ips17 ips18 ips19 ips20 ips21 ips22 ips23 ips24 ips25 ips26 ips27 ips28 ips29 ips30 ips31 ips32 ips33 ips34 ips35 ips36 ips37 ips38 ips39 ips40 ips41 ips42 ips43 ips44 ips45 ips46 ips47 ips48 ips49 ips50 ips51 ips52 ips53 ips54 ips55 ips56 ips57 ips58 ips59 ips60 ips61 ips62 ips63 ips64 ips65 ips66 ips67 ips68 ips69 ips70 ips71 ips72 ips73 ips74 ips75 ips76 ips77 ips78 ips79 ips80 ips81 ips82 ips83 ips84 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had a few of these. i had a friend who was going to buy one, but didnt really care. he gave me his and i had to look up how to adjust the controls and things like that. the sound is ok. i like it. i have a hd radio that sounds much better than these. this unit is good. but its not the best.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Rachael from Great sound I bought this device to use on my tv's for the tv. The sound is nice, the only issue is that when you press the volume up button the sound goes out. It takes a little getting used to to get the volume correct. The controls work fine and the volume control is just right. I recommend the purchase. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  I bought the Sony Z1 to replace my aging Sony X100, and I'm very happy with it. I'm using it mainly for my daily pictures, but I'm also a videographer, and the Z1 makes my job a lot easier. The camera has a solid build quality, and it's super fast and has great video quality. The built-in mic on the camera is also a plus! I haven't seen a better camera for the price point. I'll be keeping this camera for a while, especially for my videography needs.  The battery life is great, too. It'll last you an entire day and then some, even on 1080p. I've been able to keep shooting on it all day and it never runs out of juice. I recommend this to anyone who has an older Sony camera. I also recommend the included charger, which comes with a nice rubber sleeve to help prevent accidental damage. It's a great addition to the kit.  The camera is very good. I used it a lot while traveling and it was working perfectly. It is well built and easy to use. I love the built--in audio. The only thing that would have been better would be a USB port.  the camera, i would recommend to anyone looking for a good camera for their money. I use it on a daily basis and it has a great built in mic and nice video quality and very good battery life. The build quality is very nice as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My main issue with the Pico-Duo is the low quality of the screen. I've had several Pico units and each one has been in perfect working order. However, this one is completely fried, it's not just a few pixels but the whole screen is fried. If you are looking for a small compact computer with an excellent display, then I don't see why you wouldn't buy this. However if you have a very high end system, I don' t think you should be using this.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device for about a month and it works as advertised. I use it at work and the speakers are very clear. It works well and is a good value. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to be heard.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Dan R.  The only way to go.  in a home office. .  of a home. "  Reviewed by:from North Carolina. on 10/25/2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  1/4/12- This is the first of my "E-Vacs" i bought. It is so good, I ordered another one, this time a 6 channel model.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an Apple iPad mini 2.  After a few years of use, I was not happy with the quality of the display and was looking for a new one.    The price was right, and I got it on the internet and I'm glad I did.  My only complaints are the battery life and the touch pad. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The battery life on this device is very good. I have the 32GB model and it still has around 3 to 4 hours of use. The design is also great. I don't want to say it looks like an Apple product, but it does have the same style and feel.  Write a negative review about an average electronic device, but don't get mad: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. The batteries do not last for long but that is because of the battery capacity of the device. I can use the device for 2 to 3 weeks on a full charge. Good price for the good product:      I purchased the battery to charge my phone but I use the flashlight as a flashlight for the first aid kit, and it works fine. I also use it to keep me warm while camping. The only reason I gave 4 stars:      I am going to keep this light as a backup to my other flashlight so that I can see my neighbors and friends in the dark. I will purchase a second battery for this light. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! It is the best i have ever used for a computer. I can do all the things i do on a macbook pro without it not working.!!!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a great product and I highly recommend it. I used the iMac with my Samsung Galaxy S3, which is a fantastic phone but the S3 would not be able to handle the screen on this laptop. It's a beautiful machine. I have a Samsung and it's always been the same: it doesn't have the power of the big name brands. This laptop is great, not as large as my previous iMac, but it's a great laptop. I bought this one to replace a very old iMac that just didn't work anymore, but this new one works great. It doesn't seem to be very heavy, but you will need to keep it plugged in at all times to use it. It also has a good keyboard. It just seems to be a great machine.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using my pc for years and the pc is not a computer, it's a tv. This tv is a must have for a new tv or a used tv. It is well built and is a joy to use. The video is smooth and clear, and the sound is just right. I was skeptical at first about buying a tv at this price point, but I've had this tv for almost a year and its still in good shape. I think that this tv is worth the price. It's also nice that you can watch video on your phone and listen to music on the tv. I've been looking for a good, reliable and inexpensive tv, and this one is a good choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for a few months now and it works great. It does the job it is supposed to do and the price is good.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 23, 2011  Great value, good sound quality, easy to use.  a must have  by John from Tarpon Springs FL USA  Pros: Very easy to set up, works well  Cons: None that I can think of  Review: I was very excited to get this, because I am very picky with my music player. I love the sound quality of this player. It can do more than one thing.  is a great little player, just have to get used to how it controls the volume.  "it's a great thing you got here" I always say.  the controls are all easy to understand and the volume is great  The only con is it takes a bit to get the batteries charged. I have used this product a couple of times now and the battery has died a few times so that's a problem, but it's still a good product, worth the money. .    Was This Review Helpful.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great soundcard and I can't thank you enough for it. I have used the soundcard in a couple of computers I own and I have never had any problems with it.  It is a little pricey but I like the fact that it is an external soundcard.   Did you find this helpful? 6 of 6 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Seth W.  5  Reviewed by:from Philadelphia. on 2/13/2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great device, but has a few things going for it that might be missed by some. I have an iPad 4 that is getting close to the end of its life. I use the Apple Remote app a lot to control my home theater setup. My iPad has a touch screen and the remote is very handy to use. I also have an Apple TV, which is not a great experience. I prefer to use the remote app because it's easier to use, and the interface is simple. However, the touch screen is a pain in the butt to use on a television, and I'm not a big fan of the remote on the Apple TV.   The Apple Watch is also very handy and a nice way to control some of my other devices. I'm using it as a second monitor on my desk and use the smart features of the Apple Watch. I was hoping that the Apple AirPods would be able to pair to my Apple Watch, but it seems that it can't. If it can pair to the Apple Music service, I will be very happy. I think that Apple needs to focus on making their products easier to work with.   a bit of a bummer is that the watch is very limited when it comes to being a full smartwatch. The watch can not be paired to an iPhone and only has a small amount of connectivity. It's also very limited in its application. For example, it can not control a computer. You have to download the AirPod app for that. There is also no way to use Siri or any other smart features. That said, the watch has many benefits that are worth buying.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  Worth every penny  Excellent Product   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ I have been using my new Dell Optiplex GX700, and I can tell you that it is awesome. I have an old HP printer that I've used since the 80s, but it is starting to show its age. The Dell Optiix is much better than the old printer. It works as well, if not better than my old printer (HP LaserJet) It is quieter than the printer I had before (I think the fan on the old one was pretty noisy). The LCD screen is great, very bright. The battery life is great as well. I like that I can connect to the internet and print from my mobile phone. The only negative thing I can say about it is that it takes a while to get the screen to display what you are looking at, but after that it works great. I recommend this device to everyone that uses their printer.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  Robert C.  as of Feb 2012: excellent. very good product and service. :):):): ):):):)):):)))):)::)): ):)):)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is superb, the built in microphone is very nice, and the unit is very portable.  It's a bit of a pain to carry around, but it's worth it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great, very easy to use.  I like how I can have multiple accounts.    I have tried many different remote controllers and this one is very easy and user friendly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************** This is the first time i've bought anything from here and its been good so far. I bought this unit as i needed a new TV. I've been wanting a new plasma tv since i got a HDTV 2 years ago. I also wanted to upgrade my sound system. This unit is just what i needed. It's bright, easy to set up and easy to use. I'm a little bit disappointed in the remote, i like it more than the old one i had. The only thing that I'd change is the battery life is not that great. You will probably only have it for a few months. Overall i'm satisfied with the purchase and would buy it again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is my first experience with the new version of the Sony. I have had many a digital player and I have to say, I love it. It's a great way to get the Sony sound with the digital player. The sound is clear, the volume is amazing and the screen is amazing. The interface has a lot of good options and I love that the remote has a volume control. The new remote is pretty easy to use and the software is simple to use. I am a big fan of the sound of the original model. The controls are great and the sound quality is amazing! Overall a great product, great price and great features.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only thing I have ever bought and used, I use it with my i7 cpu and a GTX 660ti. I am very impressed with it. The audio is amazing and the battery lasts for a long time. I also use the mic with my iphone and the quality is amazing. I will buy this again. This is one of the best purchases I have made in years.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________. It's nice to see that they are still making a good computer. I had been looking for a decent computer for quite some time, and was hesitant to spend a lot of money on something I would never be able to use. My old Dell laptop that I had for quite a while was getting old and I was ready to upgrade. The computer I purchased has a lot more power and is quite a bit faster than the Dell I had before. I don't have any problems with it. It runs very smoothly and the display is really nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this one since about the 4th day. i got the m4 as a gift for my sister who has a samsung s3, but it works perfectly. the only complaint is that it is pretty much a black box with a black screen, but other than that its a good buy. it works as good as the s3. i was hesitant to buy this because it is a bit pricy, but I am very satisfied with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very good. I had a couple of issues with it.  The first issue was a power light that was off when the unit is turned off.    The light would come on and stay on but the unit would not power on.  I had the unit serviced and they fixed it for me.  My second issue was the touch screen.  This is a very large device, very well built and well designed.  I am very pleased with it and have used it a lot.  The other issues I had with it is that the display was a little hard to read at times.  When you are on a map it will look like it is in the middle of the map.  In a text mode it does not display the letters correctly so I had to put a marker next to each letter on the display to make it more readable.  Lastly the speaker is a little quiet.  It has a built in speaker, but it is loud enough for the majority of the room.  All in all, I am pleased with this unit and am looking forward to many more years of use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************** I have been using this device for several months now. I have had the phone for about a week. I really like the size of the phone and the sound quality. I also like the ability to keep up with my text messages and to check the time and calendar. I wish that I could have purchased a more robust version, but it has worked out well for me so far. I would recommend this device to anyone who is looking for an inexpensive phone with excellent sound quality, a good camera and good voice quality. ****************************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great keyboard for the price!  The keys are good, the keys are cheap and the case is a bit flimsy but for the money it's a great keyboard.  It's my first keyboard and the key caps feel like they could last a long time!  Posted by: John at 10:07 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's a really good keyboard! This is my first keyboard, so I don't know if it's a "keyboard" at all. It's a very well made keyboard, but it is not a "normal" keyboard. This is a different type of keyboard, and it's really nice!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:....................................................A little heavy, but that's what makes it so fun and so handy................................................I can do all of my phone calls without having to plug in..............................I really appreciate the way that they designed the back panel..........................................................................I would buy it again.................................................................Great product......................................................................................................................................... I am not a big fan of the keyboard, but I don't really have a reason to replace it with another one.    This is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought a Kossy P1 on sale. It was very nice for the price. I was very happy with the build quality and the overall performance of the product. ---------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This was the first time I have purchased a blu ray player and I love it! It works great, doesn't have the volume issue people were complaining about, and I really enjoy how the sound quality is fantastic. I will definitely purchase again. It's definitely worth the money! ********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have a Sony HXR-NX900 and it's the best thing ever! It's small, light, and easy to operate. I have it on a 5' tablet so it's not exactly in my hand but it's easy to use.   The sound is very clear, very clear. I don't think I can recommend this product enough!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a pair of the XJ12's, and I am very happy with them. I've used them to watch a lot of movies and to view HDTV on a PC in the car. I would also say that the XJs have an advantage over a lot other devices for this type of use. I don't find it necessary to use the DVD/CD player to watch DVDs or CD's (which I am always doing when I watch movies on my XJs). I am also very happy that they are so quiet. I have to admit that my wife has the most annoying speakers in our house (she also has the XZ series). I found it very nice to hear the music with the speakers on while I was watching a movie, or even while I watched a TV show (though I'm not sure I want to have my kids in the room when I do this).
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using the A.V.I.C. system for about two years now and I'm very satisfied. I've used it with both the Ipad Air and the iPad Pro and I can't imagine going back to anything else now.    The A.VI.C is a good value for the price and the design is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It works just fine. I use the wireless option on the phone and have been very happy with the sound quality. I have also noticed that the microphone doesn't always work when using the wireless function, so I use a wired headset for that. It is a very solid device.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great sound quality, very low noise and a little warm sounding. A great little device for the price.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to play the Wii U eShop with. It has good sound, no lag and is easy to navigate. This is a good buy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a fantastic little keyboard and I can't get enough of the keycaps. The keycaps have a very nice tactile feel. I love the fact that it is compatible with any layout, so if you're a fan of the Gateron, the Zealios or any other layout you can get this keyboard.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- It works great and very simple to use. The quality is very good. The battery lasts for a long time. I was able to charge the device twice with a good speed. The sound is very nice and not annoying. Overall a very good purchase and I am sure it will last for many years.  Rated 4 out of 5 by John from Works great for my needs. The unit I got was a bit too large for my hand, but the unit itself is very well built. I really like the fact that you can change the sound by adjusting the volume. It is easy to use, and the battery charge lasts long enough to get through a full day of work. I bought the unit as a way to listen to my iPod on the road. The built in speaker does not quite sound like the iPod speakers but the quality is good enough for what I want. The only con I have is that the unit doesn't come with the charging cable and the USB connector. I just bought the connector from eBay and it worked fine.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a very good unit for the money. This was a great price for a good unit, and the service is very good, I got a response from them right away.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  I was using a wireless keyboard and mouse but when I got this keyboard, I didn't think it was worth the money. I tried it out for a day, and was a little disappointed. It was so hard to get it to work. However, when I went to the store to get a replacement, I found it was a very good value for the money and the fact that it is wireless is a bonus. I have it connected to my laptop now, and I can type a lot faster with my fingers! Also, I would highly recommend this product if you are on a budget!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good electronic toy. It is strong, durable, and well-designed. It's very easy to clean, and it's also waterproof. It comes with 2 batteries, which is what I was looking for. I also love the fact that the toy comes with a soft, squishy silicone head, and a really nice suction cup for my penis to grip. The only thing I would change about this toy is the lack of an attachment for my dildo to be used. The toy is really well made, but I think it could be a lot more secure with an attachment. Overall, I'm very pleased with this toy, and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a really strong, waterproof dildo.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the ZX Spectrum before, I have also owned and used the Commodore Amiga, I've also had an Atari 2600 and a Commodore 64, so I am familiar with the hardware and the operating system. The ZX is a beautiful piece of software. The interface is elegant and simple. The sound is excellent, and the sound is what really matters to me. It's also a lot of fun to play on the TV. If you're looking for a great game machine that will last a long time, this is a fantastic buy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice, high quality device. The price is right and the battery life is good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used my old Dell monitor for several years now and have never had a problem. The monitor is still as good as the day I bought it and has a lifetime warranty on the components. The only issue I've had is with the power adapter, which I've gotten a replacement for. But even with the replacement the monitor still turns on and works perfectly. I would definitely recommend this monitor!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! I've been using this for about a year and it's been a great purchase. It's the perfect size for my hands and it is very light and compact. I bought the smaller one as I don't want to mess around with a laptop or anything but I am a little disappointed that the buttons are so tiny and not a lot of light. The sound is fine and it does all the stuff I need to do. I've bought the 3 pack and it seems a little overpriced but I think it's worth the money. It does not have a battery but the price is right and you get what you pay for.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------  I bought this product for my wife and I and we really liked it. We both use our phones for texting and we wanted something we could take everywhere with us. I used to use a Palm Treo to check email, but this one was much easier to use. It was fast and easy to use with its built-in memory and built in calculator. It has many different functions and we used it in our business and for personal use. I am glad I got this for my business. I do not recommend this to people who are looking for a portable computer because it has not as many features as I wanted. It is more of a calculator but if you are looking at a computer with a lot of functions, this is a good choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I am very happy with my iVibe 2! I have a small toy collection and I needed a small, but powerful, vibe. It's perfect! The color is a little off, but I think I got a deal on a slightly different shade. I'm pretty picky about how my vibrators look. The iVibes are well built, comfortable, and rechargeable. It has a nice vibration pattern and has an audible tone. It also comes with 2 different color bullets, but you can buy the one I got separately as well. It is also waterproof, but the bullet isn't waterproof. So, I use the bullet inside the toy and the vibe is just a good insulator.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent product. It's great to have a dedicated keyboard.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, August 11, 2013  Best Keyboard I've ever had  by Anonymous from San Diego CA USA  Pros: Keyboards feel nice  Cons: Keycaps are too small  Review: It feels nice to type on. The keys are big and the keyboard has a nice, smooth feel to it. The only problem I have with it is the keycaps are tiny. It is very hard to type with the tiny keys. If I had to compare this keyboard to another one, it would be the Logitech G15. It has a better layout, a larger number pad, and the key caps are bigger and a bit heavier. , but I have no complaints with this keyboard. It was a great choice for my desktop.  in terms of the design, it's similar to the G15 and the KB80. I like it a lot. : I love the feel of this keyboard and the big number pad. However, I have one complaint, the keys are too big. I would like the keys to be a little smaller to fit on my small hands. I also think the key spacing is slightly off for my liking. Overall, I love this keyboard, and would recommend it to any one. -A. from Chicago, IL USA . I love it. I am in the US and the UK is another country. I have never used a mechanical keyboard in my life and I have tried a few others. The G15 has some great features, but the small size of the keys and the fact that the keycap spacing is different than I am used to is a big issue for me. I wish there was a key size that is slightly larger so I could get use to the spacing. The keyboard itself is also very nice. It feels like a premium product. If you're used to a mechanical one, this is definitely a better product for you. The key spacing feels more like a standard keyboard and is just right for my hand. It would be nice if they had a second key size. Overall the G20 was a very good purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The best device I have ever owned. I can control my computer from anywhere I have a wifi connection. I'm able to access the internet and use my computer without having to be connected to a router. I don't have to worry about a router because this device is built in. The design is so sleek and looks great in any room. The only reason I don' t give this a 5 star is that it does not support 3D.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great device. The screen is bright and colors are vibrant. It is nice to have an on-screen keyboard for those times you can't use your mouse. I like the fact that the screen is big enough to read a book on while driving and also that the touch pad is large enough to easily use a mouse.   Overall I love my new computer.   It has been a few months since I got my new pc, and this thing is just the best. I have been a gamer since I was a kid, and have owned a computer since my first. This thing runs great. I'm a huge fan of the steam games and the ps4 games. The built in speakers are very good for watching movies, or playing games. I use my pc with a mouse and keyboard, and can't tell the difference. I don't know what i'm going to do when I finish my gaming. The thing is worth every penny. I highly recommend it.  What a bargain for the price! My PC was a complete mess. It was an i7 quad core 4ghz with 8gb ram, and it had been a long time since I had a motherboard upgrade. After looking at all the reviews I decided to get a G4 750mhz. The G4 is a beast. My cpu was overclocked to 3.6Ghz. It runs super fast, and my ram is still at 8gb. I've only had it a few days, but so far I'm really liking it. My gpu is now my go to card. I bought the G4 because I have a GTX 660ti. I wanted something more powerful than my old rig but cheaper. I am definitely going to buy the G3 soon. Thanks to the G1 to G3 upgrade. -A.W. Heater is super, but don't over do it. If you over do the heatsink it will destroy the gpu, or at least it will in my case. The fan is very quiet and I am not using it yet, so I am waiting on a gpu cooler to be delivered. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************* This is a very good set up. The sound is crisp, the quality is very good, and the controls are very easy to use. The only complaint I have is that it seems to be more expensive than the rest of the electronic equipment I've owned in the past. I'm just not sure why it is that way. My only other complaint is that the volume of the stereo doesn't change when you put it on the radio. The speakers are good but the volume isn't loud enough. I would definitely recommend this product. If you don't mind the extra expense, it's worth it. **********************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love my iphone 6s. I do not have a 5.1 surround system and the sound quality is so much better than my 5.0s.  Did you find this helpful? 8 of 9 Found Helpful  Rafael C  5  Reviewed by:from NY. on 5/24/2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device and i was very pleased with it.  The sound is very good and the controls are very intuitive.    The sound: This is a great sounding amplifier.  The only problem I have with it is the volume knob is very sensitive, I found that if I put my finger on it the knob would go all the way to max volume.  It was a good buy for the price, it was not a huge purchase but I do recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Great device for the money, good battery life, and excellent price!  What I like: -Good battery life (I have a 5300 mAh battery) -Widescreen 1080p screen -Tons of customization options (color, icons, fonts, etc.) -Great keyboard -Great touchpad -Loud and clear speakers -The new Intel HD 4400 graphics card is very capable, but not the most expensive on the market -The fingerprint scanner works well -Very good build quality -Lots of ports (USB 2.0, USB 3.0) -Great value for the price I don't like: (I don't have this one, but this one is also good, but I have a Dell XPS 13 ) -No 3G, or wifi on my XPS 14, but you can purchase an adapter to connect the phone to wifi -If you don't mind not being able to customize the keyboard, this is a very good deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Excellent product and excellent service by VTech! Great service and great value for money. I will recommend to my friends.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this product because I'm looking for a simple way to control my home theatre, as I'm a huge fan of the movies. It is very easy to use, has a lot of features, and has great reviews! The only thing that I do have to say is that the volume control is a little hard to get to. Other than that, it is a great device!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 28, 2016  by Aaron from CA USA  Review: I've been looking for an app for controlling my audio/video, and this app is the answer. I was so excited to see the price drop! I can't imagine having to carry around a box of these boxes to control things on the computer, but that's what I had to do when I got the Denon. Great value for money.  Would recommend this product to a friend: Yes  Thank you for your feedback.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The screen is great and it is easy to use. The device is light weight and easy to hold in one hand. The battery lasts for a long time.  It is small and easy for one person to use and the sound quality is great. The only thing I dislike about this device is the charging connection. The power connection is weak and the charger can not hold the device at full power.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice and powerful device for the money. I was looking for a way to turn my old phone into a tablet, and the new tablet works great. I wish the phone was as large as the tablet, but the screen size is great and the quality of the display is nice. The only problem I had was the battery. The tablet has a huge battery but the battery lasted just over 6 months of heavy use before needing to be replaced. That is a good battery life for a tablet. I'm sure other tablets will last a long time, but it's not good. I would recommend this device to anyone looking for an alternative to the iPhone or Android tablets. I think the only drawback to the device is the price, but if you don't need a high resolution display and just want a tablet with some nice features, this is a great deal.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this device because it is inexpensive, easy to use and reliable. It does not run hot, so no problem for me.  It is easy to set up.  I have had it for a month and have had no problems with it. I have a hard time believing that this is a $5 device, but I am so pleased.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good and quiet alarm clock. It is very accurate, and I use it to wake up in the morning. It's a bit on the loud side but it's good to wake me up, and you don't have to be up to the noise to get up, I find myself listening to it before I leave for work. It takes a few days to get used to, but I think once you do, it's great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my new favourite product!  The quality is good.  I have been using this device since it came out and I love it.    It is so convenient, I can put the device in my pocket when I want to listen to music.  I use it on my ipod and ipod nano and they both work perfectly.  If you are on the fence about this purchase, don't be!  This is a great product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my litecoin miner for over a month now and i am extremely happy with it! it does everything i need it to do. ive been mining bitcoin since last summer and have always wanted a smaller device to mine with. ively got this one because i like the looks and i do not mind the small size. i have also been having problems with my usb hub. ives seen this happen with other litecoins miners and decided to give this one a try. iv seen other reviews where people are having problems getting their usb hub to work with this unit. im still trying to figure that out. ily I do not understand what is the issue? ive read some of the reviews on this and im thinking of getting a different hub, but ive seen the other reviews about it being a problem. iving been a bitcoin miner since the beginning, i have always loved the lite coins concept. iblecoin is great to mine but for mining lite or bitcoin you want to buy a full sized device. iven the fact that i got this unit i can now mine lite coin with no issues. iblycoin is the best mining device available.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little device. Its small size, but can be used with your glasses, and the ability to use different levels of intensity to get more than just a little light and have the option of adjusting the intensity, makes it a perfect product. It's very simple to use and use properly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the best i've used for the money. The sound quality is superb. I don't use a lot of music but the fact that the volume can be adjusted and the mic is loud enough to hear what I'm playing at all times is a real bonus. The only thing that bothers me is that the plastic is very thin and flimsy. I can easily break this one off in my pocket.  Rated 5 out of 5 by dianne from This is my new go to speaker, I have been a DJ/Live performer for over 15 years and this has become my go to set up. It is so easy to use. The speaker's sound quality blows my DJ sets away. I love the size of the speaker. The color matches the system perfectly. I've had the X9 and this one is better in every way. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using this device for over a year now and I cannot say enough good things about it. The remote is a very nice addition to the remote control and allows you to do things like adjust the volume or the volume of a different device. I use it to control my computer and have had no problems at all with the device. The device is small and light and very easy to use. The only issue I have with the product is that the remote does not connect all the way to the device, so you have to disconnect it from the computer to get the other devices to work. Other than that, the remote is well worth the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The iStick 80w is a pretty good device. I have the original blue version. The only thing i can say is that it looks great but i think i might have to change the batteries as it gets a little hot. It can hold a charge for about 3-4 hours and is not too hot to hold. I really love the buttons. They work very well and the design is really cool. I also bought the pink version and i am liking the way it looks and the color too. I would definitely recommend this device.   It is a bit on the large size but I really like it for those long periods of time where i want to have a portable device to charge.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 28, 2016  Good but..  by John from Chicago IL USA  Pros: I like the design of this product. I love the fact that it's rechargeable. The buttons are nice and the battery life is long. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this in my backpack and my phone with me at all times and it is very useful. It's very easy to use. I don't have to turn on the flashlight for it to work. I like that it's rechargeable and I'm not using it to check my phone at all. I highly recommend this flashlight.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good item to buy for a beginner or a pro.  It's a bit pricey but it has a great sound.  I have one for my guitar and I use it with a great app and have no problems at all.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first time I've used an iPod and it's a pleasure. It's simple to use and I really enjoy the shuffle feature.  I've never had a problem with any of my previous iPods but I am a little concerned that the back of the device is a little rough on the inside.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a very good unit. The light on it works perfectly and is very bright. I use it to read my text and the colors and contrast of the screen are nice. I'm glad I purchased this for my desktop. Write a negative review about an un-needed item:   The light is very good but the USB cable is terrible. It's a 3.0 and it needs to be an 8.0 cable for it to work. Also the cord needs to have a little more length so it doesn't slip out of my computer case when I move it around.   Write an unhelpful review about how the device works:  It's great to use but I think the light on the light is too bright. It doesn't really illuminate the text I am reading. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good portable DAC and headphone amplifier, I have used it for over 2 years and it is still going strong. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this to replace a pair of Apple earbuds and they work great. I use them on the bus and have the iPod dock on my computer. The sound quality is very good, and the battery life is great.   It's nice to have a full sized headphone, but if you like a smaller, portable one, the Audio Technica ATH-M50x is a great choice.  -Andrew G.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my first digital camera, so it took me a little time to learn how to use it. The picture quality is good, but the lens is a little hard to focus and the auto-exposure is not as good as I expected. However, the camera has the ability to be set up to shoot in manual mode, which I did. The pictures are excellent and the quality is pretty good, if you are not looking for a fancy camera.   I am a bit disappointed in the lack of a viewfinder, but that's to be expected. I do like the touch screen, and I find it easy to use. The size is good and I am glad I purchased it.   The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the battery life is not great. The battery life in normal usage is around 2-3 hours. I have to recharge every 4-5 days, so I am not happy about that.   the only con I have about the camera is that there is not a way to adjust the ISO, but there is a way in the camera settings. I would like a way of changing the aperture, but I am ok with it being fixed.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********The best thing to ever happen to me is having this device. I've been wanting a computer for years but have had problems with viruses and viruses that can be easily wiped off. After purchasing this device I had a virus removed, and it was a snap. It is so easy to use, and I have never had any issues with it before. It was a great purchase and I am going to use it all the time!***
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My Sennheiser HD280 is a very nice sounding headset. The highs are nice and open, the mids are good, the lows are detailed and detailed. The only thing I don't like is the low-end. The HD280 does have a very soft sound, which is a nice trait. I wish it could be a little more dynamic, but I can live with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I purchased this device in late 2005 and have used it to do everything I needed to. It is well built, and the buttons and dials are very easy to use. The unit works flawlessly. I was pleasantly surprised to find the device could be reset, and it did so without much fuss. I have used the unit for several years now, and am very satisfied with it. I can't say enough good things about it. *****  The best little timer on the market: ******************** I purchased the EGT timer on a whim after reading the reviews. I wanted to get a nice-to-have gadget but not necessarily a necessity. The EGT is the perfect balance. It's easy to operate, but very user-friendly. It can be used to set a timer for a meal, to start a car, to set up a car wash, etc. The built-in light is very bright, and can be dimmed or turned off if you prefer. It takes up little space, so there's no clutter. I recommend this little gadget to everyone.  Egtray timer for the car: *************** I purchased my first Egtray for my car when I bought my 2001 Honda Accord. I used it once a day for the first year or so then changed to a digital timer. After about 6 years of use, I bought another one and now use it on a daily basis. The buttons and lights are all very user friendly. I like the idea of the built-In light that comes on when the timer is about to expire. It was very easy for me to set the time on the unit and was very helpful when I had to use the car wash. The only thing I don't like about this unit is that it does not have a timer reset function. I am looking for a way to program it to automatically reset on a certain day. I wish there were more of these units on the road. The digital timers are becoming harder and harder to find. I really like this unit. It does everything it's supposed to do and does it very well.  and the best timer on your wall ******** I own two of these timers. I bought one for my kitchen and one for the garage. The ones in the kitchen work great. I use them to set timers for food prep, laundry, and to start the car when my son gets home from school. The one in the garage works great
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device for a few years and love it. It can get loud if you play a lot of loud music but thats part of the fun. The sound quality is really good. The size of the unit is perfect for me. I use it for my radio station and am satisfied with it. I'm not sure what the others are getting so I cant comment. Just a great device for me and my radio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Very easy to use, I use it daily for my PC, phone and music. The software is very user friendly and there are many different settings to tweak and fine tune your music. I can see this being a good music player for the average user who just wants a very basic music player that can be used on the go.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very excited about the new S5 from Samsung. It's nice to have a smaller phone that still can do most of the things a larger phone can do. However, my main issue is that the phone isn't as well-designed as it should be. It seems as if Samsung's design team doesn't care that a smaller device is actually a larger device with the screen, buttons and grip being the same. The phone also doesn't feel as solid as a larger smartphone. For example, when I take the S5 out of the box, it seems to have less weight to it than the iPhone 6s or the Nexus 6P. The S5 does have a few good things though. For one, the phone feels very sturdy. It doesn't bend easily and the phone's back has a good grip. There are no sharp edges that will break off or cause a lot of damage to your phone. The only negative thing I have is the camera. When it comes to selfies, I have a hard time taking good pictures in low light. The front-facing camera also doesn´t perform as well as a lot other high-end phones. It can't produce high quality pictures and you'll have a harder time getting the shot when your hands are shaking. Overall, the S4 Active feels like a good smartphone but Samsung should make some changes to improve it. If you can't live with a smaller smartphone, the iPhone is the best choice. If it's a matter of convenience, the Nexus line is still the best. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been using a Nook HD+ for about a year now and am very satisfied with it. It's small, has good quality construction, and works just fine. I've had problems with my other Nooks but not this one. It works fine, I can't fault it at all. The only issue I have is the fact that it comes with a little hard drive. I'm pretty sure it's a "diskette" drive.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a problem with the camera's flash, but after a short time of tinkering with the settings I was able to get the flash to fire.  This is probably the first camera that's made me look at my flash settings before shooting.   My Review:    The Sigma SDM-100 is a great little camera, and the price is right for a good, cheap camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the sony hd4ii for about a year now. It is a good value for the money. The only problem is when you plug it in you have to push the power button very hard or else it doesnt charge and just keeps turning on. I can do that in a normal laptop but not in a hd 4ii. If you use a mouse or anything else on it its fine. The sound quality is great and the screen has good viewing angles. Its nice to have an hd tv on your desk as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I was in the process of buying a new laptop when I got a call from my brother telling me that he had found a new iPad in the dumpster behind a used bookstore in town. He had purchased it for $20 off Craigslist a few months ago and was looking for an alternative to his Apple. I took the plunge and bought it on a Friday evening. I love my new iPad! I use it to browse the net and listen to music. I can't recommend this device enough.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s with micro sd and great camera!!!  I bought the samsung s5 and i had no problems so i bought this one and its perfect  The camera is great and the camera is the same. The camera has a good camera and the phone has a great camera. The only reason i gave it a 4 is because the screen is pretty small.  But overall it is a great phone for the money  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s I was looking for an easy to use iPhone that can record video and video is surprisingly good. I'm a huge video lover so I can't say I was disappointed. The video quality is great. I also love that it comes with a case, but there isn't a case included. Overall it's a great phone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 08, 2014  Great, but has some flaws  by John from Phoenix AZ USA  Pros: Fast and easy  Cons: No external mic, can't record audio when I use an external mic  Review: The camera is good but a little heavy. The buttons are a bit too close together and if I'm using a headphone with it I'm left with a tinny sound. Overall, the camera is very good and is the only camera I would consider using. -John  Yes No Tuesday and Saturday, June 27 and June 30, 2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I am really impressed with the performance and build of this receiver. It has everything you want in a small radio. It is light weight, compact, and powerful. It's built well and the audio quality is good. The antenna is a little big for me but it works great for me and I don't have to move it around. I bought this with a 2 year warranty. I am glad I did.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the t2 for about 2 weeks now and i can honestly say its the best i've used in that time. the only downside to the t4 is that it is a bit smaller, but its small for a portable device. the buttons are all clicky and easy to use. I recommend this device to anyone who is looking for a very small portable battery powered speaker with a great sound.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I just received my new Voodoo Touch. I purchased this unit for use in a professional environment as a backup laptop. I am using a Mac mini with a 32gb ssd and it was able to run the latest software. The Voodoo is pretty nice for the price point and it is running a 1.6ghz processor, 2gb of ram, and a 16gb mssd. I have a Macbook Air and it would be great if Apple had made a Voodoo that could also run OSX. I had a hdmi connection to my PC that was working just fine but the mac was a little laggy. I was a bit disappointed but at the same time I knew I was getting a new laptop so I didn't care. I would buy again if the need arose.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this since late last year and i love it. i've been on the fence about buying another sony, but after this purchase i cant go back. it's been a good device for the price. ive only had to change the battery once and the speakers and volume control are really good. its not the best speakers out there but it sounds great. theres not a whole lot of features but it's still pretty good. the only reason i gave it 3 stars is the battery life. it is only 8 months but still a problem. but for the money its still pretty great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first time buying from you guys and I have to say that I am happy that I did. I ordered the S2 in black and it was the perfect color and the box it came in was great. My S2 is the best for the price. Thanks for the quick delivery and I look forward to more purchases in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this about a month ago and it works great. It has everything i need and i am very pleased with my purchase. The only negative thing i can say about it is the buttons for power and volume are on the front panel, i don't really like that. I prefer buttons on the back, and the buttons are small. However, it is a nice item and worth the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought a Sony KDL-55E6100 to replace my old one that I had for 20 years. It worked fine, was easy to use, the sound was great, the colors were amazing, I love my new Sony, the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that I'm very disappointed that Sony made it so difficult to change the firmware. Sony made a big deal about how they will never use firmware to make their devices better but this is the most frustrating thing I've ever bought a product from. I tried to change my firmware using the Sony website but I had to reset my device by taking the unit apart, connecting the USB cable to the USB port on the motherboard and then reconnecting the cable to a computer to update the firmware and then I have to download a new firmware to my computer and then connect the new firmware. The process took almost a week. I would've given Sony 4 stars if they made it easier to update. I'm really disappointed and I hope they fix this in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second I have bought. I have used it both for my personal and professional needs. The only drawback is that the buttons do not respond to the backlight well but other than that it is great! I have yet to have any problems with it.  No more buttons:  I've been using this for a while now and the only problem is that I can no longer use the mouse buttons on my old computer to control the LEDs, because the backlights do not work. The new firmware has a way to detect the buttons and change the backlighting accordingly. It also has a new "quick save" feature, which allows you to change the screen brightness and backlighting at any time without having to reload your firmware. Overall, this is a great little device. I don't know if I would recommend it over my previous setup (which used a USB mouse with the old screen and buttons), but for the money it is very nice. I would definitely buy this device again.  and just as good as the first one:  It's the same model, but this one has more features (and it's a lot less expensive). I use the software to switch back and forth between my old and new setup, and the software is very easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I have had this product for over two years now, and it is still going strong. I use it for audio and video playback and it does not suffer the usual faults. It is a bit on the pricey side, but I don't mind that at all. I recommend this product.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I can't go back to my previous phone because this is so much better, and so much cheaper!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is a must buy for me. I have a few other electronic gadgets, but the touch screen is the one I can't live without. It is so intuitive and easy to use. My parents really enjoy this device. The sound quality is good as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I have been using this little beauty for the past month. It is very good at keeping the dust out of my house, I have to close the garage door to do laundry and it helps keep the garage cool and the outside air clean. I have a little older model of the same model so I know it works well. I would recommend it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 29, 2011  Very Good Product  by Andrew from St. Charles MO USA  Pros: Compact and compact size. ,  Cons:  Review: This is the second one I have bought. They last a long time. I use them for my kids and wife. We just put a little dishwashing soap in them every once in a while to keep them from getting too dirty.  and I would like to add that they work great in a small dishwasher too  I have only had them for about a month but they are working great  Thank you  Andrew from St Charles MO United States  Product: KitchenAid Professional Stainless Steel Toaster Oven  Type of use: Other  Long Lasting: Very good  Comments: The only thing I would change about these is to make them lighter weight. The ovens are very heavy and the food cooks a long while.  I have never had an issue with them breaking so I would not worry about that. I do not use them a lot so I will update if anything changes.  (Posted on 5/26/11)  Good to use and durable  By Daniel from Dallas, TX USA  the oven works great. i had a previous model for 8 years but was not able to get the seals to stay on after using. these are not difficult to use. i used to be able to turn the temperature to "low" and then back up. after i use the oven i can't turn it back up without using a knob. but for the price i would recommend this to anyone.  a great addition to a small kitchen. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this amp about a year ago and am very happy with it. It is very quiet, very powerful, and I really like the effects that it can create. The only negative thing I have is the amp doesn't come with a speaker cable. I am not too keen on the idea of having a separate amp and speakers just to play with.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s. it's fast and simple to use. the screen is crisp and it does a good job of keeping my phone charged all day. i bought this because my iphones battery life is horrible. i also have a samsung galaxy s4. my phone is very well made and very nice. i like that i can charge it when i'm out of town. but my samsung s4 doesn't charge as well as this phone. i don't know why that is. i would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a phone for travel or just because it looks cool.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: pjfunk
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first portable DAC I've tried, and it's pretty much flawless in all respects.  I have two more that I'm currently working on, but so far, I like this DAC the best.  I was really interested in a portable DAC after hearing the B&W P7, but the only DAC I'd seen with a USB interface was the Sennheiser HD 800.    I'm very impressed with the performance of this DAC.   There's nothing wrong with the USB input on this unit, but the analog line out is very convenient.  I'd have to say that the DACs in this range are a bit expensive for the sound quality, but if you're just looking for something for the price, this is a great deal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *************************** **************************** The Ipod Touch was my first foray into the world of music. The iPod is so much better than the other products that came out before. I was initially skeptical, but I was very impressed. I have tried so many music player, but it seems to be the perfect fit for me. I use the Ipod touch almost every day. The sound quality is excellent. I am on the fence about buying this again, but so far, I love it. *********************** ********* *************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have had this for 2 months now and I love it. The battery lasts a very long time and it's so easy to use. The controls are easy to set up and they make for an easy setup. I've used it a lot and my only problem is it doesn't have a light in it. It's just a flat screen. It will come with a USB cable, but I'm afraid I'll have to buy a USB power adaptor to use the wall outlet. If you need a simple to use wireless keyboard/mouse, this is a great one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    "This thing is awesome! It's perfect for recording a few quick clips for a project and having the option to edit them later is great. It also allows you to change the quality of the clips if you have different quality recordings. My only complaints are that the battery life is short and the volume slider is too small for the level you want to be playing. Otherwise, I'm super happy with this purchase!"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device works well and I'm very happy with the sound quality.  I have the bass and treble turned up on the amp and the volume is a little high for my ears but not as much as the other reviews mentioned.  I am using it with my Sony Walkman.  This product works well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a while now and i have to say its a great device. The first time i plugged it in it booted up and everything worked great. the battery isnt dead, but its not charged yet either. i have no problem with this device. i would recommend it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I have used the product for almost a year now and have been happy with it. I have a Sony camera (sans lens) and the flash is the most important part of the camera. I purchased this device because it works on my Sony and is very convenient. It does not look like a high end camera but it does have the functionality that is needed to take great pictures and videos. It is great to have a dedicated flash in the camera and it is nice to have the extra power when I need it. *********** I also recommend the flash. It was very simple to setup. It works well. ****************** The flash was very nice to use. It did a great job of being a dedicated camera flash. ______________________________________________________ I have had this flash for over a year and I am pleased with it and will continue to buy from this company. I do not like the look of the light bar and the rubber is not as good as my Sony camera. ______________ The Flash was very easy to use and has helped me a great deal when taking pictures or video. ______________________________  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: flashgearinc
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:......................................................... This is a very good computer. It is very good for my needs. The keyboard is very nice, the screen is bright and the sound quality is excellent. The mouse is very responsive. The only thing that is a bit annoying is that it has to be plugged in to the wall to charge. I've had it for over a month now and I still have almost 60% of its battery left. I am sure that it will last for many years. I can't recommend it highly enough.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used it since it came out and the performance is amazing. it doesnt have the sound quality of the soundbar, but it has a great sound and the sound is very clear and rich. I am really happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the third iMac i bought. The first iMac was in 1996. The second one was a gift in 2006. It was very easy to use and it looks good. It runs at a high level and looks really good too. The sound quality is great and the graphics are clear. The speakers are better than any iMac ever had. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because it still gets a lot of dust and lint. I would buy another one but that is the only thing I would change.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device for a while now, and it does exactly what it's supposed to. It has saved me from going insane with the stress of working and school.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 22, 2011  Nice for my family.  (by jon)  Review: This little device is very nice. It's easy to use, very easy to read, and is very good for quick reference. I've found it easier to use when I just hold the buttons and not have to do a lot of scrolling. ...  The device does not do as well as I thought it would. The batteries last for 2 days, but then get dead. The buttons are hard to push and the screen is a little dim. I'll have to find a better one for my needs.  is a nice little device. It is not the best for working, but for keeping in the background and for quick references.  a nice all-around device. , by kim  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: The battery lasts only a day, and then dies. Buttons are hard on the fingers to push.  on the back panel of the device, is a small display, which you can use to scroll through the menu. It also has a small volume rocker. This small display has a lot to do with the ease of use. You just need to use your index finger and scroll through all the options.  at the top of the panel, is the memory key for fast access.  The device does have a small battery compartment, but the batteries do not last as long as expected. You have to replace them as needed. I have only had this device a few months, but so far it has been a very good device. I am very satisfied.  I am sure this is the case with most electronic devices that you have to keep replacing the batteries. I would like to note that the battery is replaceable if they do not hold up to the task. The only issue is the price. This product is priced too high. I'm not sure if this is because the manufacturer does not have the money to manufacture a lower priced model, or if they are just not willing to put in the effort to make a lower price. It is worth it if you can get it. :) ,  By M  Verified purchase
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to go with my iPad 2, and I've really enjoyed my time with this little device. It's light, easy to use, and very simple to program.  It is also easy to setup, and has an SD card slot.   I've used my iPod Touch on the same programing program for quite some time, but I never really wanted to have to set it up every time I wanted to use it.  This thing makes it easy, and saves a ton of time.  This little thing is a good value! I love this thing.  The only reason it is 4.5 is because I wanted a little more storage space.  You'll have plenty of room to install your music and movies if you need it.   It is small enough to fit in a purse, or even your back pocket.  I use this to control the light and sound in my apartment, as well as my iPod.  It does everything I need it to do, and the sound quality is good enough that it doesn't take up too much space.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It has a good sound quality, which is better than expected. The sound quality is very clear and has good bass. The microphone is great, it is very reliable and easy to use. I do like the size of the unit. It is quite compact and does the job of capturing audio. I use the mic for my own recording, so I do not use the audio recorder function to capture audio. But, I still like the mic function. It does not need batteries. It works very well. I am happy with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *************  The iGrind-iGrind 2 is one of the best and most reliable units out there. The design is really nice, it's very easy to use and it does exactly what it is supposed to do. I was a little skeptical at first when I got it but it works like a champ. If you are looking for a good portable grinder, this is the unit for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the best piece of gear I have ever purchased. I have a Samsung Smart TV and this is a great improvement over that. I can watch movies on the big screen and it does not cause my TV to overheat or have picture blackouts. This has been a lifesaver for my family.   The only thing I wish is that it was on the back of the TV instead of the side. I could have it at the side and it would be perfect.  , I am not sure why my Samsung TV was having trouble. The picture is amazing and the sound is crisp. I am a fan of the Samsung line of products and I know I am in good hands. I highly recommend this. It is a very easy device to use and is very easy to use the remote control with a TV.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I purchased a Bose QuietComfort 25 and was extremely satisfied with the sound. The noise level was very low and the noise level would not be noticed during a movie. The bass is a little too quiet at times, but the sound quality is very good. I also appreciate that you can adjust the volume and balance so that it sounds just right for any movie you watch. It is my go to headphone now for watching movies and for any other audio related task. I recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good headphone. It's definitely worth the money.  Style of Music: Rock/Alternative/Alternative Rock  Comfort: Light  Isolation: Light
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this device about a month ago. It is awesome. I've never used a device with so many different outputs, but it can play all the CDs I've ever wanted to. It has an analog input and outputs, and I was able to get two separate sets of analog inputs out of this. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a cheap audio interface that plays all of the music they want to play, at a reasonable price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I have used this for a while now. I like the compact size and the ease of the use. I also like that I can adjust the power so it is not as bright or as bright as my old laptop. I do like that it is wireless. I was also thinking about getting a different model but I like this one. -------------------------  Review by: Richard S. on 04/16/2015 :  I bought this because of the great reviews. It works great! It is small, but packs a punch.   If I had more room in my bag, I'd have gotten the larger version, but I'm happy with the small one.  ...
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My main purpose for buying this is to replace my old Samsung flip phone that I love but I can't seem to get it to work anymore. This thing works great! The battery life is great!   I am really happy with this purchase, so far. It is a good product!  I have bought one of these in the past and have to say that I am glad I went with the LG version. It works great, the battery life was good and the sound quality is great. I would definitely recommend this phone.  The best phone I've ever used. Great battery life. Very easy to use. The camera is better than any of the others. I'm on my 2nd one, and I'll be buying one more when this one dies on me.  a little pricey but its worth it. and they come with a good camera and a good charger, the only down fall is that they dont come with the earpiece. i wish they did but if you can't find one at your local store you can make a DIY one out of a hair clip, and some wire. if your on a tight budget then dont get this one, but its a great phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I just purchased a new Sony VAIO Pro 7.2 laptop. It's my second laptop. My first one was a Samsung Series 7 with windows 8. The VAIO has lots of features and very good build quality. The keyboard is very good and you can use it with one hand. The screen is very bright, but it does have some problems: it's not the best screen out there (I got this model with a 16:10 widescreen), but it's a good computer. It runs smoothly. I am very satisfied.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ It's just a little larger than a normal iPod but it has all the same features as a normal _____________ iPod: _______________________ It's great! I love it. It's a perfect size for a little portable music player. I love the little dock. The battery is a bit smaller than other iPods but it still lasts me about 5 hours. I like that I can plug in a headset, and it charges my phone at the same time. If I could only get one thing to improve, it would be the screen. It is a little too small. If you're looking for a compact iPod, this is the one! I wish I could get it with a USB charging port!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The screen is good for what it is, but there is a good chance that the "touch" button may be a bit too easy to press. It may take a few times to get the touch button to work properly. Also, there is no way to remove the battery (or at least the original one), and that was very disappointing to me. I don't know if this is the issue with this unit, but if you don't like this feature, you will not be impressed by the unit's specs. I do, however, like the fact that it is a USB device, so you can easily use it on your PC and transfer files.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________  I use the G1s every single day. I use it to play music on my computer at my job and also at home to play my Xbox One and PC games. The sound quality is great and the screen is super bright. I am really happy with the product and I highly recommend it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 17, 2015  Works great for me  by John from South Windsor CT USA  Pros: Easy to set up, works well  Cons: None  Review: I bought this to use with my iPad and my iPod, and it works fine. The iPad is small and the controls on the iPad are very easy to find.   Was This Review Helpful and helpful? Yes Yes Friday, May 31, 2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My daughter is learning to read, and she had to be able to use the Kindle. She got the app, and the first thing she tried was the "search and navigate" feature. I thought she was doing it wrong, but then I read the instructions and she got it right. I also have a Kindle that I've used for reading and a Kindle Fire. I like my Fire, but I don't like the fact that it's a touch screen and I can't use it to write. I don t like that it doesn't have an app for my car. The Kindle Touch is a nice device. It's a little smaller than my iPad, but that's to be expected, and I like that the Kindle Touch has a good size screen. My daughter uses it with me to read books and the Kindle app is pretty good. It would be nice if there was an option for a smaller version that was easier to hold, but she doesn't really need the extra space.   Would I recommend this to a friend?:    to someone who is looking to get a Kindle Touch and doesn't want to get an iPad. It is definitely smaller and a lot lighter than the iPad. The only drawback to it is the battery life is a little on the short side. I would recommend the Kindle to anyone who is in the market for a small portable e-reader that is still light.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I use this as a backup for my MacBook Pro. It is pretty good quality. It's not a battery replacement, but for the money, I can live without a battery. The screen is a little dim, but you can live with that. I have a MacBook Pro with the screen size of 13 inch, and the power consumption is almost the same as this one. It works well and has enough power to run any program I want. If you need a backup, this is the way to go.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- This is the best e-reader I have ever owned and I have tried many. I like the simple and elegant design. It is very easy to read e-books with this e-ink reader. The resolution is very good, so I can use the e-book with a high resolution monitor. I have used the eReaders for many years now and have never been disappointed. --------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the only item I've ever bought from this site that I've really liked. It was easy to use and works flawlessly. It can connect to your computer and it also connects to a television.    Write a negative review about the wrong product:  My wife purchased this item for me, I was not happy with it at all I ordered it in the mail and the package was stolen, not sure if the package got damaged but my wife did not get it and I don't know if this was from the manufacturer or someone else that stole the package.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best and only portable bluetooth speaker I have ever owned. The quality is great and it does exactly what it is supposed to do, I was really surprised by the sound. This is a must have! Product Review:    Excellent bluetooth portable speaker, I use this in my car and my house, It is very loud and the speaker can be adjusted to suit the environment you are using. Pros:  The sound is great. I use it to listen to music on the radio in my house when I am away and the noise cancelling really makes it great to listen at work. It is a great size and it is very portable. Cons: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I got this as a gift and I can't wait to use it. I love the fact that I can get my hands on a computer like this now! I've had a number of other brands, but I'll keep this one!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been looking for a good portable audio recorder for over a year. After much research and with the help of some friends I decided on the JVC HA-RS30. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the device and was able to put it to good use. I like the ability to take pictures and the microphone is a great addition to the recording. I also have found that the microphone picks up voices well. The battery life is pretty good. I can get about 3 hours of usage out of a charge. The included batteries are not rechargeable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very well made and powerful electronic device. The batteries are small and they last a long time. The sound is great, especially when you turn up the volume to full. I have no complaints about this device and it is a good investment. Write a negative review about an ok electronic device, but still worth buying:    This device was very simple to use and the sound was great.   I wish that it had some more controls. I would not buy this again.  Write an honest review about the best electronic device you've ever used:    This is the best computer I have ever owned.  I have a Mac Mini and a couple of other computers but this is my first real computer.  It has a nice size for me, but it's not too big.  When you plug in a hard drive it comes with a drive, but the drive is very small and it takes up about the same amount of space as a hard disk.  The keyboard is nice, and the operating system is good.  This is a great computer for the price and I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a good little recorder. It's good enough for home use but is much better than the iPod shuffle or the iPod Nano. The sound is much cleaner than the previous model and I don't get that annoying noise that I hear when playing old school MP3 players. I am very pleased with my purchase and would buy another.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is my second GPD Pocket. The first one I bought last summer and had to return due to a faulty battery. This one is working perfectly! I don't think I'll ever buy a GPD pocket again, it's so good. I'm currently using it to run a small LED projector that I got for Christmas (not sure what you'd call it... "LED projector"?). It's a good size, light and easy to carry. It's also very portable so I can take it anywhere and not worry about battery life. I have a feeling this is going to be a regular item for me.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have a sony mx-3 which has a bad screen on the front. It's hard to read in low light conditions. I was able to get this unit working on the internet using the netgear router. The interface is very fast and I didn't have to do anything but download the firmware.   My only complaint is that the unit needs to have a battery cover for the usb port. The usb port is really close to the headphone jack and I had to have the cover on the end of the USB connector to use the device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these units and they work great. The only problem I have had is one of the buttons is a little loose. This has not been a problem for me. I am able to play a lot of games on these units. Good product and excellent service! Excellent products. Great service!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine. He has a lot of older laptops and he likes to have them all running at the same time. I really like the fact that you can set up each one so you can have your personal files on one, and work on your personal computer on the other. It's great for my needs.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife. She's very picky when it comes to her computer. She was able to find the one she wanted very easily. The design is very good, and the computer has very good speed. I would recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It has some great features.  The ability to connect with my family is very nice.    I like that you can charge the device while it's charging.  I really like the battery life, but the fact that it's a battery-only device really stings.    The USB charging does take a while, though. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: _________ The AIO from ebay is a fantastic value and the fact that it comes with a 12v adapter is a plus as well. The build quality is excellent and the design is simple but very well thought out. I would definitely recommend this AIO to a friend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the T-mobile phone to replace my old Motorola that died. This is the first one I have purchased that works flawlessly. I was so happy I bought another. Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark from Great phone at a great price I am on my second Tmobile phone. The first one was a Samsung Galaxy S III which worked great but wasn't the best quality. The Samsung S4 has been great but it's not a great phone for the price. It's very small and lightweight but it has been a bit slow on the updates. I have an HTC 10 but it is very slow and the screen is too small. The Tmobile version is a great choice.  Rated 4 out of 4 by R1L from Good for the money I bought this phone because I was going to upgrade from a cheap, but solid, Samsung. I use this phone mainly for calling/SMS. It is light weight and good looking. It does have a few things that make me wonder if it's worth $300.1 But if you need to call/text, it's the phone to have.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!! My friends and I got one of these and it's a great piece of equipment. The sound quality is great, the interface is great for connecting multiple sources, and the fact that the battery lasts long enough to be worth buying is great too. We play all kinds of music and don't think we'll ever use another one! - April 16, 2009Great sound, good value!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is my second ezmo. The first one lasted about 6 months and my son still has it in his room. This ezmos are awesome. I love it. The batteries last a good 7 hours. The speakers are loud. It's so easy to move. The only problem is that the bluetooth connection isn't very strong. But it's not a problem I can't deal with.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************  My wife and I are using our new Apple TV 4th generation to watch TV and movies. It works great for watching movies but the picture quality is awful. I can't understand why the 4th gen Apple TV has a picture that is so much worse than the 2nd gen Apple tv. I have tried the 4g/4gb version on both and it is also terrible. I want my money back and the Apple store needs to know that they need to fix this before it is too late.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The iGigPOD does not do a good job for me. I have to have a computer that has a serial port, and the iGIGPOD is not able to read a serial cable. My computer has a PCMCIA slot, and so the iGsIGPods are just not up to the task of reading a PC. If you want to get one of these, go to another website and look at other sites that offer better quality units.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ This is the second time I have purchased this item. I have a lot of experience with digital devices. I purchased this one to replace an old, but still functional, digital audio player. The device is a good size and works very well. It's a very nice and easy to use unit. I would recommend this product to others. _____________  Write a negative review about an electronic device (other than the iPhone): __________ This product is a pain in the a**. The battery dies before you have a chance to record anything. The interface is slow, and the only way to do something that is not on the screen is to turn the device off and on. The only thing I am grateful for is the fact that I can still use my old unit.  1st review: _______________________ This was my first purchase with Amazon.com, and I am pleased to say I am satisfied. The unit is easy to install and use. The software is excellent. The speaker quality is good and the quality of the music is good. The sound is clear and good, and you get the sound you want. I just wish the unit had a headphone jack, but you get what you pay for.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The A50s are a great set of speakers. I am a professional singer/songwriter and they are very clear, easy to listen to and play well. I also enjoy that they have a lot of volume and are quite flexible. The only negative I can think of is that the remote doesn't work as well as some of the others on the market, but I haven't had any problems with it. Highly recommended!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this on my laptop as a backup power source. I have an old external hard drive and a small USB hard drive. I don't use a lot of storage space, so this is perfect. It's not a high quality device, but it works. If you need to run the computer at night or when you don't have internet, this is a good backup option. It also has a built in battery which is a big bonus. The only downside I see is that the keyboard is not very good. I'm looking into getting a new keyboard but for now I'm happy. It does the job.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------  The Aries H1 is a good computer monitor, good sound, nice features, very bright and clear, a bit hard to see the text on some of the other monitors in the market, but that's the case for any LCD. I can easily see a lot more on a PC monitor, though I like to use it with a PC at work.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: davide_e
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! It is the best electronic device i have ever bought, I've been using it for a month now and it is very reliable. It's very powerful and good for it's size. I've got two, one for my laptop and one for home, i use it in the car and on my phone when i'm on the go, and it works well. If i ever need another one, i will buy another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for a few months now and its been perfect for me. i dont use a wireless receiver with it, but my friends and family all have it. It is great quality and very quiet. I have only used it in a bathroom with no problems. I just wish they would have made it with the cordless type as i hate the cord on my old remote.  Great, Quiet, Quiet Review by John Good for use in a public bathroom!  I like this device. It works as advertised. It's very quiet and has a nice big cord to plug into my router. I really like the fact that I don't have to run the cord up and over my router and across my wall. I also like the little LED's. I can see them and read them as I work. It comes with a nice little plug and a wall charger for when I get up in the morning. It can get pretty warm when I plug it in. But for a home bathroom, it's perfect. It has a long cord and you have to set it up before using it. You have to connect to your router with the included remote and set your router's password and a password for the app. The app is a little hard to use. It only lets you set up a few devices at a time. But I have found it to be reliable and I don t know that it will have problems. If you don't mind a little more work and setup, this is a good choice. ,  Excellent product! Review by KJ This is an excellent product, it is quiet and easy to use! It is so easy to setup! 's are great! I've had one for a year and I love it!  at this price point I cant think of a better product. You get what you pay for. I bought a 2 port 3.5 g b port wifi router and now have this device as a backup! I am very satisfied. .  was easy to set up. I like the small size of the plug. This is a great product.  at a very good price.  and for the price I have not found better.  the wifi signal is not great, but i was able to get it to work. the sound is very nice! ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this because I've been trying to find a good set of headphones to listen to. They are nice, and sound good. I've heard better in the past. The only thing I dislike about them is that they are a little hard to take out of the case. I just can't get the top and bottom out, and they don't look very pretty. If you want to look good and look good now, this is the way to go.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my third e-cigarette, and it is amazing. It is so simple to use and easy to change flavor.   I have tried many e-cigs but this is my favorite. I can't recommend it enough!   It has been very hard to find a quality vape. This one beats all of them. Great flavor and great cloud.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first digital camera and I have to say it's really fun to use.  I'm a photographer myself so it's pretty much what I'm used to.   It does take a bit to get used to the settings and controls.    The pictures are pretty good and the battery life is pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best music player I've ever owned. I use it all the time. It's so fast and smooth. I've had several different players but this one is by far the best. You can't beat the price. I'm very satisfied.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My FiiO E9s is the most powerful sound card I have ever used. It is also very well built. I would highly recommend this card to anyone who wants to build their own sound card. It can take some time to get the hang of how to use it, but once you get the system up and running, you will be glad you did.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first time trying a digital watch and I have to say that I'm impressed. It's a great size and looks very good. I'm very pleased with this purchase. It looks like it will be the first of many.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using a Laptop for about 3 years and I was very unhappy with the battery life. I found a laptop that had almost identical specs, but it was in my budget. I'm glad I found this. I bought the 64gb version of this and it works perfectly. The only issue I had is that it's hard to charge it while it's on, and it has a battery indicator, but the LCD does not display the charge level. I had to go online to see how many charges I had left on the battery. I am very happy with the purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first experience with a digital camera and I am very happy with it. I love the pictures it produces and the video quality is pretty good. It has been a great buy for the price. I highly recommend it. It's a must-have for any enthusiast.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little camera I bought this camera as my primary camera for a few reasons. 1) I love how compact it is and the battery life is pretty awesome. 2) I like the features it comes with and the image quality is good. The only thing I'd like to see added would be a video recording function. 3) I'd also like to have the ability to use it as a cell phone camera for when I travel. Overall, I'm very happy I bought it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this thing for a couple months now and it has been absolutely perfect. I like the fact that i can use it to listen to music on my phone or mp3 player while i have the radio on and i can just use my earbuds. I have had no problems whatsoever with the noise canceling or the audio quality. i like the sound on this as well.  Rated 5 out of 5 by ChrisG from Works as advertised. I use my portable media player on the go to listen while commuting and work. It has great audio quality and I love that it's compact and portable. It works well with my iPhone 6S Plus. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have used this little guy for several years now and it has performed flawlessly for me. It's the first time I've purchased a DVR, but I've had a couple of the old analog tuners and this is easily the best one. I use it in conjunction with a receiver that has a tuner built in (I use the Sanyo M-T-S3-6). The tuner works perfectly. I don't need to look at the tuner anymore. And it's easy to set up. It is easy to use, just plug it in, connect the power and that's it. I've owned a lot of DVR's, but this is the best. It does a great job of storing the shows. I would recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought the M1 and used it as my main monitor and keyboard, I really like the sound of it, it has good clarity, and I really liked the fact that it has a usb connection to plug into a pc. However, I'm still not sold on the design of the device. The monitor sits on top of the keyboard, which is rather uncomfortable, and the keyboard is quite small for the monitor, but I think that's ok because it fits right in between the monitor and the monitor stand. Also, the mouse is also quite small, and doesn't quite sit right in the keyboard tray. But other than that, this is a great device. -------------------------Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased the T10, as a companion to my T20, in order to make a full computer sound system with all the bells and whistles I needed. The T10 sounds excellent. It is more expensive than my T-20 but I do believe it is well worth the price difference.   - The T20 is good but I wanted more features and functionality.   I'm still working out the kinks with the T20 but the T100 is a great improvement.  's excellent. The sound quality is far superior to the T-30. The ability to use it with other T-Series speakers is a nice feature. The only negative is the fact that the volume control is on the back of the unit and not on the front. This means that when you want to use the T101, you have to reach over and turn the volume knob on the side. That is not a big deal, but I'm sure that if it was on the left, it would be easier to reach.   a good addition to the sound system, and the T40 is a decent choice, too, though it is priced about the same.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of gear, a very nice size and is very rugged. I use this as a handheld wireless controller for my iPad, iPhone and iPad Mini. It works great, the remote has a good feel and the buttons are responsive and easy to use. It also has a headphone jack that allows me to play music on my iPhone, which is a nice feature. I love the size of the controller, and I love that you can adjust the sensitivity with the buttons on the side of the remote. I also like that the iPad comes with its own USB charger so I can use it with my iPhone and the remote for a long time without worrying about having to charge it. It's very well made, I'm very pleased with it and would recommend it to anyone who needs a wireless controller.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use this little guy on my desk to monitor my system. Works well, simple, and fast. Very useful. Highly recommend. I have the S3 (I believe) and this little beauty fits in my laptop bag. It is very easy to use. I am a very handy guy and can't say enough about the S4. It was well worth the $40. Great little device. It fits in your pocket very well. Works great for me. My laptop is always close by. Great product. This thing is just a great little thing! I have been using the S2 for a few months now. It has worked flawlessly. My wife and I have both been very happy with it. I love the simple yet powerful design of this product. I have only had it a few days, but so far it has been a great purchase. I will definitely be buying more in the future. The S4 is a fantastic device. Easy to use and very simple to set up. It also comes with a great cable that has a nice length to work with your PC or Mac. If you are looking for a small and compact device to monitor your system and the Internet, the S5 is the right device for you. Best Product  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had it for a few months now and i really like it. i like the way the device works as a sound card, as well as a computer monitor. i have an i7, nvidia gtx 660, 16gb ram and i was able to get it to work just fine without any issues. Theres a few other things i like about it, like it being able to connect to an external monitor, and the fact that it can be powered off via usb and has an external power supply built in. The monitor is really good, with an integrated usb port, and can handle a wide variety of resolution and brightness.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 02, 2012  by Steve from Bakersfield CA USA  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: None  Review: I have used many different sound cards, and this one is easily the best. The sound is great and there is no lag in any games. I am sure that if it had a monitor, it would be even better.    Was This Review Helpful no recommendation  Great but not perfect  By James from Lake Forest CA USA on 04/21/2012  Product: Chameleon PC Sound Card  Price: $55.00  Recommend?: Yes  I bought this as a replacement for my old Sound Blaster. I have to say that I am not a fan of the sound quality. There is some distortion, and there are a lot of pops and hisses that sound like they are coming from the back of the unit. I would not recommend it to anyone who wants a nice quality sound card.  The only problem I have is the color is a bit too light for my tastes.  that said, I am very pleased with my purchase and the price was right. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price! Good product at a great price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this on my sony vx700 and the sound quality is amazing, i am using it to run a blu ray player and blu ray tv and the blu ray works flawlessly. ive had it on for about 2 weeks now and still playing all the games i had on my ps3 and all my movies that are still on my PS3. IVE used my iphone 6s a lot, the sound on the iphones are sooo bad, i just had to return them all ive got.    i also got a couple of blu ray players and they are soooo good for blu ray.  I'm so happy i found this app, it's a good alternative to the other ones out there.   More
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great electronic device, I got it for my dad and I loved the fact it was very simple to use. It did everything I needed it to do and when I had to run to the store to buy more it was just as easy as getting the replacement battery in the store.  I highly recommend this device, and to those who think it's too complicated, it really isn't. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to do my own repairs, and I love it.  It works just as well as the brand name.   No need to look for a "fix it yourself" store when you can get a great one right here. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband and he has never had a problem with it. I have the Bluetooth version and he uses the wired version. He loves it and I will be purchasing another for my children.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is really a nice little player. It plays great, and it's really portable. It's got good sound, and is quite a bit cheaper than other players. I'm very impressed.  It's very easy to use, and the only issue I have is that I've been having a bit of a problem with the battery life. I've gotten a few hours, but I can't seem to get it down to less than an hour.    I do wish there were a way to change the batteries, but so far, I've managed to play it a couple times a day for a couple of hours. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I got this about a year ago and it has worked great so far. I can connect to my home network with a wired router and I have no problem at all with my Internet connection. This is a good buy and will likely be with me for a long time. It is the best wireless router I have ever used and it is just a joy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this unit as a Christmas gift for a very good friend, he was a big fan of the Star Wars films. He's a big movie fan and he really enjoyed the sound of this unit. He also said that it is easy to use and that he's not aware of any other unit that does this.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My Sonos has been a joy since it arrived, and I have no complaints about the sound quality and its overall operation. I like how I can adjust the volume to suit my tastes, and the interface makes this easier than most other devices. I would definitely buy this device again if I need more. Write a negative review about an ok electronic device :  The sound quality is terrible, and even if you adjust the EQ to be the most balanced, the sound still comes across as muddy and not very clear. The built in speaker is a weak spot in my opinion. For a device that does not have any EQ, sound quality could have been a lot better. However, for a very low cost and in the comfort of your home, the Sonos system is a great buy. A good option for someone that needs a small portable audio system. It is not the best in terms of sound quality, but it is very portable and easy to setup. It has a lot of good options in terms what to plug in, and what not to. I love how I am able to turn the volume up and down to my preferences, and use different headphones with my Sonos. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a good portable sound system.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The MOGA Pro is a great product that works well. It is not as flashy as a lot of the other high end peripherals, but that is to be expected. It works and is simple to use. It has everything a beginner would need in terms of software and cables. It looks like a well made device. I really recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent. I have a Dell Laptop with an Nvidia GT 740M and this was a great upgrade.  I am very pleased with the performance of this card.   Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, March 29, 2014  Awesome product for the price  by A Customer from West Palm Beach FL USA  Pros: Small form factor, excellent cooling  Cons: no usb ports  Review: As a gamer I needed a graphics card for my new system. I bought this card and it fit perfectly into my Laptop. The only thing I would have liked is an extra usb port. The card would fit but the connector is small and could cause a problem if your laptop has multiple usb ports. The other nice thing is the card is very small so you can fit a whole system on a single card.  So glad I bought it, very satisfied!  Yes No Tuesday, March 22, 2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The unit is very well built and the buttons are well spaced and very tactile. The unit also has a very high quality sound quality.   It's a bit of a nuisance that it's a lot smaller than the iPod but I do like the fact that it doesn't need a power adapter to be used.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased a few days ago a Sennheiser HD 800 headphones (new condition) to use with my iphone. They sound great. The sound quality is much better than my old headphones and I'm happy with them. I can hear better and with less distortion than with my old iphones. The new headphones are nice. The build quality is great. I like the design. I also like the price. I bought them for $20 each and it's a great deal. The only thing I'm not a big fan of is the sound distortion on the lower treble. For those who don't know, the HD 800 is a headphone that is popular in the high end audiophile world. It's a very high quality headphone. This review will be a little lengthy because it's been awhile since I used a set of Sennhesier HD 800.  However, since I started my review I've become more familiar with the headphones and what they can do.  The headphones are available in 2 different versions, the SE version and the HF version.  The SE version comes in black with white trim and the RF version comes with black with red trim.  I'm going to show the differences in the ear pieces and cables that are on each headphone.  Here are the differences I found in the cable and ear piece: The SE version:  The cable is about 10 cm long.  It's black and a bit stiff but a lot more comfortable than the old ones.  There's a small piece of metal on the other end of the cable that helps it stay in place better.  As far as the earpieces go, the earpiece in the SE model is made of metal and is not as flexible as the ones in the HF models.  This makes the earpads in the HD version a lot stiffer.   I like how the ear pads fit on the ear cups but the RF model is more flexible than the SE one.  For the RF models the cable is the same length as the SE.  To wrap up the RF's, they are very comfortable and sound good.  If you're going to get these, I would recommend going for the RF versions because the ear piece in the RF are not as stiff as the one in the normal SE model.   The HF version:   The ear pieces are made of plastic and are a lot thinner than the ones used in the regular SE
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I'm new to the "real world" of computers, but I really like this thing. It has a nice interface, it is easy to use and it is very responsive. I am also a fan of the new "light bar" that shows when the computer is on battery power. If you want a small, affordable, great sounding computer that won't break the bank, this is a great choice.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great computer I was looking for a new computer to replace my Macbook Air that was getting old. This computer is great. It's fast and easy to set up. I would recommend it.  the only problem i have is the power supply. I tried the best thing i could do. Put a 10amp fuse in the usb ports and the computer wouldn't power up. then i checked the other 2 usb ports it still wouldn't turn on. the computer came out of the box with all the wires i had and was fine. so i checked to make sure all the cables were attached and everything. i pulled the battery and the usb was fine, but when i plugged it back in the computer still wouldn`t power up but when the power went off the usb port started working. so maybe the power strip i was using, or the power adapter was bad. . The other thing i have been having is the audio. it's not bad. it doesn't distort much but i would have liked it to be better. I'm also using my other computer with this one and it works great with this. so if you are looking for the best sound on a computer this is the way to go.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought a second one a couple years ago because I was having problems with the first one. I have had nothing but problems with my original one (i.e. it was not compatible with my iPhone, I had to have my husband help me install it, it was too large for my iPhone 5, etc) and this one has all the same problems. I bought a new one for the second one so it's not as if I wasted my money. The first one had a lot of problems and the battery was pretty much dead after two months. This one is just as bad as the first but a bit easier to install because it has more tabs.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________  This is the best product I have ever bought. I am a long time fan of a few different electronic devices. My only complaint is that it is not possible to charge it using the USB port.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  My iMac runs on iPhoto. I like it better than my MacBook.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for about a week now and its been great. it's very easy to set up and has an adjustable volume which is great for when i'm working and just want to crank the volume up or down for a while. the only thing that i dont like about it is that the usb port that is used to charge it has the tiny screw that you use to hold it in place but the screw is so small that it breaks when you put too much force on it. i really wanted to like this device but i'm disappointed about the size of the usb cable and the fact that it's only one way (not 3 like i thought it would be) and i wish it came with a usb extension cord which i had to buy from a store. i'm giving it 4 stars because of the ease of setup and use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my husband. He is a car enthusiast and I had heard that he was having a hard time getting any good battery replacement batteries for his vehicles. This one fit the bill perfectly. It's easy to install and does the job without the hassle. My husband is glad to have the extra power. We will definitely buy this for future cars and bikes.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item to use with my new computer and it worked well. I use it to surf the net for work and play and I am satisfied with my purchase. I would recommend this item.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ryusho...
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this thing for a little over a year and ive been using it a lot lately. i love the speed and accuracy. i can set it for 1 mile, 2 miles, or 3 miles. if you have to drive more than 3 miles you have it dialed in perfectly. i dont know why anyone would not buy this thing. I have had a lot of problems with the other units, but this thing is better. i'm a big guy, but i'm 6 foot 2 inches tall, so i need this thing to be able to read all the numbers on my map. if they could make a shorter unit, i would buy that.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ It's really easy to use. ------------ I was really excited to buy this thing. ------------- This product is the best thing ever! ------------- It's just like a computer with a touch screen. -------------- It's not really an "electronic device" but just a touch keyboard that I've been wanting for a long time. --------------- This is the way I wish I had bought my first computer. -------------------------- I've just used my new TRS-80 on the Commodore 64. --------------------- It's so easy to work with. ------------------ I love the touch pad. __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned this for a few weeks now.  It's been well received by friends and family and I'm very pleased with the device.     Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great keyboard, great value, excellent service from the UK. I am using the laptop at work and have been very impressed with it. I find it easy to use, responsive, very responsive, excellent battery life and a great sound. The keyboard is very nice, but the function keys are a little odd as you can't type in capital letters. I have been using the mouse as the main input device for the last few days and it is very responsive and the quality is superb. The one thing I would like to see on this product is a way of entering a date in the time function.   Also, I'd like to say that I have received my order the following day which is a big plus as I usually take several days to receive my order.   a bit of a problem when I tried to download a file to a USB device, I could not get it to work, the computer tried to use the USB drive but the connection was not found.   of course this was not a problem with my order and I have ordered again and will not be ordering from you again.   the only other complaint I have is that the keyboard key caps have a bit too many bumps, I've already sent the company a very polite letter asking them to make a switch which they have done.  Great Keyboard, Great Price, Great Service! by Mark N. on 08/02/2018 Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Excellent by Tim M. on 01/11/2018 10:03 AM Was this, was this helpful to a friend. Very happy with my purchase, and will be using this again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am really happy that I purchased this. I bought this because I have a bad hearing problem that I didn't like about my old headphones. I tried all the various types of headphones and my ears are bleeding and hurt when I wear them. This one doesn't bleed at all, and it's perfect. It's quiet as heck and I use my iPhone to listen to music. I love this product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A great product with excellent features and performance. The best portable music player I have ever owned.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a year and i have had no problems with it. It works great. I have a small room in my home where i can place my computer. this has been very convenient for me. I highly recommend this device.   I have had this device for about a year. I had a problem with it a year ago, it started to have a bad hum at the output end. I returned it and ordered a replacement. I received it yesterday and I can't believe how good it is. It is so quiet I don't hear it at all when I use it. The only thing I do not like is the size. But that is my only complaint. I love it!   This is an outstanding piece of hardware. I bought one for my desktop computer and I am very happy with the purchase. It does the job. I am running it on a 15 year old Pentium processor, but this is an excellent product that should not be overlooked.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  The best battery life I've ever had on a tablet I've owned. I've used it for the last month, and the only reason I didn't get another one is because the display needs to be replaced.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!!!! My old computer that has been in my family for 15 years, and now my son's, has a very slow hard drive and a very bad processor. We decided to get the new iMac as it would be easier to use than the old computer. We purchased the iMac to replace our old iMac. The new computer came in just about a week after it was shipped. I have to admit that it did not come with all the features that were advertised. First, the monitor is so small that it is hard to use for most of the time. Also, the keyboard and mouse are not at all comfortable to use. We ended up replacing the keyboard with an older keyboard because the new one is too big. Other than that, I would definitely buy this again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- It has been an excellent purchase from the best company out there. They always make sure to provide the highest quality. I use my KVM to transfer video from a TV to my camcorder. It is fast and easy to use. I've never had any problems with the product or the service.  I was worried that I was going to buy the wrong thing when I saw the description of the device but I was very happy with the purchase. I was looking for something similar to my cable set top box. This was just what I was searching for. It has everything I needed to do what I needed it to do. I am using the remote to switch channels and I love the remote! The only thing I have to say about this device is it doesn't have a picture quality like the picture that you can get with the CableCARD. However it is still much better then the TV I had before. I highly recommend this device to anyone looking to replace their old TV.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new A3x is a good value and great to use with the new Ipod4/3. I've used the A3 in a lot of different scenarios. I use it for watching tv. I also use it to watch movies. The audio quality is great and the battery lasts a long time. I like the fact that you can use it on both your computer and phone. I'm really happy with my purchase. 5 out of 5 stars - I bought it for my wife, and she loves it. It is so simple to use. I have used a lot for work and I have to tell you it is a great portable device for the price. 4 out of 4 stars - The sound quality is good, and the size is great. However, the buttons are not easily accessible, and that's where the "bad" comes in. It can be a bit annoying to navigate your way around with the touch screen. 3 out of 3 stars - When I first used the new iphone 6, I was very impressed with the quality and how quickly I was able to get everything up and running. The only problem I had was that I didn't like the design of the phone. My old iphones are more compact, and they just feel more premium. The iphoner 6 was designed like a phone, and I'm glad they did, but it didn't feel as premium as my old ipod. 2 out of 2 stars - First of all, I have a hard time with this product. The instructions say to use the charger and power it up with a battery, but the instructions don't show you how to power it off of the power supply. I had to use a USB adapter to power off of. This device is designed as a phone. It doesn't look like a cell phone, nor does it look like the other iPhone devices. It looks like a giant iPod. The size is also a bit strange. I would say it's a bit bigger than the iphonest, but a little smaller than the iPod touch. This is not an iphoney. This iphonner is designed like an ipad, not like an ipod. I love the idea of the iponner. I just can't use it because of the instructions.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I really like this product! I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 and it is not a good phone. The battery is just about dead and it doesn't last as long as it should. I use this for music and movies. It is very compact and I have the headphone jack and I can listen to my favorite songs with ease. The only thing that could be better is that the ear buds don't stay in place all the time and sometimes they get lost. This is a very small but useful addition to my electronics collection. I am very happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this about two months ago and it's working great so far. The only issue is that the screen on the left doesn't turn off when you turn the device off. But that's a small price to pay for a very good device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The iLok is a good product. It works as advertised and it is very durable.  It was very easy to use and I had no problem opening the packaging and unboxing it.  I really like the fact that iLoks come with a variety of tools and a lanyard for extra safety.  The iLoki is a great product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The best sound I have heard from the best sounding headphone i have ever used. It really is the sound quality you would expect from the name. This is my second pair and will buy another. I just wish it came with a better cable as well.    Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 3195  Reviewed: 2015-09-20 By:. Hunts. Family pet. David M.   Hunts. Family Pet.  is my favorite brand. The sound quality is great and it's a good value! Thanks.   a few things:   1) When you're ready to buy a second pair, the ones that are not the same color as the first pair (like green, black, brown) are not interchangeable.   the black one is a dark red, and the brown one is black. They do not work.     2) The remote is very flimsy and is not adjustable.   and lastly...   3) The color of the case is not matching.    I recommend these as a great value for the money. If you're in the market for a good sounding dog ear monitor, you will not be disappointed.  :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good little gadget. I have an iPad mini and a laptop. The iPad mini is a little too big to carry in my bag, and the laptop is not quite big enough. This little device works great for my needs. The screen is nice and bright, the battery life is good, and I love that I can set it to auto-sync on my phone. My only issue is the price. I purchased this for $39.95 (the original price was $50). I think I would have been better off buying it for $40 (if it wasn't already on sale). The problem is that there are so many good products out there now that you have to pay a lot to buy the newest one. I also have a Samsung tablet that is a lot better for the price, and it works perfectly. I'm definitely going to purchase more from this company. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I had been using the Sennheiser PC360 for about a year and finally bought this one to replace my old one. I was pleasantly surprised. The sound is a little better than the old one, but I also prefer the feel of the plastic case. The battery life is pretty good, but it seems like the earphones get really hot, but they can't be used for hours at a time. I'm very happy with this purchase and recommend this product to others.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent device. It's a bit bigger than a cell phone, but it fits in my pocket. I use it a lot. It also has an amazing battery life. I can use it for about 2 hours. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well for the price. I've had my iphone for a couple of years and I have never had a problem. I'm very happy with the price and the performance of the device. I've got this iphono on sale so I'm glad I purchased it. It's an excellent value and the sound quality is great. I will be buying more.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The E-Biquity iLoud was a very good purchase. It is very compact and easy to carry around. It has an excellent sound and the only thing I didn't like was that it's light. The only thing that could be improved upon is the battery life.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a gift to my boyfriend and it was very good for a price that he could afford. The quality is great. He loves it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** I just got my Sony Vaio VGN-Z800. I was looking for an inexpensive portable media player, but also wanted it to have a decent sound system. After some research, I decided to get this player. I had a couple of my own Sony players (the Sony CDX-S20) so I was familiar with what the Sony was all about. I have used my Sony CD-X-H20 for a couple years now, and it's been just fine. I figured the Vaio would be no different. The player itself is very light, and easy to handle. It has a nice feel to it, and doesn't get too hot in use. I did have to return it a couple times because the cable would break (the plastic that comes with it breaks very easily). I was surprised to see that the player came with two pairs of headphones. I'm not sure if they were just a bonus, or if they're supposed to be included. The only problem I had with this device is that the battery life is pretty poor. I bought this because I needed a device that was portable, and I needed to listen to music at a reasonable volume. But I had to use my Sony players on a regular basis, so I couldn't really give this device the full review that I wanted to give it. For $200, I'm glad I got it, but I wouldn't recommend it. It does the job, but it isn't the best player out there.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this for about a month now and I really love it. It has saved me a ton of time when I have to do something I have no idea how to do.  Also, I can make my own drinks and food! Rated 5 out of 5 by jmchris from Amazing The best thing about this thing is that you can make a ton and it makes a great little mixer.  Rated 4 out of5 by S.T. from I like the mixer! I purchased this to use on my kitchen island. I use it to make my home made ice cream, my own smoothies, and it can also be used to make desserts. The only complaint I have is that the cord is a little too long and I'm afraid I'll have to buy a longer cord. Rated 1 out of. by Bambi from Don't buy this. It is not strong enough for my needs. I purchased one of these after seeing the reviews and thought I would give it a try. I've used the mixer several times but the mixer is extremely weak and doesn't hold a steady shape for me. The cord is too long for the unit and it doesn't stand up on its own. It's like a cheap, poorly made version of the KitchenAid Stand Mixer. I am not impressed.  Rated 3 out of the 5 by katiemw from not what I expected I am using this mixer to make a smoothie at home. It does a good job. The instructions say it is to be used with a stand mixer and I thought that was the case. Unfortunately, it is not. I can't use it with a regular stand mixer at all. It doesn't even work on a regular old mixer. It was not supposed to be like this. I guess I'll need to use it for something else. I didn't really like the stand, and there were some parts that I was concerned about. I was expecting a lot more from a $20 mixer. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The build quality is top notch and I don't really use the volume knob that much, I use the one that comes on the top of the unit for adjusting the volume of my stereo system. The build quality of the V-100 is superb. I really like the VX-100 and I have been waiting to purchase one of these for about 2 years now. The only thing that I can find to be a bit annoying is the fact that I have to remember to adjust the volume knobs on the unit everytime I use it. I wish that there was an option to change it for the regular knob. I also wish that the volume control on the back of the device could be used to adjust volume on a phone/device that doesn't have a volume knob. Overall the unit is very well made, the audio is great and the sound is crystal clear. I recommend this unit to anyone that has a need for a sound system that is built to last.   I received this unit about 2 weeks ago and it's so far going great. I'm not sure what else to say about this unit other than it's a well built unit. I've had it a couple of weeks now and it has been working flawlessly. The sound is clear, it's very easy to set up and use and the volume is very good. I don;t have much else to add but if you need a good quality, solid built, volume controlled unit that doesn;t require batteries or batteries that are difficult to get hold of then this is it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This was my first real purchase from a vendor who I knew nothing about, I had heard so much about this company and I was hoping to get some of the "great reviews" I had read. I was pleasantly surprised when the package arrived and everything was as I expected. The unit itself is a little large and I don't really have a preference on size, but I do have a large desktop that would fit the unit. The sound quality is great, the sound quality and the range is great. I love it, and I'm happy to have it!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The product works perfectly. I can't believe it, but this device actually works. I used to buy a $200 unit that worked, but didn't even last a year. I've been using the old one, and it's still going strong.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this to use in my classroom for my 8th graders. They are very excited about using it. I do not understand the one star review but this is a great product. It is extremely easy to use and they all seem to enjoy using it for their homework. My only complaint is that they do not come with the instruction manual. If they do, I would buy them again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I got this device because I wanted a nice and portable USB to Audio interface for my computer. It's perfect. I like the way the front panel is designed and how the front-panel buttons work. I also like the built in sound-level meter. It has a good volume range and I haven't had any problems with it. I am using it with a Roland A-800 and the volume is a lot more than I expected. I've been using the Tascam DA-20 as my main audio interface for a long time and I was very happy to see this product from the same company.  Good device but not for the price: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item to get an ipod/camera combo for my dad.  The package arrived in perfect condition and was well packed.    The only thing that's disappointing is that the ipod is a little small but overall this is a good purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The keyboard is great. It has all the keys you need. I bought this as my computer. I don't have any problem with it. The screen is great! It has nice colors. The only thing is the batteries. It is a little slow. But still a good product.  Was this review helpful? YES NO  8 of 10 people found this review constructive.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this for a party that I was attending. It was very easy to use and is great for parties. It's a great alternative to a computer or even a tablet.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice and easy to use!  I have had the device for several weeks and so far so good!  The device has been very reliable.  The unit is small and the screen is very nice!  I have had a few issues, and have already solved them with the instructions that came with the device, but I still think that it is worth it for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The EK-Vardar has been in my system for over 2 years now, and is the only cooler I will buy for my builds. It's very well made, and the design is very sleek and elegant. I don't think I would have purchased the Vardar if it weren't for the price point of the V-cooling loop. I will definitely buy another one if they keep producing them.  Did you find this helpful?  (Verified Buyer)  Michael  5  Reviewed by:from Ohio. on 1/30/2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************* A few years ago I got a small digital camera for Christmas. It worked well and cost very little. The camera has lots of memory and a nice interface. I'm not a big photographer and I am always on the go so it's a great little camera for a quick snapshot. The only drawback is the battery life is rather short and the camera itself is very small and not very durable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************** ***************************** I was looking for a good mp3 player but it was very expensive. So I bought a cheap cheap player on the internet. I did the setup and I like it very much. The sound is great and the quality is great. I wish the buttons are a little bigger but it is a small complaint.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to go with my wireless router and it works just fine! I don't have to mess with setting up the router or anything because it is just there. I like how it connects straight to my router and works well with my network. Write a negative review about an un-reliable or poorly made electronic device  :   It was not an easy choice in this one. I'm a fan of this router because it connects to my modem and I can do all my wireless stuff. However, I was not impressed by the setup process. I had to do it twice and there is a long wait time between each time. I ended up returning it. Do you have any feedback on this review?  Please share any comments in the comments below.  Thank you!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I don't have anything bad to say about this little device. It's really easy to use, has all the necessary features you need, and is easy to upgrade. I've used a couple other digital recorders before, and I like them. This one has a better built in digital display and I love the ability to play back my favorite music. I would buy another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:...............................................  By: John F. on January 30, 2015 Rating:  I like this product. The display is nice, the sound quality is good, and the screen has a good resolution. The only negative is the battery life. If you turn it on to a full charge, it will last for around 3 hours. The first time it ran for 3 hours, it would turn off and it would die. I have been trying to find a replacement for a while, but couldn't find one that fit the bill. This one does. I would buy it again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!  Rated 4 out of 5 by mr_t from Nice product but needs a few changes to get the best from it. I have been using this product for a few months now and it is working great so far. The one thing that bothers me is that the battery life is extremely short and it does not last more than a day. Other than that, great product.  1 out of 1 found this review helpful.  of 1 people found this reviewer helpful. Was this review useful? Yes  of 1 people Found this review Helpful. Was it helpful? Yes
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********  It's nice to be able to connect my TV and my PC. I also bought the wireless dongle so I can connect my mobile phone and my computer to the same set up. I have not used this much yet but it looks good, the box is great and the dongles are great. I am a computer engineer so I know about quality and design, and the quality of the dongs really impress me. I will continue to buy these donglers and other products from this company.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ The XO has a great feature set, good battery life, good audio and good video. I'm not a music fan, but I can enjoy this for movies and TV. I am looking for a larger screen, but the screen is fine. This is a good budget gaming device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ The best way to describe the KK-8 is "Easily the best keyboard I have ever owned." It is so solid feeling and the keys are so quiet, no mechanical clicky sound. The keyboard is comfortable and you do not have to press any keys to change between languages. The keys are a little on the small side and I have a few extra keys so I can still type a bit, but the keys do not feel like they are made for people with smaller hands. I would recommend this keyboard to anyone looking for a high quality keyboard.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SDRplay is a nice little SDR. I have a couple of the original ones (1st gen) and the updated 2nd gen. I haven't tried the new one yet, but it's been a while since I've done any digital radio. I like it, and I have the USB cable. I think I'll be buying one of these every month or two to get the software. The software is pretty good and very easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "The music never stops"   "I'm still here"   (2nd gen)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this little device every day for my phone. It makes a great noise to let you know that it's on and charged, as well as it sounds great and is small enough to fit in my purse. I really like the sound it makes.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great device for a beginner like me, it is really easy to use, and very stable. I've had it for over a year now and it has served me well. I highly recommend this device!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************ This was my first computer, and I have to say that I was very impressed with it! It's very easy to set up and set up easily! I like that it's small and portable, but I can also handle bigger systems! I've also had it for about a month now and I've had a few issues that I've been able to resolve easily. I love the fact that it has two USB ports so I can use my laptop and the computer at the same time! The sound quality is good and you can't beat the price! I have recommended it to a few of my friends and I highly recommend this computer!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I am really pleased with this product. I use it with my HP printer, and I am very pleased with the quality and the speed of printing. This thing is fast, and you can print really nice quality at the price I bought it for.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very simple and cheap solution to the "I can't see a plug on the back of my computer" problem, plus I can see what's plugged in. I'm using it to watch a movie, and it's working great. I was afraid it might not be very good, but it is a good price. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little gadget I like this as a way to charge my phone while watching a movie. It's a bit pricey, but well worth it. It does exactly what I need it to. It charges my phone, and I can use the included adapter to charge any device.  Rated 1 out of5 by Anonymous by HomeDepotCustomer from Great idea, poorly implemented This product is great in theory. It allows you to charge your phone on the go. Unfortunately, in practice it does not work very well. I have a couple of problems with it. First, it is not very powerful. It can only charge one device at a time. Second, it takes forever to charge a phone. Third, the charger does not stay charged. I would recommend this if you need to charge an iPhone or any other device. However, if you just need to get your phone charged up in an hour, then I would not recommend this. I'm sure there's more reviews out there that were good. The point I'm trying to make is that I'd recommend this to anyone that is looking to charge their device but doesn't want to be tethered to a wall outlet.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best keyboard I have ever used. It has more key features than any other keyboard I've ever used, including: 2 macro keys, 2 function keys, 1 function key with function toggle, a macro key for the Windows key, 1 macro key that controls a brightness button, 2 macro/function keys, 4 macro keys with a dedicated control wheel, 3 macro keys that control an LED on the back of the keyboard, 2 key caps, 1 key pad, 2 USB ports, 2 headphone jacks, and 1 USB connector. If you are looking for a great keyboard, look no further. It is also the only one that works with my Windows XP PC. This is definitely the best electronic keyboard I own.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I just bought this product and so far so good. I have not yet tried using it in my home, but my wife and kids are very excited to see it on the shelves. This is one of the best buys I have made in a long time.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 28, 2010  good purchase but no one said it was for everyone  by: David from El Cajon CA USA  Pros: price, size, function, easy to use  Cons: no directions  Review: Great device, very good for the price. I use it in the car to check for battery level. It's easy to program, and the display is very easy to read. I'm pleased with the function. I had to make some changes to the default settings, but after that it works great. My only con is that the instructions say to calibrate the sensor. I've calibrated it with the defaults and it's fine. :)  i like it  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 26, 2010
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I have two of these and they are great. The sound is good, the volume is great and the built in remote is a big plus. You can set it to any of your favorite stations. --------------- Love the sound, no static or hum at all. The remote is great too. -------------- The remote doesn't have any buttons, but it's still easy to use. I use it for all of my radio stations. I don't use it as a receiver because I'm on a computer. ------------- The unit is really quiet. I think that's a plus. It's the only remote I use now, as I just purchased a new receiver and don't need a remote. ------------ I have the new unit and it's just as good as the older one. The only downside is that you have to use the same remote on both units. -------------------------- I love my new unit. I'm using it to listen to the news, sports, talk radio, and even a couple of radio stations while doing my homework. It does a great job. It can even receive satellite radio. The one thing I would change is that the unit is hard to put away because the plastic is very thick. It takes a little work to get it out.  ------------ Great unit! Great price! Works perfectly and sounds great! -------------- Works well enough for me, I use to listen mainly to rock music. The audio is good and the remote works fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent tool for making music! It's simple to use, very powerful and the program is very easy to use. I would recommend this tool to anyone who wants to make electronic music. The only problem I have is that it does not have any MIDI capabilities. It can be a bit frustrating to have to wait for each step to play out to get any sound. I like the fact that it has so many settings, but I wish it would have MIDI capabilities!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use my ipod daily for the music. I'm sure I will upgrade to the ipod touch soon.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the moto x play for about a month and it is my daily driver. ive had a lot of issues with my phone being dead for the past 2 years but after getting this phone i can't imagine going back to my old phone. its a great phone. its really light and not at all slippery. i also love the fact that it comes with a screen protector.  the only thing that ive noticed is that    the battery life   i wish the phone had a removable battery like the samsung galaxy s4 but it is a great device and   im happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The unit was very easy to install. I installed my unit in the back of my car using a universal mounting bracket (not included) and a 12v to 12v power supply that came with the unit. The kit comes with everything you need to install the unit in your vehicle.   It is very easy and quick to use the unit and you can use your car stereo to monitor the sound level without the unit on your dash.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I love this monitor. I love the fact that I can see the screen at a comfortable distance. I do find it a bit more uncomfortable than a typical laptop, but that's because I have a very small hand.   The only downside is the weight, but it's not a big deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The only problem with this device is the quality of the components, if they could do a better job I would recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This thing is perfect! This is the first of the three (4) I am getting. I have never had a problem with this device. I am a very good tester of electronics and this one has no problems. I also like that I can get multiple outputs and it has a headphone jack. I use it on the desk as an extra monitor and a stereo sound system. The only thing I don't like is that the cable is a bit flimsy, but I'm sure I can fix that. It is worth every penny, and you can't beat the price.  I like this:!!!! I bought this to have a small monitor on the computer to work from. I was using a 24 inch monitor and it was a pain to have to keep adjusting it. The unit is very good and very bright. I will get another one for the other computer. The sound is very clear, I have used this on my laptop, and I have also used it on a desktop.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I use the MSP430 as a simple microcontroller for a little hobby project that uses an Arduino Mega for communication and I got my board at a great price from AliExpress. It was very easy to set up and was easy to program. The only negative is that the board has a little bit of noise when the chip is powered up. The chip has the same frequency as the PIC microcontroller but has a lower clock rate. So, it takes about 3 seconds for the clock to go to the same speed as the microcontroller. The PIC is also very noisy. I am not sure if it is a design or a problem with the chip. I hope it can be corrected in the next version of the board.  Noise when it's powered on? - July 21, 2016 - July 20, 2016 Anonymous Reviewed By: This is a very good and easy to use board for your prototyping. It has lots of power options including 5V and 2.5V. The most interesting is the addition of an ADC that you can connect to the pins of your microcontroller to measure the voltage. This is very handy as it is very easy and inexpensive to create a microcontroller using a PIC.  for a small project that is powered by a micro controller the price is unbeatable  good chip, but the board needs a good power source  I use it for a project where I need a very small chip with low power. The chips that come on the board are the most popular ones but there are also chips with a better price.  " I use it to control my Arduino-like board that I have. I need to be able to get information about the temperature. I can use the pins as analog inputs. I use a LM35 that has a voltage divider so I need 2V. This means I need 3V to power the Arduino and 1V to feed the chip to the LM35. It seems that the chip has problems on 5V. I have a problem on 5.5-6.0V and the other pins work fine. The LM35 I bought at Adafruit seems to work fine on 5-6V. But I would buy another one if I needed a 5V one.  a better solution would be to use a chip that has an ADC. I was able to make a very cheap ADC with an FT232RL that I can feed to the PIR sensor and get
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This little device is a great buy!  I bought this because I have been wanting a small device that can run a high speed scanner.  It works perfectly.    The speed and speed is adjustable.  There is a built in screen.  The only thing I would have liked is a better screen.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the Sony RX100 III for a wedding in January 2012.  The RX100II was already out and I thought the newer camera would be a better buy.    In May 2012 the RX100III arrived and I couldn't believe how sharp and clear the photos were.  I was amazed at the ability of the camera to produce these high quality pictures.  There was some noise and some grain in the photos but the camera was so good that I kept it and never replaced it.  I have since used it on the road for a few months and am happy with the pictures that come out of it. The camera has a 1/3" LCD screen and is a bit big but I can't complain.  The battery life on this camera is pretty good and it has a nice zoom range. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is a wonderful product. I am a musician and this has really helped me in many ways. I've used this device for a while now and really enjoy the sound quality and ease of use. I highly recommend this product.  Nice quality: --------------- This is great! It has great quality sound, and a good set of knobs and buttons. It's very convenient to use. It has an easy to read display that makes programming easy. The sound quality is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The first I've owned and I really like the size of the speakers.  Great sound, no distortion.    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best e-reader I've ever owned. I've used an iPad 3 since I was a kid and that was great until it got so big and heavy. This is small and light enough for me to carry with me anywhere. The battery life is great and the screen is great for looking up information at a moment's notice. My only gripe is that I'm only getting 6 hours from this e-Reader.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm using this for the first time and i'm impressed. The sound is clear, good volume, and I love the fact that you can use it with a bluetooth receiver as well. The one thing I did notice is that the buttons are not the same color, as in the picture. They are red. I would have preferred a silver buttons. Also, the battery lasts about 4 hours so you'll probably be using it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************* I had the chance to try out this product at the RMAF (Return of my old computer) and I am very satisfied with the product and service from this site. I am not a technical person but I am a PC user and I have owned many PC's in the past. I own a HP Compaq with a few years on it, and I had it replaced with a new one because of a few hard drive problems. When I was given the option of a new PC or a used one, I decided to go for the new one. I was worried about the warranty on the old one. But after the trouble I had with the old computer, I figured I would go with the new. It was shipped very quickly, and the box was nicely packed. I received it a day or two before it was due. The computer was in great shape and there were no problems when I opened it up. It came with a couple of floppy drives, a hard drive, a CD burner, a modem, and a power cord. There was even a power supply that I can use to charge my mobile device. All in all, it is a great computer, and although I do not know much about tech, I am able to use it well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- My first Sony VCR (for the new millennium) I got it when it was on sale, since my old one is in the attic. The first thing I did was to replace the batteries. The original battery that came with the VCR had been dead for years. The new ones are much better. The VCR itself is a lot smaller and lighter than the one I had. I love the fact that you can use it as a record player. You can play all types of music and it even has a tuner built in. I'm glad I bought it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This unit is a bargain I've had a Betamax and an old VHS cassette player for years and this is a much better unit. It records great and I have had the Sony for several years now. The sound quality is excellent.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this device in March of this year. I was able to use the device to charge my phone and the phone battery was still good so I could still use it to do my regular things. I do not really use my computer for anything besides email.  With the battery I would be able to get 4-5 hours of work out of a full charge and be able run some games.  I have only been using the device about 3 days and it is so nice to be able not have to lug around a bulky laptop or use the computer to do anything. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have used this as a music player for a long time. It's great. The sound quality is great, the volume is amazing and the volume controls work flawlessly. I was worried about the volume being too low, but I am happy to say that the sound is as good as I expected it to be. The bass is great as well, and the mid range is just as great. It has enough inputs to play many different types of music. It is very simple and easy to use, and has many features that are very useful. I use it with a computer, and this is my primary music player. I have no problem recommending it. I would recommend this to anyone who has a PC, but it works just as well on a cell phone as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:..................................................... This is a wonderful little device and a great idea. I am an electronics engineer and I am not a fan of the current setup. I had to buy a new one, so I bought this one. I love it and it is a nice compact size and very easy to use. The built in speaker is good and sounds great. The only downside is the battery is very small. It takes a lot of power to run the device and you can only charge it so many times. I would buy another one if they ever come out with one with a bigger battery.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using my new sony pda 4g for a couple of weeks now and its amazing its light and works well I was using a cell phone but since i have a sony it has become my new phone now I have a cell and I'm very happy with my purchase I recommend this to everyone who has a cell.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The sound quality on this device is very good and the volume is loud enough. The batteries are easily replaced and are a lot more durable than I expected. I would recommend this device for anyone who needs a lot of sound for a low cost.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought this device on two separate occasions and it works well each time. the only problem i have with this product is the battery life, i usually get about 5-10 min of battery life on this device before having to charge it again. other than that its a great product!  Rated 5 out of 5 by JW from Excellent Product I have only had this a short time but so far it is working well and it is very easy to use.  Rating: 5 out Of 5 Stars  Review: Works well and the best part is that it lasts a long time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.................................................... - November 3, 2013  I bought this product to have a portable way to charge my cell phone at night when I travel. It is a great value. - August 30, 2012
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  - The XBox360 is a wonderful piece of hardware. - If you're on the fence about this you have a choice to make- You can have a nice piece of kit, or you can get the 360, and have a great piece of technology, or both. - This is the only thing that can compete with my 3d printer, but it's a very well made product. - I like that the 360 can play all the games I have and can stream videos in 1080p, even if they're not that good quality. - The 360 can't play some games, like Gears of War, because the game is still a bit buggy, but the Xbox One can play it with a patch, which is a big plus. - They make a nice case for the 360. - You get a nice little bag that fits the 360 very nicely.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________ I have had the S6 for a while now and I absolutely love it! This is my third Samsung device. I have a s7, a s8 and a s6 edge+. I've had these devices for quite some time now and have had a pretty consistent experience with Samsung products. I am really impressed with the s6's camera and the battery life. I like that it's not waterproof but I wish that there was a way to activate the flash. Other than that, it's a great device and a great price!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I have been using this product for a couple of weeks now, and I am very pleased. The sound quality is superb, the price is great, and it is very simple to use. I have used many products over the years and this is the only one I would buy again.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned this device for several years and have enjoyed it. It has been a very reliable device that I am able to use for my needs. It is easy to set up, easy to use, and has great quality.  My only complaint is the color, as it does not match my laptop's color scheme.  Read more reviews and compare to other models:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was pleasantly surprised to find the RDA by Smok. The build quality is very good, and it has a good airflow to the wick. I had no problems with leaking as far as I can tell. The flavor is good, as you'd expect from a RDA. I would highly recommend this RDA to anyone that is looking for a good quality, good looking, inexpensive build deck that does not compromise quality for price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this device a year ago, and it's been working great. It's light weight, easy to use, and has good sound. I use it for my home theater and it does the job. The volume is easy to adjust, and the touch screen works great. I have a sound bar that is about the same size and does much the same thing, but I like the way this works better. I highly recommend this device for anyone who wants an easy way to get a high quality sound from their home theater.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The  Pilot One  is a good little device for people who want a small, portable radio and don't want to spend a lot of money on one. It's got a decent range of operation, it's small and it's very easy to operate. If you can get over the size and cost, it'll be a great little radio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This thing is amazing! I have an old Samsung phone and it's very fragile. The one on the right is much better in that regard. This is definitely a great product and I love that you can get one that matches your phone. I bought a 3gb one as it's nice to have extra space. Overall great product that works great!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I have owned many different type of devices over the years, but I think the T1 was my favorite. The battery lasts a long time, the audio is great, and the interface is easy to use. My only complaint is that the buttons and controls aren't that easy to get to. It took me forever to figure out that pressing the space bar changes the channel and volume. I'm looking for a more intuitive device. I wish there were more options to save songs to a flash drive. Overall, I like this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gizmo from I've had this for a while and I love it. The features are great. The interface is very intuitive. The sound quality is great. I've heard better and it sounds good too. This thing is so much fun to use and I'm very happy I bought it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good sound card for the price. It is very nice to hear a decent quality sound. I have used this sound card on a few other computers and computers that have sound chips. The only drawback is that the sound is not very loud. I had to turn the volume up to hear anything on the computer. I also noticed that the USB port was not the same size as the USB 3 port. I would prefer a 2.0 or 1.0. I like the fact that I can plug in any external device and have it work. I do not have a need for a sound card that has more than one USB port. The sound quality is very good. Rated 4 out of 5 by LJ from Works as advertised This card is a little on the pricey side but it's perfect for my needs. It's quiet and works well with a sound system.  Rated 3 out of 4 by Anonymous from Not a winner I use this card to connect a laptop to my tv, which plays back videos. It doesn't do well with the sound, though. The volume is pretty loud but the sound quality isn't great. The USB port is the only thing that really makes it worth the money, so I'll continue to use it but I'm not sure I'll buy another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is a beast. It has a lot of power to throw around and it's loud. I have no problem with the sound at all, the only thing I wish is that the volume controls were a little lower so that the speaker is not so loud, but it is what it is. I've been using it in the office all day and not once has it failed me yet. If you need an external hard drive, this is a great device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best digital watch/clock that I have ever owned.  I have tried several digital watches/clock and this is the only one that is very accurate and has a good battery life.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent device for the price. Very easy to use. I was able to set up a wireless network on a device in about 10 minutes. I also have a router in my house and this allows me to share my connection with my daughter. I would recommend this to anyone who has a home router.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a great portable game controller. It's compact, portable, and the buttons are nice and responsive. The only downside is that it's a little noisy. However, it's not something I think I'd have to worry about all the time.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************** I bought the A4 version of the ZTE Zmax and was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of the build quality. It is very comfortable to hold, has a large enough display to watch movies on without looking like a giant tablet, and has a great keyboard. The camera is decent, and is one of the better ones out there for the price. I've only had the phone for a couple weeks so can't comment on the battery life, but I have yet to have to charge it more than a couple times. The one thing I did notice was that the Zmax has a very noticeable blue tint when you are watching movies. It really shows up and makes the colors look a little washed out. I think it's going to be very difficult to get used to this, but if you can adjust your settings to get rid of it you will be very happy.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gail from Great phone, great battery I've had the ZMAX for about a week and I am extremely happy with the phone. I am not an Android fan, but this phone is extremely user friendly. I like that it comes with the stock browser and Google apps, plus the phone is not too heavy. It does not feel cheap at all. I have not had to use it a lot yet, but it is very quick to get up and running. I love that the screen is clear and bright, and the camera is very good. The only thing I am upset about is the battery, which is very small. This will be my last phone purchase from ZTE. I would like to see them come out with a larger battery, and I hope the screen and camera are better next year. Overall, I love the phone and I would recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This was my first experience with a "professional" product, and it was well worth the money. It was easy to use and the interface was simple to use. This is an excellent product that has really improved my life. I use it with a MacBook Air and it works well. I'm very pleased with this product. Thank you!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a great product for the price. It's a very nice product and the sound quality is great for a portable speaker. It has enough power to be used at a large volume, but can also be used for small voice calls. I was impressed with the battery life and I would recommend it to anyone. It was also a very good choice for the money.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Audio I bought this speaker to replace my home stereo and have to say, it does a great job. I bought it to replace a home stereo which had an inferior product. This one was far better than the previous unit. I will probably purchase a few more for the house, but am glad I bought the 2nd unit. It will last me at least a year.  and I have also used it to listen to music and have a good experience with it. I think it is good for the music, and the speaker quality is very good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this little device does exactly what I needed it to do, and it did it very quickly and in a good way.  The battery lasted for nearly two weeks.   I am very pleased.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this to replace a defective laptop. I liked the ease of setting up and use, and the device looks great. I wish it had a few more settings, like the ability to download applications that were not included. However, this is a good device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I purchased a Sennheiser HD 800 and a Sangean SR800, but I was not happy with the sound. I've heard many headphones that I really enjoy and really like their sound quality. I was extremely happy with these two headphones. The bass is great, but not overwhelming and the treble is pretty neutral. The sound is very detailed and has great clarity. The treble and bass have a slight emphasis on the upper midrange and bass. The high end of the headphone is great and is quite forward, but does not overwhelm the mid-bass and sub bass. I use this headphones for gaming, listening to music, watching movies and listening to podcasts. This headphone is a perfect fit for me, I can go to my office and have a conversation while I play a video game. I will probably not be buying another headphone like these, but will continue to use this type of headphone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I've got a nice set of vintage electronic parts from a friend who has no interest in selling them. These are very well made and work great. I have been using them in my workshop and I've had zero problems.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been using a sony DSC-F550A (a very good piece of gear, I use it on my work computer and it works just as well as my desktop computer) and I was looking for a good little DAC for portable use. I was also trying to decide between the AD700 and the SONY DT-990, which both are very good, but the DT-991 has an excellent build quality and is a better sounding device in my opinion.   Well I have been waiting for a new version of the DSC and when it came I was VERY pleased. The DSC has been improved with better digital to analog converters, a better noise gate, better noise floor, better digital/analog phase adjustment, a bit more output power, more headphone output (1/8th inch plug) and a more convenient USB port. The DAC has an LED for volume level, and an LED that turns on when you start playback.   a bit bigger than the DT990, but that is to be expected. The sound is great, with very good clarity and very clear highs. The only thing that can be improved is the low end. This DAC is great for most users. If you are an audiophile you should be happy with the quality of the sound.     It does not have a headphone jack, but there is a mini to headphone output that will connect to any headphone jack. It has a built in mic, and a 1/8 jack input.  :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for a wireless keyboard for my MacBook pro since i was given my old one that died, i was very happy when i found the wireless one on ebay and got it within 3 days of ordering it. i used the mouse, the keyboard and now i have a wireless mouse for the computer. the wireless mouse is very easy to use and does the job very well. i would recommend this mouse to anyone. the mouse is also very easy on the hands. thanks for a great product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jose from Good Product I am very satisfied with this mouse. I like that you can change the sensitivity. This mouse does a good job of tracking the cursor. I am going to recommend this product to anyone who wants a wireless wireless mouse.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's the same as all the others I bought from this company. I love the convenience and the features. The only thing I have is the light on the right side. It does not turn off properly. It also takes time to change the batteries.  Write a negative review about the device:  This is a great little device. It works fine for me. The light on top of the unit is the only thing that bothers me. I bought it because I like the feature of a "quick charge" which is a nice feature. This device is great. It's so simple to use and very simple to charge. It is a very good device and a great value for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is an excellent keyboard! I was a little skeptical, since I am not a typist, but the layout and keys are very easy to type on. The fact that there are no additional keys makes this keyboard ideal for a number of different projects: music production, video games, and even the occasional web site. I have used this for about a year now, and it still works great. One thing I did notice that the keycaps are not as high quality as the Cherry MX Blues, but it's not a big deal for me. I would definitely buy another one, as I like the layout very much.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the most accurate clock I have ever used. It is also very easy to use. The only negative thing is that the battery life is only 3 hours. I think I will buy the 3 day battery.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a good sounding system. But the controls are all pretty simple. They could have made the controls more clear. I also have the Tama DX7-7, and the sound is much better than the DX7, but the DX is a much more affordable system.   I would definitely buy this product again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************** I had the Apple iPhone 5s and the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. The iPhone 5S was so much better than the Samsung and has a better screen than the Note 4, but the Note 5 is a nice phone and a better overall device. **************************** I am a big fan of the Apple iPhones.  They are always on, always working and always running the latest software. __________________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  This was my first time buying a digital device and I am very satisfied with the product.  I would recommend this to others  Thank you for making this available.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s. Works well, lots of storage, good camera. The only thing I would change is the battery life. It takes 2 hours to charge and the battery will last for a couple hours. I wish the case was thicker. The screen is very nice. The battery life is very good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to use my older computer and its mouse. The mouse works great but the keyboard and the computer are out of date. This mouse is the most convenient one I've found so far, even better than the new one that comes with my laptop. The included software is good and I can play my music from the computer or my iPod, but the only reason I gave it four stars is because I wish it had a better stand. Overall great product, I would buy again.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nordsturner
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************* I was a little worried about buying this, as it's just a small speaker and I had no idea how good it could sound. It really does sound good. It's just small, so it's not a "wall of sound" like a speaker would be. It has a good sound quality, it has a little bit of a growl, but for what it is, I like it a lot. It does get pretty loud when the volume is on max. The only thing I don't like about it is the color is a little too bright, I would suggest going with a darker color.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The sound is just great, its so easy to use and the control panel is easy to understand.!!! I use this product a lot, I have a couple of my older Sony Walkmans that need a tune up.  This unit is just the ticket and I love the sound quality and the ease of use!!!! I purchased the Sony Walkman WAV-HD-1, which I was able to get in good working condition. I purchased this unit on a Saturday morning, and was able (within a day) to put it together. I was impressed with the ease with which it came together.    I had been searching for a product like this for a few years.  The sound quality is amazing.  I am very satisfied with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought the Xoom after seeing the glowing reviews. I am a college student who likes to use my tablet at the library. It works well. The resolution is fine. The sound is great. The only thing is that it does not have a case. I would prefer a hard case with the tablet. The case does not come with a case so that is why I am not giving it five stars. The other good thing about the tablet is the size. I can fit my phone and a game controller in the case.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Excellent product. Works as advertised. The only reason I give 4 stars is because the battery lasted only a few months.  Good product but.... By Anonymous on 5/21/2017   Great product. Only complaint is the battery lasts only 3 months before having to change the battery.  (Posted on 7/14/2017)  Awesome Product By Daniel G on 3/25/2017  Product works well. Not too long, not too short. Works great for the price. ,  Great Product By Anonymous Product was just as described. The battery lasted me a week and a half and has made me very happy. By Chris C on 2/14. 2017  I love this product it does what it says it does  (Posted on 1/14 /2017)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second RCA C-45. I was so happy with my first one that I bought another.  The C-44 is a solid performer.  I use it for the sound I want, not necessarily the sound my ears want.    I'm using it with the Sennheiser HD 598. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  This is an amazing product. You'll be amazed at what you can do.   "Great as a second screen when you're out and about"   -Chris from New Jersey
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------  I have had the SONIC and the B-TAC for over a year. I love both of them. The sound quality is very good and the control is very easy. I just wish I could use the other controls to adjust my sound quality a bit, as I usually do with my stereo system. I would recommend both of these devices. ---------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my broken laptop, I'm very happy with it. I like that it has a USB port and that you can charge the battery on the back. The battery life is a little less than a laptop, but you can run a 3G device (like my iphone) on it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this monitor for my new laptop because the screen quality was so good on the Dell monitor I already owned and I needed something a little more powerful. This monitor is just as good as the Dell, with slightly better resolution, better colors, etc. I'm using it as my main monitor on my new workstation (a Mac Pro) and the difference is pretty noticeable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sennheiser HD600 is a very good headphone. I'm using the B&W version of the HD600 and I like it. The quality is amazing and the sound is good. The sound is very clear and the bass is very smooth and present. I like the ear cups and the headband design is comfortable. The HD600 has a very comfortable and comfortable headband which makes it easy to wear for long periods of time. The Sennhesier HD600 does not have the sound quality of the M50 or the K5's and the M20's but the HD200 is a much more expensive device and it is just as good as the HD598. The price is also very reasonable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* This is an amazing piece of work. The build quality is impeccable and the quality of the sound is beyond reproach. It's amazing how much this little box can do for so little. I have no idea what I would do without it!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 12, 2014  Excellent Audio!  and that is what it is all about!! I have been using my Audio Technica ATH-M50x for about 3 years now and love the sound quality of this portable stereo system. I don't like the small speaker holes so the M50x is a must for me. I am able to use this in the car, at home, and on the go. I like the fact that I can adjust the volume so that it can be just right for the room I am in. The only drawback I have found is that the microphone jack is too close to the ground so I have to be careful not to trip the ground when adjusting the volume. I do like the USB connection and have not had any problems with the connection. I also like that there is an aux input which I use for my iPod. I really like the way it looks in the box and how it's made. It does a great job with my needs.  Great for the price  by Joseph H. from Largo FL USA  Pros: Compact, sturdy construction. I love the fact it has the USB cable so I can use my phone or other devices. I use this on the road and the fact I can control the volume with my phone is a plus. I've also found that it's much easier to control the sound with my iPhone or iPad.  in the past, I would always need a special adapter for my Mac and PC so now I can listen to my music on my computer and then on my Mac. It also comes with a mini usb to mini USB cable to allow you to use your portable computer as a music player. Great value.  I have had a few issues but that's because I'm a perfectionist and don't want to make a mistake with my purchase. I'm now enjoying my audio system even more. I just wish it was a little cheaper.  of course, the only con I have is the small hole in the mic socket. I had to make it larger with a flat head screwdriver.    Was it helpful to you, yes/no
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  A little is better than a lot, as the saying goes.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a fantastic buy for my wife who has suffered from constant ear infections and ear problems from her high school days. It was so convenient that she could take the day off and still have her books with her. The only reason she gave it 4 stars is because the speaker is a little weak and the volume control is slightly flimsy. If it were a bit stronger it would be perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a great product. The sound quality is superb, the battery life is good, and the battery is rechargeable. This is a must have device for the home or at a hotel or the office. The price is fair. I would recommend this to anyone who has a laptop and a good speaker. I wish I would have gotten one a year ago.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The Samsung Galaxy S8 has some great new features that make it stand out from other Android smartphones. The camera is better than expected, the new S Pen is a must have for those creative types, and the new virtual assistant Bixby is a really cool way to interact with your phone. The only downside I found is that the display has some issues with glare and glare in general. I bought this phone primarily because it is very inexpensive, and there are some great features that can make it a good choice for most people.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* It's been about a year since I bought the iBook G4 and I have to say, I'm a convert. Not because of the hardware itself (the screen is really nice and very bright), but the software and the ease of use of the software that Apple built into it. There is an amazing amount of features to be found on the iBooks store, some which are really cool and some which aren't. But the thing I like most about the iBiblio is that it's very simple. I have no problem searching through my books on the store and I'm not looking for an application that will do all the searching for me, I just want to look at my books and pick the one I want. For me, that's what the ibooks store is all about. And then, of course, there is the price: for $100, it's a steal! And I know it's going to cost me over $300 to get a new iBook, but it's worth it for what you get.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use my iPhone 6S daily. I use the phone for music, video, etc. It's great and is extremely durable. The camera quality is good as well. I just wish the battery life would last longer. I usually have it with me for about a week. I have a few complaints about this phone. First is that the speaker isn't very loud. Second, I'm still not used to the new way to charge it. Third, I don't think that the camera is very good. I don not know if it's the new camera that has so many features, but I can't take good pictures with this phone when I have it turned on.   If you are considering buying this phone, it's worth it. The screen quality is amazing. The cameras are good. The battery life is great. The price is good. If you don't like the camera, you can get a different phone for $50-$60 less.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I bought a wireless Bluetooth keyboard for my Dell XPS 13 and it is amazing! I love that it is so compact and portable. I also love that you can pair it to my bluetooth keyboard so I can type at the same time. This is the best device ever made for this price point!  I have two of these and love them: ************************* I purchased the Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard and have used it on both my Dell laptop and my Apple iPhone 6 plus and they both work great! I also use it to write emails on my Dell computer and it works great! The keyboard is a little small, but it is comfortable to type on and you can adjust the size if you want a larger keyboard. I would recommend this to anyone! -Logan from Wisconsin  Best keyboard you can buy for under $100: ************ This is my 2nd wireless keyboard from GeekBuying. I had the bluetooth model but it was too big for my laptop. I needed something smaller but also cheaper. This one is perfect. The keyboard itself is very compact and very easy to use. The quality is great and I am very happy with my purchase.  -Chris from Washington  Wireless Keyboard is a Must have: ------------ I bought the wireless keyboard to have a keyboard for both my work and home computer, but I don't use my work laptop. This keyboard is just perfect for me. I use my laptop mostly for gaming and surfing. The size of the keys is great, the wireless connection is perfect, and I'm very happy to have it. It's my first wireless keyboard and I'll be buying more from Geekbuying. .  "The best wireless keyboard I have used." ****************** I love my new wireless keyboard. The keys are nice and large, and the key action is very smooth. I love the red LED lights that give a nice visual indication that my keyboard is connected to my computer. My only regret is that it's not a wireless USB adapter. I bought it because I wanted to use my desktop PC as a wireless keyboard for when I travel. I was so disappointed to find that the keyboard has no USB port on the back. I'm sure it would work, but there is no way for me to use it. I think the wireless option is great because I can use my computer on the go with my phone in my pocket. I hope they eventually offer a USB port for it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this after the great reviews and reviews that I saw on Amazon and it came really fast. I was very happy with the speed of the shipment and the quality of the device. I had a couple of problems: first the power cable was too long and it was hard to plug it in. Second, the power button is located at the top and I have to keep moving the phone around to find the button. Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 18, 2011  Best Phone!  by A Customer from Santa Cruz CA USA  Pros: Best phone on the market  Cons: None so far  Review: I've owned several iPhones but this is the first I've ever had a good experience with, both in the quality and the speed. I've had it for about a month now and it is still as fast as it was the day I got it. .  and I'm not a heavy user. I mostly use it for my social media and email. The speed is great and it charges fast.  on my first use, I used the phone as a desktop computer and then I got my phone out and used it to get a couple emails and some documents and it works great for that as well. I'm going to get the iphone 5 when it is released. The price is great as well  So far, I'm very happy. ,  Good phone, nice design. But, I bought it for a reason, and I didn't get it. By the time it's out of stock, I will have no need for this phone.  of all the phones that I have ever owned (well, I've used about 20 in the last 10 years) this is by far the best. It's very quick, responsive, and has a great battery life. I also like the fact that it's very simple to use. Just plug it into your computer and it's ready to use, no driver or software to install. I love that it comes with a USB cable to use the phone on a computer. So, it's a great phone if you're looking for a great deal. I'll probably have to get another one soon because I'm sure the price is going to drop. It doesn't take up a lot of space and looks very nice, which is what I was looking for. But for
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a great product. I'm a photographer and I have been using a number of electronic cameras. I found this to be a very well made and compact camera that takes nice pictures. It has a very small footprint and is easy to carry around. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first iStick. I have a Samsung Note 4 and it was great, but i just bought the iphone 4s and this iphones better. It's awesome and i can do everything on my iphonelaptop.  It also supports my xtara and iphony.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ I was very impressed with the ease of use and the versatility of the unit. The unit is easy to operate and provides great sound. It is a great value. The sound quality is very good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this as a Christmas gift. I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the S7, and this thing is AMAZING. It's the perfect size for a single phone, it's very well made, it has a great screen and it's super fast! I use this phone a lot and I love it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have had this product for a while now and have been using it for over 3 years. I bought a second one because the first one is worn out and the wires come undone. I am not a pro but this thing works great and is a nice sound.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Very useful. Just wanted to let you know that my son was very happy with his new Sony X900C. He is a big fan of the X800 and X800D, but has always wanted to get a Sony. This one is perfect, and very similar to the X900D. The X900 is a great camera, and this one is even better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  The best thing that has ever happened to me is the ability to have a music library on my iPod, without it being an iTunes thing.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and i am very satisfied. It is the best device ever made for the price. The only thing i would suggest is to have a USB adapter so you can connect it to the computer. This is an excellent device to use as a portable game console, with the added bonus of being able to run games on a TV screen. It has a nice sound and works well. The battery lasts forever. The games that i have installed so far are great.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Zippy2bk from A nice portable gaming console. Very happy with the unit and the ease of setup and operation.  the one thing i like about it is the portability and the games are great,  i like the fact that the games that it can play is a lot of games. -R.i.p. .  in terms of performance and the price you cannot beat it.  a must buy if you are on a budget.  on the first day i got it i went to my friends house to play a game and i saw that it was on a tv. so i took it out of the package and it was the best thing i ever did. i put it on the tv and played the game and then i went on the computer and started playing the game. and then it came out of my computer and i played it on my tv. its so fun to play games. so if you like a good portable device to play your games and you have a lot money and don't want to spend a lot then this is a good choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is the first time i bought an external drive. This one works great. I am very happy with my purchase. It is a little slow for me but thats because i am not a speed freak, i am a file manger. I have no problem using this to backup files and i would recommend this to anyone that wants to backup their files. I'm still learning what i am doing but the ease of use is great. You can also connect to other computers to back up and transfer files to the drive or even transfer files directly to the external drive using a usb cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The build quality of this device is very good. I bought it to replace my original iPhone 3gs, and it works flawlessly. The sound quality is superb and the battery life is great for a device of this type. The only thing that I dislike about the device is the fact that you have to pay $99.99 to get a 3.5mm to headphone jack adapter. I'm pretty sure that you could get the adapter for free from the Apple store.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It is a very good portable speaker, the best I've seen so far. The sound is good, bass is clear, and the bass is a bit tighter than I'm used to. The microphone is good too, but I'm a big fan of the one included in the kit. I love my speakers and these are a very nice addition to the studio.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The battery lasted a very long time and I was able to use it all day.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, October 18, 2014  I use it for the whole day  by Mark from Sacramento CA USA  Pros: Excellent battery life  Cons: Can be a little hot  Review: The battery lasted for about 6 months. It's a great battery and I use it as a backup to my battery-operated radio and GPS.  and I love the fact that it is a solid state battery as opposed to the internal battery. I have a couple other GPS's and I don't miss the internal batteries. I'm very pleased with this product.    Was it helpful to you to report this review?  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: Good for travel Cons: I have been using this device for years, and it has never let me down.   I have used it in the desert in a tent, in a car in the middle of nowhere. I've even used it while camping at my parents place. It has always done it's job, and never let's me down with it's performance. It is a great little device, and I highly recommend it. ,  was this review helpful toyou? YesNo
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is my first keyboard. I bought this because my old keyboard was broken and my daughter wanted something to do with her hand. I had a lot of trouble with my old one so this one was very easy to install. The key caps are made out of nice metal and are a little thinner than the ones from a regular computer. The only thing I have to say about the layout is the function keys are a lot more difficult to use than the numbers keys. The function keys for the backspace key are on the top row. The one row above them has a lot less keys than the back row keys so it's hard to tell what you're pressing. The numeric keypad is a little larger than the one on my other computer, so you can only use a couple keys at a time to make up for the space. It takes a while to figure out what the numbers on the keypad are for so I don't use it much. I've had this for a couple of weeks and it's great. It's not as easy to type on as the IBM Model M, but it's still pretty nice and you can type just fine.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images Dimensions 13.1 x 8.1 inches Manufacturer McMaster-Carr Country of Origin United States  This item is eligible for returns by the owner. Customer Reviews (1) The keypad was easy to set up and use. The size of the key pad is about the same as a regular keyboard but it has the function buttons on the left. This makes it easy to get your fingers in the right position to type. I like the fact that the keys are slightly smaller than those on a normal keyboard.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good product, I bought it because of the price and the fact that it came with everything you need. You have to install a micro usb cable to your phone so that you can charge it. This is a great product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********************** I bought this item for my son for Christmas as he was having a hard time with the phone not being able to connect to a computer and the fact that the screen doesn't turn on at all. This thing is amazing and i have not had any problems since. I'm glad i went with this one instead of a computer monitor. Also, the screen is beautiful.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  I bought this unit for my son's bedroom and he loves it. He has been using it for about a month now and I have no complaints about it. I had heard some bad reviews about the noise level but it's not a problem for him. He's happy with the sound quality, the fact that it's compact and doesn't take up a lot of room in his room.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This is my first time buying an iPad, but I was surprised that I liked it. The display is crisp, and it is not heavy, so it's easy to carry around. The iPad has many good features: it's a really good camera (the pictures I took with it are worth the price of the tablet), it has many features that make it easier to use than a laptop (it's small, so you don't have to lug a laptop around, and the screen is easy to read), and it can easily sync with your other devices. I can't really complain about anything else: it just works. I like that it's not a "big" device, but it's nice to have a smaller one. I haven't tried to buy the bigger iPad, because it's so expensive, but the iPad Mini seems to be the way to go for me. I'll be buying another one to give to my parents when they get older. I hope that they like it too! I have a Macbook Pro, but since the iPad is smaller and lighter, I don't think I'd buy it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is a great device. I am so glad I bought it. It works great. I had no problems with the wireless connection. The only issue I had was the charger was a little bit more expensive than others. I would definitely recommend this device to anyone. I hope you guys will get a chance to review the other models. I will buy this one again and recommend it to my friends. Thanks! -A Good Buy ---------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first time ordering a high quality product from the store. I have no complaints. I will buy more. Posted by Kody at 5:34 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this  and it has done well so far.  The device is pretty heavy and doesn't move around as much as the iBook but that's not really a problem.   As for the touchpad, I found it to be pretty good.  If you are looking for a good  eBook this is not it, but it's pretty good and well worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have a pair of these earphones. They sound great and are easy to listen to on my stereo. They are a great buy. The only thing I would change is that they have an adjustable bass and treble adjustment. I would like them to have both of these settings. I like the bass on the bass side and trebling on the treble side.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for about a year now, and it has been a reliable device that I use for both my work and home computing. I bought it because I was looking for a portable, but sturdy keyboard. It was well made, and the keyboard is nice and quiet. I like that the keyboard has a separate control panel. The keyboard is also backlit. Overall, I love it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! The battery lasts all day on a single charge.    The only problem I had was that it took longer than usual to charge the battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for a portable music player that can play music on the go. This is it! It's small and light weight. I can easily carry it in my bag when I go out.  It's so portable it fits in my car. The music player has great sound quality. The controls are easy to use. Â The remote control is really nice.    The only con I have is that it doesn't have a rechargeable battery, so it needs to be plugged in. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am so glad that I got this little gadget! The remote control on it is nice. It has a nice light to it. The battery is soooooo small! The sound is great! It is so convenient to just have a remote control for the TV. I really like this product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ I just bought this to replace my previous laptop. I love the fact that I can use it in airplane mode, and that I no longer have to charge the laptop every night or every weekend. My only complaint is that the keyboard is too small. I have big hands and can't reach the keys on the right side. I also have an old keyboard that I have had for a long time and is a bit larger, and the key spacing is better. But I do miss the smaller keyboard on the old laptop. If I could only buy one for my laptop, I'd probably go for the old one. But this is a great replacement for my old one and a great upgrade for travel.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:................................................... The sound quality is great. I have not tried the other models in the line yet. The speakers are very good. The device is a nice size. The only complaint is that the device is not very durable. It has been dropped twice on a concrete floor, with no damage to the speaker. I would give it 5 stars, but I would not recommend it for people who have a lot of high end speakers around their house. I bought this for my wife. She has high end headphones and can't hear the difference between them and the cheap speakers.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I'm glad I purchased this device. I'm an engineer. I need a way to measure the power I'm using. I bought this device to do it without breaking the bank. I have a 12 volt system. This one is good. ---------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this thing for about a month and have had no problems. Its fast, cheap, and its nice to know that there is a back up. I've only used it with my iPod, but it will be a good backup for me to be able to have a way to transfer my music.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  -Tried out a few other cheapo laptops before I found this one (had to go to Wal-Mart and pick it up, I got it on sale, but it still wasn't good enough for my needs) but it worked well enough to get me through my work day.  The only thing I would change about it is the built-in keyboard - it's not that bad, but not the best I've used, either.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this iphone for about 2 months now. it is an amazing phone! i cant get over how well this thing works! i have used it for school and work, as well as i am a student. its just a great phone. i cant believe how good it is for the price. i would buy this again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great little unit, the sound quality is great and the battery lasts quite a while. I also really like the fact that it can be charged with a micro usb cable, it has 4 hours of battery life and it works just fine, I use it with my i3, and it has great sound quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the Mavic Pro 3 and love it. The camera has a very good design and I like that the lens comes with the camera (instead of having to buy a separate lens). The drone is very easy to fly and is very stable in the air. I bought the new 3 camera version and the 3D model is awesome. You can fly a wide angle or a super wide angle. I'm really happy with my purchase! I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a new drone and would like to get it for a good price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got my iLounge for Christmas in December and I have to say I am very pleased.  It is a very good product, easy to use, very quiet and very easy to set up.    Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Quiet, quiet, quiet The iLok is a quiet electronic device, however the fan is not quiet.  The unit works great and it does not bother me that it's so quiet. It's very easy for me to install and is very quiet. I have the iLite and the i3 which are also quiet. Rated 5 out of5 by Anonymous user from Very Quiet - Very Versatile I was very pleased with this product. It was the perfect addition to my new system. I had the ability to monitor the status of my system as well as adjust settings via the iLight control panel. It worked flawlessly. The unit is very well made and the control panel is easy to understand. This is a great product. I installed it in the kitchen and it is perfect for that area. It is small enough to put in the pantry and has a great volume to it. The sound is not as bad as I thought it would be but still quite audible. The only problem I have with this is that the fan doesn't spin fast enough for my tastes. It takes too long to cycle the fan to full speed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device does a good job with a lot of features. I had to use the usb cable to use a computer. The software works well with the computer software, and I like that there is a way to use it on a PC without the usb. I also like the fact that you can use the program on a smartphone. It's really nice to have the ability to have a program I can use on my PC as well as my mobile phone. I have not used the touch screen yet but I am sure it will work well. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase. Great purchase, I can't recommend it enough!  I bought this about a month ago and love it. It is easy to use, it's portable and I can run it from my computer with just a little bit of work.  It's easy to clean as well!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this because I was going to buy an iBook but was looking for something to use as a replacement for my iphone. This is great for both the iphones and ipods. I've got mine in the dark so that it can be easily used as a computer monitor and as a portable entertainment system. If I was a bit more skeptical, I wouldn't have bought this.   However, I think that the quality of the build and the features this device has is more than I can ask for. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It was so nice to have a computer again. The first one died within 2 days, but this one had no problems. I am still trying to figure out how to program this computer but I have been able to use it for several months now.   I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to get a computer that has a little more power than a cell phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My iPhone 4s is amazing.  I use it to listen to music, check e-mail, look at my calendar, and even browse the internet.  I was very worried about purchasing the wireless headphones because they are wireless, but I am very happy with the quality.  The headphones have the quality I expected from Sony.   I also love that they come with a carrying case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a good device, I've been using it for almost 3 months now and it does the job it's supposed to do. It's a little bit bulky for my tastes, but it's perfect for my needs. It does a lot of things well. It has a lot more features than I would like, but that's the nature of electronics, and I'm willing to deal with that. I don't really have a problem with the battery life, it lasts about a week with heavy use. I really like the fact that it's wireless, and it doesn't need a charging cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I purchased this headphone on a whim, thinking that it would be a nice addition to my music collection. I've been using my Audeze LCD-2 headphones (with a separate amplifier) for over a decade. I love them, but have recently grown weary of the fact that they get so much noise from my computer and the air conditioning in my apartment. These headphones are the first to me that are able to block out a lot of that noise. They have a fairly large, warm sound, with a nice midrange and deep bass. The mids and highs are clear and detailed. I do miss my LCD-3's. However, I do appreciate the price difference between these and the LCD-4's. I highly recommend them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This little device does exactly what it says. I bought this for my 2 year old daughter who has a hard time with other children's toys. This device allows her to be on the go and still be entertained. The instructions were a bit difficult to follow but the instructions were very clear and she does a great job. The remote works very well, and my daughter's favorite feature is the little plastic bird. The only downside is the plastic shell that has some play in it. That said, the toy is very easy to clean. The fact that it can play music (with my daughter playing the music and the remote) is also great. I would definitely recommend this to other parents who have children with special needs.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the tm200 for the past 6 months and its really great. ive got a few things on it that i like and it is still going strong. i wish they would make one for the gt-x because its a better looking device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I bought this to replace my computer monitor and it does the job perfectly. The sound is good, the monitor is light and very portable and the design is very nice. I highly recommend this device for anyone who wants a very nice looking and portable monitor.  Rated 5 out of 5 by B.H. from Excellent product for the price. The quality of the monitor was great, the portability of the device is great and it was easy to set up. I have only used this product for about a week but so far so good.  the only thing I did was put the screen in the back seat of my car and use a cord to hang it on the dash of my truck.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The first thing I do is unplug this device! I have to keep my old one charged at all times. I'm really happy that I made the switch.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the T1 Pro and it's just what I was looking for.  If I was going to buy a T1 again it would be a T2 because of the better features.   I purchased this product with the intent of getting the Pro.  I like the size, the size of the touch screen.  It's so small that you can only touch a few buttons.  This is very good for a small tablet because I'm just going to use it for my entertainment.  My favorite features are the ability to have two instances of your music.  You can listen to both songs on your T1, but you can also have them on your other devices such as your ipod, iPhone or ipad.  The other features I love are the battery life, the screen and the ability for the music to be in the background.   I also really like the ability of the music on your phone to play through the tablet.  All in all I would definitely buy this product again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this monitor in early December and I love it. The color is perfect, the picture is crisp and sharp and the brightness is great. I love the fact that you can have the option of using it as a computer monitor or as a monitor that is connected to a TV. The remote is nice and works well and the picture quality is amazing. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought a  Nokia Lumia 1020, and after a few days with it, I have to say it's one of the most reliable   devices I have owned. I haven't had any issues with the     device, but the battery life is excellent.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this device as a replacement for my old one (which died) and I love the fact that the buttons are larger and have more feel to them. The buttons work great, but one thing that is a bit annoying is that when the battery is low (around 30% of charge), the screen will go completely dark. It would be nice if there was a little light indicator so I could tell when the device was low. Overall, I love this item and I will be buying a few more for my other gadgets!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The Sennheiser Momentum is a very good headphone. I am very pleased with it.    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was looking for a good compact GPS device that could help me in case of an emergency. I bought this for my husband and he is very happy. The only thing is that the GPS receiver is not as clear as it should be. But, overall I am happy with it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The only reason this product was discontinued is because of the fact that it was discontinued in a few of the newer colors.   This is a good device and I recommend it for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this device a few months ago and it's great. The battery life is awesome and the screen is bright and clear.  The only con I have is that the screen does sometimes go dark after about 15 seconds when playing a video game.    I can't really complain since the price is great for the device. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent Product I have two of these in the house, and they are great. I love the sound quality. I like the ability to play music on it. I just wish it was easier to connect to a bluetooth speaker.  Rated 4 out of 6 by Anonymous of Austin from Good, but not perfect I've had this little guy for a few weeks now, and I really like it. It's nice that it has two speaker ports, and it sounds pretty decent. I also like the way it has a volume control, but the power button on it is a little too far away from the speaker. I do like that it charges quickly, and that it comes with a USB cable, which I've been missing lately. I'm hoping that it can charge via a standard micro-USB port, but I'm not sure that's a good idea. I also have this in a different color than my other Bluetooth speakers. I think it's nice and light, and the blue is a great contrast to the black of my other speakers.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best bluetooth speaker I have used, it is loud and very clear. It is a little more expensive than some of the others, but it does not make up for the quality. It's not very loud and the volume is a bit low for my liking, but I still use it as my main audio source. It has very good range and I don't think it is too loud or loud enough for any sort of listening, but for casual use it is perfect. I love the fact that the speaker is a single unit and does not need a separate power cord to be used with any device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a bit of a gadget nerd, so the fact that I was able to get the same battery life and sound quality as my Sony Walkman was quite a surprise. I have a Sony W500 that's great, but it doesn't hold a candle to this little device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!   Great device, works fine.   It does what I want it to do, but the only reason I bought it was for my mom, who loves to listen to the radio, and I wanted a portable radio that would do it all.  .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Samsung Galaxy S8+ is great.  It's got a great camera, great battery life, a nice design, great performance and a very fast processor.   I'm a little bit sad that I can't get the fingerprint scanner on the back but at least it's available.  Also, the Galaxy S7 is available for $300 less.  It's a great value, especially for a flagship phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my iphone 6 Plus. I'm so happy with it.  It's a great phone.    It's an amazing camera and its a great music player.  I would recommend it to any one who wants an amazing phone with amazing camera. Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------  The quality is great. I have the 32 GB version and the 64 GB version. It is fast and the quality is good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________   This is a really great piece of equipment. I've had this for a few months now and I absolutely love it. The only thing that really bothers me is that the button to turn it on/off is on the back, so I have to push it on the front before I can turn it off. It's not a big deal, but still a little annoying.   All in all, I'd highly recommend this device for the price. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles that other more expensive units do, but for the money it is a great little device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is the best device I've ever owned! I was very happy to find a device that works well for me. I'm a writer, so I need something that works on a laptop, but that can also be used on my phone. I was worried about having to replace the battery, but it only took about 30 minutes to get the new one on. I do wish that the battery would last longer, but I'll live with that. I love how easy it is to change the settings on the device. The price is also very reasonable. Highly recommended! I'm not sure why it took me so long to find this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ***********I bought this from the US to bring to Canada and the packaging is great, the batteries are cheap but good quality, the device works great for me, the sound quality is ok, the remote is ok but it is a little bulky, and the buttons are hard to find but a few hours of searching online and I found it! *****
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had a long term commitment to this little machine, since the first day it was in the mail. It is just as easy to use as the other models and just as well built. I have a Sony VTC5 but this has a larger LCD screen and the sound quality is better. I love the fact that it can play a lot of music at once without my having to flip back and forth between the CD and MP3 players. I can't comment on the battery life but I have not had to recharge the battery at all since it came with a 3 year warranty. It would be a great buy for someone who wants to add some more musical features to their MP3 player.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great. Great to use and easy to use. It works as expected.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was really surprised with the performance of the AVR-S3.  The DACs are well made, and the output was really clear and clean.   It's not as detailed as a high end portable player like the SACD player, but still really good for $80.  Rated 5 out of 5 by John R from Great DAC I am a long time audiophile and I have a large collection of old music.  I was looking for a DAC that would be easy to use and good sound.  The S3 is very good in both areas.  Sound is very natural and very clear.  It does not have the best bass of all DACs, but for $60 this is a great value. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The sound quality on the i7-8700 is fantastic. The noise canceling really makes this a good gaming sound system. I have had a few computers before this but nothing comes close to the sound quality this has. The speakers are also pretty good, though not quite as good as the sound of the i5-8250K I have. I've been running this on the second floor of my house with the TV in the living room and this is the only sound I have been able to get from the computer and my speakers.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my third iMac and my third computer. The computer itself is very nice. My first one was a late 90's model. The graphics were not up to par with the rest of the system. This computer is a lot better than the last one. The screen is large, the keyboard is great and it has a nice backlight. I also like that the computer has a DVD burner. I'm getting a lot of movies on it now and it works great. The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because it is not very well designed. It is very hard to use the volume control. I've got a few CDs in it and I can't use the remote control to change it. I think that it's a very cool piece of equipment but I'm disappointed in the design of it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my new ips and a mini for about a month now. i love them!   I like the idea of it but my problem is that it isnt very easy to use. the first time i used it, i found a small piece of plastic that was hanging out of the side. so i cut it out with a small knife and reassembled the unit but when i did that the unit started to work fine but now when i turn it off it wont.   i bought it for my kids so they could play computer games and it is good for that. but if i were them i would get a different one.   of course i would like to see this unit work properly with the new ipod touch and new iphone 6.   a good unit but not great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! This product is awesome. My kids are all using it. We have had to use it to turn off the computer when the batteries go dead. So far, so good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have had my Sony A65 for about 6 months now. It is my daily driver and my go-to camera. It's been a great camera. Great quality and very versatile. The battery life is great, I get 3-4 hours shooting on a full charge. It works great as a point and shoot and a laptop as well. The features are great, too: Auto exposure and auto focus, good zoom, good quality pictures, great sound and audio. If you are looking for a high-quality camera with a lot of features at a great price, this is it. The only negative I have is that the auto exposure is not as good as I'd like it to be. The pictures are great when the lighting is good and the ISO is right on. It does need a manual mode though.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from Excellent for the money I was pleasantly surprised with this camera. I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a full size body. This fits the bill. The body is light but not flimsy, the camera feels solid and is easy to use. It took a little getting used to the manual focus as it is different than the auto focus but after that I was very pleased. . The camera comes with a 2 year warranty which is nice. It was a bit frustrating to be forced to use the "manual mode" to take photos but I can see that this is a feature to be used sparingly in order to get the most out of the camera. Overall a very solid camera.  (Posted on 6/19/2017)  Good buy! I love this camera! I was hesitant about spending this much for a compact, but I was really surprised at how well it handles. I use it for a few different purposes, such as my Canon G9 X, and this camera is just as capable, but with a much smaller body. It also does well in low light, which I have found to be a problem for some compact cameras. I have also had no problems with the auto settings, although I do have to switch between my G9X and the A65 a few times a week for the occasional shoot. The A65 has good flash, but not as much as I wanted. The manual mode is very limited, but it is still good for me. I like the fact that there is a mirror in the back, so I can use it with my mirrorless system
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the KEF Q900 for almost 2 years now, and I'm extremely happy with the sound it puts out. This is my first digital amplifier, and my first DAC, so I know a lot of things can be improved. That said, this amp is fantastic. I have an older KEF amplifier, the X009, which is very capable, but the Q900 is much more consistent and cleaner. It has more bass, which helps when playing bass heavy music. I'm very impressed.  Read a negative review about the Kef Q900: "This is a cheap piece of crap. I've had a KEF K1000 since it was a K1000. Now, it's a K600, but it's just as bad, if not worse, than the K1000."  "I'm not even sure what this amp has to offer. I tried the old KEF 600's for a few years and they always sounded better than the new Kef 600's." 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!This is the best computer I've ever used. The battery life is amazing. I've used this for about two years now and I still have a lot of things to do and it still has quite a few hours of power left. I am very happy with my purchase. It is well built and the build quality is great. The only thing that I wish it had was the SD card slot so that I could easily copy files to my desktop or my iPod. It's a nice device but it just doesn't have the storage capacity that I would like.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** This is the first device that works for me. ******** It has a lot of power and I can use it for many hours. **************** I have a very bad memory and my computer is old and has no battery so I was really excited to find this device and it works great. ********************************** I use my computer for work and school but I was so disappointed with the memory that I was having trouble with files.................................... This is a great product................................. ************ ************************ I love it ******************* ***************** ************* ******** **************** ********* ****************** ********************* ******************** *****************  Rated 4 out of 5 by John from I use it on my laptop, I've only used it on one computer and the battery is good, but it does have a bad sound and the memory is very low so it's not a good device for long-term use, it's nice to know it's there but not really useable  I have a Toshiba Satellite laptop that's running Windows 10. It has two USB 3.0 ports, a USB 2.0 port, and an SD card reader. I have tried all kinds of USB memory sticks over the years, but nothing I've bought has worked well. I'm always having to plug in a new one, which is expensive. Then I came across this. It's compact, has the capacity to hold about a dozen of my SD cards, and is lightweight. The only reason I gave it a 4-star is that the memory stick I bought doesn't work. It simply won't recognize the drive or the memory card inserted. I will probably have to buy a new memory stick or the one I have, which works perfectly, but that is a pain.  This is my second Toshiba memory card reader/charger. It is well built and sturdy. I used it with my Toshiba 13.3" Windows 10 laptop and the computer works great with my 4GB card in.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Pros: Works very well! I used it to make a few simple songs.   Cons: Nothing bad, just a few small issues.   and it is also small   The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the remote doesn't come with a mic!   I'm looking to buy the 2nd unit for a new project I am doing
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new iphone 7 is much better than the iphones 4 and 5. It is much more reliable, easy to use, and it has a better camera.  This is the best iphon i have used.  It is really great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:..................................  Great product, fast shipping! Review by Jason  Value Quality Price I am a professional videographer, and my current camera is the Hasselblad Xpan. I recently purchased a Hasselbald Xpan camera, and it's been a joy to use. I have had no problems at all with my camera. The Xpan is very easy to use, with the proper setting for each camera, so it works perfectly. I'm very pleased with my purchase, and will definitely be buying another Xpan when I need more video equipment.  Works great with my Canon Rebel XTi Review by Jules  Quality Price Value I love this camera. It is so small and light weight. It also works really well with my new Rebel Xti. Great purchase!  Love the product Review by Dwayne  Price Value Quality This is the perfect camera for me as a professional video maker. Its very easy for me to use and its super light weight with a small size to it. Its great for when I am on location or even if I am shooting a private party in my house. I am so happy with this purchase and I highly recommend it.    Very happy with purchase Review by John  price Value Quality I bought a Hassell Xpan 3 a few weeks ago and it has been great. I bought the camera for my wife, and she is very happy with the camera.  (Posted on 9/16/2015)  Does exactly what it says Review by Anonymous  value Quality Price Bought it on Amazon as a present for a friend of mine who's a photographer and he loves it. So much better than the other camera he's got. -Posted on 8/20/2015  Awesome Camera Review by Justin  Comfort Price Quality This camera is great. It has a lot of features that you can use for different situations. It's very easy on and off. I love that I can take a photo of my family, and then use my phone to take a video. The light weight makes it easy to take out on a hike or even to the beach. It comes with an SD card which is perfect for my phone. I like that I don't have to carry around my camera with me and it is so light weight I can carry it around without it getting too hot. It shoots very good video as well. I haven't had it long enough to tell if it
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It has worked great.  I have used it twice now, both times to do my taxes and it has worked flawlessly.    I also bought a couple of extra cards that came with it to add to my collection.  The only thing is I had to go to the store twice to get the right size adapter, and they cost $1 each.  I will definitely be using this again, as I am a busy person, and it is nice to have my own money in my pocket.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second  CD/DVD player and I like it a lot. It's simple, easy to use, and the sound is great. I use the remote for the CD player and it works great.  The only thing I can't stand is the CD itself. It can be a pain to get it out of the player and into the CD case.    Great Sound for a Great Price:   The   price   is great   and I recommend this   device  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Excellent item for a great price. I like the sound quality of the speakers. This unit is very easy to use and connects easily to the phone. I'm a fan of the wireless charging. I will purchase this product again. I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best bluetooth speaker for the money. It's loud, the sound is great, the volume is perfect, the speaker is loud, it's battery life is very good. The only thing I don't like is the fact that it only has a microphone in it. It would be great if it also had a 3.5mm audio out jack as well. I wish I could give this speaker a perfect score but it is a little overpriced for the quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I love this app. I love it because it is easy to use and has the best audio quality I have ever heard. It has been almost 5 months since my last pair of headphones and I am very happy with this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this for my home office. It is perfect for my needs. I'm a software engineer and I use a USB keyboard, mouse, and a few monitors. I've used my computer for years and had to replace it for a few reasons. This was the only one that I could find with a power jack and a HDMI input. I like the size and weight. It was a little harder to get to than I expected, but it's a small problem. I had it for about a month before it died (on me). I have it set to power off after 30 minutes of no use, but when I put it back on it immediately went into recovery mode and went into a sleep state. When I put the device back into the USB port, it was on but the display went black. I unplugged it, turned it on, and it booted up normally. I have to say that it works well and I have no complaints.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned two of these and both have worked well.  In fact, one is still going strong and the other has just recently died after being serviced.  I'd like to see a couple more options in this range, but they are not bad products for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I bought this to replace my original laptop which is not really a laptop, but a workstation. This thing is so much better!   Pros: Very nice looking.  Super fast.  the keyboard is nice and responsive.  of course, the trackpad is amazing.   Cons: nothing really.   the only con I have is that the wifi isn't very reliable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had it for a couple weeks now. i got it for my friend who wants a computer for her daughter and she loves it. the battery life is awesome. i have a computer of my own but this is a very good computer. the buttons are easy to use and you can program it so it will do what you want.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this as my main player and it was very easy to set up. It is an awesome value for the price. The sound quality is amazing and the volume control is very handy. I would definitely recommend this.  Rated 4 out of 5 by michaelduncan from Great sound, great price! The sound is great and the controls are very intuitive. The only negative thing is that the cables are very short so you need to have the mixer on the floor for a few moments to insert the cables into the mixer. Otherwise great product, worth every penny!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!   Best laptop I have ever owned.   I purchased this laptop for my wife as a gift. I have had many laptops in the past but this one was very good. The screen is bright, the performance is very good, and the battery life is good. It is not very heavy so it does not take a long time to get through a movie. The speakers are great too. I am very happy with this laptop.  . I purchased this in May of 2015. It has been a very good laptop and I have put a lot of time into it. I really like the design of the computer as well. It just feels right. I also purchased this for my daughter and she also loves it.   I bought this for a good price on sale.  , I purchased the laptop for myself to have a good looking laptop. I had no idea about the extra features of this laptop or that it comes with an extra hard drive. I was not aware that I needed to add the extra hard drives. I'm not sure how they were able to do it and it works great. I like that this laptop comes with a good sized keyboard. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a computer to do everything from college studies to work. I don't have a lot to say other than it is a good computer and has a lot going for it.  I've owned two of these, and have two more in my wish list. I love the large hard drive and large screen. I used to use a Mac Pro but I decided to get a laptop because I wanted to have it all and I like being able to work on my phone. The processor is very fast, and I've been having trouble finding a good processor. I bought a Haswell Core i5 and it's really fast. The keyboard is nice, but I wish the keys were backlit. I've had the same laptop for a while, and it hasn't changed much. I just bought the second model. The first one was a lot smaller than this one. I still love it and am happy with it. The battery life on this is good, but you have to keep an eye on it and make sure you keep the brightness high.  (Posted on 3/22/2016)  The Best Overall Laptop This is the best laptop I've ever owned by far! I've owned a couple of laptops, both of them were terrible. The Asus
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I have bought two of these units, one for my wife and the other for myself. I like the fact that you can have 2 units in a small case, it has good weight to it and the price is good. If you like having the ability to make a small electrical system that is portable and quiet, then you will love this unit.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ I am really satisfied with the product. The battery life was pretty good (1 hour and 30 minutes) but it was definitely a bit longer than the advertised one hour and 45 minutes. The only thing I didn't like about the product was the sound quality. I found the volume to be a bit too low but it is very quiet. Overall, I would definitely recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ This is a great unit. It works perfectly with my iPad 3. It is very easy to use. I have a Macbook Pro that also runs on a wireless connection. This is very nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my work and it is awesome. I have never had a problem with it and I do all my work on this and have had no problems with it. I would definitely buy this again. I like it a lot. I use the keyboard to type and the mouse is my mouse. I also use it as a bluetooth mouse because it is the easiest to use. I am really happy with it :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best digital camera I have ever used. I have used this camera for many years. It is very reliable. This camera is a great choice. I use it for video and it has been very good. This is my favorite camera. I am very happy with it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by michael from excellent camera I bought this camera to replace my old Canon C200, which was a fantastic camera but had a problem with the exposure control. I had to get the camera in the darkroom to find the exact exposure. The old C200 didn't have a built-in meter. So I went to another camera to find a meter. The EOS 60D was great for what I needed. The images I got from the 60D were sharper than the old C-200 and had better color reproduction. I was able to make better-looking prints by using a darkroom. The only thing I would like is to have a remote switch. It's a little hard to find when it's in the bag, but I think I'm going to buy one.  of the 5) to 5) stars I have owned this camera since June, 2014. It has been my go-to camera for over 10 years now. It was the first digital camera that I ever bought, and I still use it to this day. It does have a couple of flaws. The battery is a little weak, but that's a small price to pay for such an amazing camera. The flash is a bit too bright for my taste, but other than that I can't fault it. I highly recommend this camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------  The V2 works great and it is so easy to use. I can easily see the difference between this and the original V1. The buttons are larger and a little easier to use compared to the original. I've already recommended it to several of my friends. The only downside is that the battery life is very disappointing. I bought a replacement battery and it lasted only about an hour of continuous use. The price is reasonable and the unit is well built and easy to operate. I would buy again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The AVR-S9x is a very good, high quality module that you can't really get anywhere else. I have a lot of analog modules and they all have one big issue, noise. The AVR was designed with the idea of having a little noise to add to the signal to add a little extra noise to the analog. If you are using an AVR for your audio, this is a must have for you.  I use mine on my Roland SH101 which has a 4-track recorder so I have the flexibility of using both AVR's on one unit.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using a couple of years and i like them. the only problem i have is that they come out a bit hot when you get a really good charge from them. The best thing about these batteries is that you can just charge them once and have them ready to go in the middle of the night. i recommend these batteries for anyones who wants a good battery that is not as expensive as the other ones.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  T. H. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************* I have had a number of these and the best so far is the original one, but the new one is better than the first. I bought this one on sale for $79 because I didn't like the other version. This one has a lot better quality control and has an LED indicator on the display that is easy to read. I've also noticed that the sound quality is better and the buttons are a little stiffer. The price is right for this one. It's also worth noting that the original version of this one was a better unit than the second version. If you're looking for a nice, simple device that doesn't make a lot of noise, you can't go wrong with this one, and for $99, it's a very good deal.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it was on sale, I had seen it in a store and thought it was too good to be true. I'm glad I bought it, I have been using this since I bought my computer. The software is great, the sound quality is very good. My only complaint is the screen is so bright that I have to turn the brightness down a bit to be able to use it in the dark. But other than that, great product, well worth the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The sound of this product is very good. The only problem i have with this is the battery. It only last about 6 hours before it is completely dead. If you are like me and only use the phone for calls and texts, then this is a great buy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very pleased with the Eee Pad Transformer since I received it a few days ago. The device is well built and the sound quality is good. The size is great, especially for the price point. I have been using the E-Pen since it first came out and the transformer is no different.  There are many other options that are much more expensive and have many more features but the E Pen has been a reliable product. I'm very pleased and will continue to use this product as long as I can. ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The first thing I did was get the cable to work, and was really pleased with it. The quality is good and the battery lasts forever. I have 2 of them. Great product.    Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from I had a broken printer and this one is great... I had. A broken printer that was not working so this was my solution. This was a great buy, well made and I would recommend it to anyone. I can not wait to buy the rest!  Review of DJI Phantom 4 Professional Quadcopter Review by Anonymous
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the H3v3 to run my VCR. It is so quiet and I can plug it in to charge it from any computer with a USB port. I've been running a TV in the basement while the HV3 runs. It's nice to not have to worry about having a cord in the back of the TV.  It does not have any kind of LED light, but it is much quieter than my old TV and has a little more power.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing that I did have to get used to was the size of the box. I am 5'2" tall, 150 pounds and I was so happy that the case fits me just right. The buttons are all well designed and easy to press and I have no complaints about the design at all. I will say that I wish the batteries were in the box because I have to plug in my device at night to charge and the batteries do not stay charged overnight. I bought this for my wife who has arthritis in her hands and is always on the move. It is perfect for her because she does not have to be afraid of something falling off the wall and being destroyed. It comes with a power adapter and it is perfect because I can charge her phone in the same room. I would recommend this product to anyone that has a home office and is constantly on the go.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a very nice device and it works great! It has a built in microphone and a speaker. It has 2 buttons on it to start/stop music. It's nice to have a built-in mic as it was a bit annoying having to carry a portable audio recorder everywhere. The other nice thing is that it has a headphone jack so you can listen to your music and talk to someone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 24, 2015  Great little device  by William from Los Angeles CA USA  Pros: Compact  Cons: None  Review: This little portable mic is very compact and works well. I like that it's rechargeable and has a USB port.  a must have for anyone who works or lives in a noisy environment. . ,  Thanks for your review J&J Audio!  ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It is a great device to take pictures in low light conditions. The LCD is great to read the display and the controls are simple to use.  Have no problems with this product  by J. F. on 08/23/2015 byon 08/22/2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second i7 in my family. I had a previous version which died on me in the second year of owning it.  The new one seems to be a solid performer.  It also runs cool enough.    The only con is the power cord that comes with the computer is only 6ft long. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the first time I have ever bought an mp3 player. The price was a little high, but that's what I get for buying new, and with it being an older model it has more storage than I expected. The design is nice, and the speakers are great, not over the top. I'm also very happy with the sound quality. I listen to most music on the radio, and on my iPod, so this will be great for me as well.   As a reviewer I have to say, this player is a little heavy for my taste, but if you're used to a smaller player like my iPod the weight will go by fast. Also, you can use the controls on the front of the player, which is a plus. It's also possible to play the music from the internet, but I haven't tried it yet. Overall, I would recommend this player to anyone who has an mp4 player.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first pair of earphones (and I've only owned two other pairs) and I'm so glad I finally got a good pair!  They are a great value at a good price, and my wife really likes them.  She says I can go for a full hour without wearing my other earphones.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- ------------------------- Pros: -The built-in battery has great battery life -You can adjust the brightness easily to your liking -You get to play a little game while you wait -The microphone works well -It's small and lightweight -It comes with a spare battery Cons: -It has a built in mic that does not work for me -You need to put your phone on the stand for it to function -It does not have a built- in flashlight -The charger is difficult to use -You have to use the included USB cable to charge the device -You cannot attach the battery to the device as it is not designed for that -The charging cable needs a lot of work on the charging cable -It is not compatible with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as it doesn't have a Lightning port (as some people said it has) -The speaker is too quiet -The LED lights can be hard to find -The screen can be bright if you have bright eyes  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nyctech
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using a Pc  PCS-LITE for some time now, I have owned a laptop before and had to give up after a few years due to the lack of performance. This new device is better than my laptop, the screen is brighter and more bright. I have been having trouble with the sound, and it seems to be a common problem with Pc lites, but this one seems to have a fix for it, it is working well. I love this device and I would highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this since i was a teen, it was the first mp3 player that worked well, it had the same features as my old player (like cd player) but it was cheaper.   My mp3s still work fine, but the usb port is a little weak. it also needs to be connected to a usb cable to charge it. if you have a computer that has a usb port, i suggest you get a usb dvd drive instead of the usb hub.  - if you dont have a usb hub, you can connect it to a computer using a usb card reader or using a computer's USB port (not sure if that will work, just use the USB port)   Overall, i am happy with this player, and i have only had it for a few months, but so far, it has done a good job of playing music.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a good piece of hardware, very small, and the battery life is good for a portable. It's a nice device to carry around.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really like this keyboard. It has the standard features that you would expect in a modern mechanical keyboard. The key travel is quite good and the action is smooth. The keys are a bit too large, but for a mechanical keyboard that is quite reasonable. I really like the extra keys, especially the space bar. I am not a fan of the function keys but there are a few other features I like about this keyboard that makes it an excellent value.   Pros:   * Great key travel.  * Good quality. , Nice backlighting, Good spacing between keys.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had my doubts about purchasing this item due to the fact that the first time I used it, I had a very difficult time making out the letters on the LCD screen (not a problem with my other LCD). But when I used the same unit again, I could get it out of the case and use it without any trouble. The only reason I gave it a 2 is because I wish it came with a micro SD card reader, but it does come with a USB to SD adapter. The screen was clear enough to read without the micro SD adapter, and the touch screen worked flawlessly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.............................................  by Anonymous on May 19, 2012  I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 in late March of this year, it's been very good so far. The first month of use was great, but the battery started dying in early April, but I found the battery replacement solution for it at an online store. I would say that the new battery is pretty good, but it's a little tight to hold the tablet up to my eyes, but overall it's good.  If you have a Samsung Tab 3, you should try the replacement batteries if you can, it is cheap and very well done.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing tool for those of us with limited space or who have limited electrical skills. I am on the verge of purchasing one for my son for Christmas. I will definitely be getting another for him! Nice tool. But... This tool is awesome for when you want to do a lot of work without looking at your toolbox. The plastic handles are great for working with and holding the tool. The little plastic bits can be useful to hold your tool if you're not using it all the time, but I think it would be more helpful if the plastic bits had a little bit more depth to them. Also, the plastic parts have a tendency to crack if you hit them hard enough. But the tool is a great investment.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my pd10 for about 3 years now. i bought this one in the first year of owning it to replace my old pd7. i was a little hesitant to buy a portable pd but after a little bit of time i figured out why people loved it. i love it for the battery life and the fact that it can do a lot of things. i can take it anywhere, play music on it, use it as a portable bluetooth speaker, and even charge it when i need to. i just purchased a second one to use as a pd6. i hope the battery lasts the full 3 years.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********This device is an absolute pleasure to use and has all the functions one could want. Great value for money. The sound quality is quite good. The only thing that could be improved is the battery life. A day or two of playing around and you should be fine. Overall, a great buy. I have been a customer for about a year now and can't thank them enough for providing such a great product. I am now an authorised reseller and will be recommending this product to my friends. Thank you so much to the staff at the store. I will definitely be back for more."  The Sound quality is superb, the controls are very intuitive and the sound quality really is superb.  Great quality, excellent performance, and excellent value.  (Posted on 8/19/2015)  My First Review: I bought the unit because I wanted a good quality sound board and wanted to do my own recording. I had the idea to put my computer on a USB port to make it easier to use. I found this very easy to set up and it works like a charm. The first thing I did was to install the USB cable. I also bought the free program for Mac and PC, Ableton Live Lite. I then installed Ableton Studio (a free program) and that helped me get a good sound on the board. I like the fact that I can change the volume and panning of the board by using my computer's mouse. The quality of the sound on this board is good. I recommend this product. (Posted in December 2014) , (Posted 10/13/2014) . Great quality, great sound quality. I bought this board to use on a home studio computer and I'm really pleased with the sound. (Reviewed on 5/11/2014).  I love it! I bought an Asus board for my PC as I've been looking for a board with all the bells and whistles for a long time. I'm extremely happy with the quality of sound that this board produces and its ease of use. (Comment on 5-3-2014)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the first time I used a digital thermometer.  I have a Thermometer Pro Plus which is a nice unit, but this one is a lot easier to use and easier to read.    I have a big family and I had to figure out how to measure the temperature of all of them without getting out my trusty paper and pencil.  It has made life so much easier!   Posted by  Randy P at 3:30 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!! I am very happy with my XS650W! It's been over a year and it still works well and looks great! I'm also very satisfied with the service. I called in my concerns with the first issue and it was resolved immediately. My replacement unit arrived within a week and the original was returned to the store. I am happy and the quality is awesome. I would recommend XS to anyone!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I'm so glad I bought this. It's an all in one device that has everything. It is easy to use, it charges quickly, it has a great speaker and it has great sound. I'm using this for everything now!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this amp because it's advertised as a preamplifier, but the manual and reviews I've read say that the amp doesn't really do this. I did have a few problems, but overall I am satisfied.  The first problem was that the cable was not properly sized.  The amplifier has a 5 pin input connector and a 1/4" input jack.   The cable is too short to fit the input jack correctly.  Also the 1/2" output jack on the amplifier was bent and the connector was loose on the jack. The second problem is that it does not fit the 5 pin connector correctly. The input jack is a bit short.  I have used a jack with a 1 1/8" plug that fit perfectly.  A 1/3" cable would have been a better fit for the jack on this unit.  Overall I would have preferred a more robust cable and I will return it to be exchanged.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for about a month now, and it is perfect for my needs. the sound is loud, and the buttons are small enough that they dont annoy you when youre trying to do something with them. the software is very simple and user friendly. the battery is the best Ive ever had, and even though i use my tablet almost everyday, the battery never dies. if you want an affordable tablet for your desktop computer, this is the one. i dont think you can beat it for the price. and for $99 you cant go wrong.  Rated 5 out of 5 by James from Works well and is light I have been looking for a tablet for a while now. I have a small to medium sized laptop with a 10.1 inch screen and i wanted a smaller tablet for my home and travel. This one fits the bill. The size and weight is great and I do like the way the buttons on the sides of the tablet are made. I do wish that it had more storage but it is what it is. I bought it for traveling with my laptop and the size is perfect. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that the screen is small. I am a big guy (6'4" 225lbs) and the screen on this is about the size of my old desktop monitor and not even a little bit bigger. The back light is not very bright. I also wish it had a microSD card slot. The battery life is about 3 hours. The software is simple to use. I use it on my laptop to read books and emails. It also works great to surf the internet with my phone. I wish there was a keyboard option.  for the money you cant beat this device
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I bought the unit on a whim. The price is very good. I got it for my son to play with and now he is playing with it too. It's very well made and works well. I have not had any issues with the unit yet. It does the job.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This thing works!! The product works as advertised. I had been looking for a new baby monitor for a while and this was the perfect fit. I can't imagine buying a cheaper product. The battery life is great and the remote is easy to use. I'm looking forward to using it in the future!  Reviewed by K.B. from Good price! Good battery life. Good remote.  is a great purchase for the price and works as described. The remote is nice as well as the remote control to control the monitor.  of this monitor  This product is excellent! I love the remote to change settings on my home theater. The only thing I don't like about the product is that the screen has a blue color tint. Other than that, great purchase  Review of DJT-X9-1 by DJT Customer Service
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I really like this gadget! It has everything I need for my music, and I can play a lot of music with it! I was really surprised by the price of the thing, too. It's very nice for the price. The only downside is that it's a little hard to use on the small screen, but you can get used to it. The microphone is pretty good as well. I'm looking to get a wireless Bluetooth one to play with, but it would probably require an external microphone, but hey, that's what you get with a good gadget! :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My old one finally died. I bought this one and it works great. It's an excellent value.  Excellent device, excellent price, no issues with it. -John A.   I love the device. I like the sound of the bass and the way the sound is consistent throughout the song. The sound is not too bright or too dark.  and it's a good value for the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! I bought this item to use to listen to music and when I first opened it I was very happy to see that it was made by an audiophile. I love the sound of the music but the sound quality is very good. It takes a long time to get the songs to come in but it is worth the wait. It works great. I would like it if they made a model with a longer cable that goes down the sides of the phone. It seems like a good idea.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I have been using a Sennheiser PC 350 with Sennhuf 3 cable and am extremely happy with it. It is well built, fits nicely in the palm of my hand, and has great sound quality. The cable is very good as well. I have a pair of Shure earphones with the same cable and they are very good, too. This is a good product and a great value.  Rated 4 out of 5 by dschneider from nice cable with good sound I use it to listen to a wide variety of music including rock, metal, hip-hop, classical and more. The sound is quite good. The only downside is that the cable is quite long and not really in a convenient position.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ The sound quality of this product is very good. It is very clear and well defined, but you cannot really hear what is being played because of the high quality of the speakers. It's a great sound system, but if you want to listen to your music you will have to set up your speakers yourself. The microphone is a very good quality and the sound quality is very much better than most phones. I would recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a very good monitor. I have the 27" model and it is perfect. It has great colors, good response time and great audio quality. It is a lot more expensive than other 27" monitors but it will last a lot longer and I think it is worth the extra money. I can't wait to get another one.  Did you find this helpful? 3 of 3 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Chris R.  in PA  5  Reviewed by:from PA. on 4/13/2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  The buttons and knobs work as they should and the volume control is great.  I am very pleased with this purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my  Sony MDR-1000X.  It's a nice sounding device.  I find the quality of the audio to be great.  The only thing I would like to see is a way to use the remote to control the volume of the sound.   I think it would be very useful if they could do this in the future.  If you want an audio device to replace a radio, this is a good choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I just bought this to go with my laptop. I was really excited about this purchase. I have a couple of other laptops and it has never let me down. The only problem I have had is when the keyboard starts acting up after about 2 months of use. It's not a big deal because I get it fixed. It seems like it's happening more and more.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I'm so happy with my new computer I ordered this from the manufacturer and it arrived quickly. It is so cool that you can put it down and walk away from it. You can also do things like take notes and read it later. The screen is really bright and is easy to read. I'm just going to get another one for my other computer. This is a great product, especially for the price!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I was using my new G4 from Sony a few weeks ago when my brother got a new tablet. I decided to give the G4 a try. The G4 is amazing. The touch screen is amazing and the battery lasts forever. The camera is also amazing. I love the camera on this phone. I can take pictures and then post them on my Facebook. The other good thing is the phone is very light and you don't need to charge it every day. The only thing that I don't like about the phone was the screen. It's very dim and has a blue tinge. I would recommend this to anyone. It will last a long time and is a very good price.   Pros:  -Great battery  --Excellent touch screen  –Great camera  Cons:  the screen
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great value for money A couple of months ago, I bought a Sony PSP1000 to use with my Sony VAIO computer. I was quite surprised at the quality of the unit, and how much it cost. I found the PSP1000 very simple to set up and configure. I could not be more pleased with the unit. I'm currently using the unit as a USB soundcard to use in my Sony Vaio notebook. The unit is very easy to use and connect to. I have no complaints about the unit at all.  I'm also pleased with Sony's support.  The PSP1000 has a good sound quality and works well as a computer soundcard. I recommend it for anyone who needs a simple and inexpensive soundcard, and who likes the convenience of a built in computer sound card. I have had the unit for about 2 weeks now and have yet to have any issues. I am very happy with the purchase and I am now looking at a few other items from Sony that I would like to buy. I would definitely recommend this unit.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's good, I love my iPad 2, and I love the size of this. I like the larger screen as well. It's easy to read, especially if you have a small room or are at a table.   I use my iPad for movies, music, and reading. This is my first computer and I've had no problems with it so far. It is small, so I can't use it at my desk.  , but I have never used a computer with an SD card, so this is a good thing.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: _________ I love my phone but this thing is great. I'm a big fan of the Galaxy S4, and this phone really takes advantage of the new specs and hardware. I love the way that the S4 looks on my new screen. The camera is great, and the battery is great and very durable. The S5 has a great screen, and I am really happy with the battery life. If I could only have one device, this would be it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: **********I bought this for my boyfriend and he's been loving it. The sound quality is better than the one my iPod was. I do wish the volume knob was a little smaller but otherwise its great. I bought a new set of batteries and have them running all the time. Thanks to all at Sony.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael from Very nice sound quality! I am a music nerd and this is a great sounding speaker. The only thing I wish it had was a volume control so I could adjust the volume to my preference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this device is awesome. I've used this a few times now and it's just great!  I like that you can control the speed of the motor and the direction of the drive.  There's a great selection of colors to choose from and I think it's a lot of fun to play with.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really like this.  My main gripe with the other earbuds I tried was the way they clamped to the back of my ears.  The N-Pads  have solved that problem and they stay in place while listening.  Also, I love that I can take them out of the package, take them with me, and keep them with the rest of my headphones.  This is the best value I have found for the price and I'm definitely going to buy another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The first thing i noticed when i saw this is the light on the front. It's like a flash light. And i like it. Its a good looking light, the light is strong and good to have. And the way the lights come on and off is good, easy to use. I also like the fact that i can charge it from the backside of the device. And also the fact you can use the battery with the back of the unit. I like the battery size, and the fact the battery lasts so long, but the screen is a little low quality, and it's a little hard to turn the screen on or off. The buttons are a little big and hard to push. Also the device feels really cheap in the hands. But its a good little gadget.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the K-01 because I needed a backup in case the primary died. I also bought it as a backup because I live on a remote island. The K-02 is good too. The batteries are larger so you can store a lot more than one at a time, it's a little larger so it will fit in my backpack. The sound quality is great.   My only complaint is the cable length. If I was going to buy another, I'd want it to be a little longer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:................................... A great piece of kit and a great value. If you like this kind of kit then you will definitely like this one.  A great starter kit for your music collection. : This is my second HIDI-E. I got the one in yellow. This one is the same as the yellow one except it has a USB-C port. It is very nice. I have been using it with my iphone 5. I don't think it works very well with the iphones but I will see how it works with the apple watch. I do think that this one is a good deal. The one in black was a lot less.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit I got is a good starter unit and the build quality is good.  It is very easy to use and the audio is good, not great, but good. The unit has a good build quality.  This is a nice portable device and can be used to run a small computer.  I use it as a computer for my son and he is able to play games and do math.  The only thing is that it is small and has a weak battery that lasts for only a few days, but that is not a big deal. Overall, it is a very good device.  If you are looking for a portable computer for kids this is the one to get.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son, who is a big gamer, as an inexpensive way to give him a gaming device that is very portable. He is very happy with the device, especially as a video game console. It is easy to use, has good features, and is easy on the eyes. I also found the sound of the game to be better than any of the other devices I've tried (i.e. the PS3 and the XBox 360). The only thing I can say bad about it is the price tag of $80.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a nice device, but I have to admit it's not perfect. I don't use it very often but I've tried using it on a few occasions. I've always had to hold down the volume button to hear anything and it seems a little loose and flimsy. The batteries are good and they last long but they are a little hard to insert and use. The controls are a bit weird because it is really hard to get it to go where you want it. I have the blue one and it doesn't seem to have the volume control on the bottom of it so if I want to change the song I have a hard time getting it to change. The battery life is very good so if you have to listen to the radio all the time I would probably buy a more advanced one. The worst thing about it is the battery life! It has been a while since I have had an issue with it but I am starting to have problems getting it through the day. The blue battery is a little less expensive and has better battery life so I will give that one a shot. But this one is a deal breaker. The design of the control buttons is very awkward. The buttons are small and hard to use. If I had the money I would go for the black one but I would not buy this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a really great product!   I have used the same one for about a year now, and it is the only one I can buy.   It's the best quality, and the batteries last forever.  I love that I can change the battery out at any time I want.  The only negative I have is that I have to charge it at least once a week, and you have to be careful with the charger. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this to replace a bad one that had no flash. It is the first flash I have owned that works well. I do have some other issues, however, which I will discuss later. I was looking at the others that came with the camera, and this one looked the best. It had good reviews and I wanted to try it out before buying the others. The camera is a little difficult to set up (it took me 3 attempts before I got it to work), but it gets the job done. I have used this with my Canon 1Dx for a few days now, and I am very happy with it. I don't think I will be buying a flash with this camera, but I think I can get a good one. I will probably buy one more with my other flash.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I bought this device to replace a cheap one that I found in the garage. It was good at first but then my ears began to hurt after about a week. I had to send it back to the store where it came from and now the replacement is out of stock. I'm going to go out and buy another one to use for a while until this one goes out of supply.  Good product, but beware: ************ This is an excellent product. My first purchase, I am very pleased. I use this on a portable audio system that I bought for my son. The quality of the sound is great and the sound from the microphone is very clear and crisp. The built in speakers are loud and clear. I am satisfied and would recommend this product.  is a good value, but I wouldn't buy it: ******************** I purchased this item as my first portable mp3 player and I am VERY pleased. The sound is very good and the mic is very sensitive. I have yet to use it on a real device, but my first impression was great. The only thing I didn't like is the fact that it's so small. The cord is a little long so I had it connected to my laptop, but if you have to have a full size player, you might want to consider a larger one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! Very nice, very powerful and efficient! The sound quality is also very good, even in low volume. I really like the fact that it's rechargeable! I bought the blue version for my car and I like that it does not have a battery. The blue version is also a little brighter than the red version. It's nice that it doesn't need a wall charger and I use my phone for everything, but I'd prefer if it had a rechargeable battery. It also has the ability to play music via your car speakers. So much better than just playing music through your car stereo! The only thing I don't like about this device is that I don' like to carry my phone with me and it's difficult to charge it, so if you plan to use it as a car speaker, you may want to invest in a charging station. If you're looking for a good and simple portable speaker, this is the one. I don´t know what else to say, it's the best!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________ _________ _____________ __________ _______________ ______________ ___________ ________ ________/___  I bought this because of the low price and the fact that it can be plugged in anywhere. The unit works fine and it's the only way to play a real CD player! I had no issues with it so far, it has worked for several years without a problem. It is nice and small and the controls are nice. This is my first CD player and I love it. I'm not sure why they make all of their electronics so cheaply but I'll be keeping this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have this little device to control the TV and audio systems in my house. I like it so much that I am considering buying a second one!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a good device for the price. It is a great quality product and a good value. It's a nice compact size and works well. It doesn't have any bells and whistles but the product itself is quite good. I would recommend it to anyone.   Did you find this review helpful? Yes No  View All Reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is awesome. It can play music, and the screen is nice and bright. I like that it has a microphone and a speaker. Also, I really like that I can use it with my car stereo or speakers. It's a great device for a first unit.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* I'm a total noob in this field but I'm having fun with my new iphone 6. It is a great deal, the screen is nice and bright, and the screen isn't grainy like other iphones. I bought it on sale and I'm very pleased with the purchase.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It works well, but the battery life is horrible, I've been using this for a few months now and it still has less than a full charge after almost all the time I've used it. I'm disappointed that I paid $30 for it, but maybe it will work better in the future. I bought it as a backup, but it really isn't.   I also bought the 4" version for my laptop, and the USB port is terrible. The cable that comes with it is awful too. I have to buy a different USB cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I got this item a few months ago and i just use it to store all my stuff. It's just the perfect size to store stuff and easy to use. I like it better than the hard case i bought before and the storage area is a lot better. This is a great item and you get a lot of free storage for it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The product works as advertised. I've had my computer for a little over a year now and the previous unit I had was just too big for the space I needed it. I decided to get a bigger one. I have a macbook pro and the size of the tablet is perfect for me. The only thing I dislike is the way the screen folds down. It seems like it's very flimsy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The iPad is a great product for students. The tablet is very portable and easy to carry with me and I don't have to worry about it breaking down while being on the move.   It has great functionality, it has a camera, a music player, and a very good battery life.  I highly recommend the iPad to any students. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got this to use with my MacBook Air. I have a very large screen and this is perfect for it. It is very compact and it fits right into the space that is needed. I'm happy that I found this product. It looks cool and is a great addition to my system.   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 2575  Reviewed: 2016-09-27 By:Hunts. Family pet. Mike W   Hunts (dachshunds). Hunts. Family pets. :Dawson, the dogs are always looking for new gadgets. I think they like this one as well, but we haven't tested it yet. They were super excited to try it out.     Review of DJI Inspire 1 Professional Quadcopter:   This is a nice product, the only thing that could be better is a better user interface. It seems like the user interface is a bit of a mess. Also, the batteries don't last as long as the others we have purchased.  -Worth every penny   Overall: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best device ive ever used, im a musician who needs to have a small laptop but dont want to sacrifice too much sound quality. The sound is amazing, its clear as hell, no crackles, and the keys are the exact right size and shape. the only thing that would be better is if the screen was a little bigger, but that's just a minor complaint. I have a laptop pro that sounds like a CD player but the screen is way too small, and not at all easy to read. It would be great if they made the screen bigger, and included a usb cord so you can plug it into your PC. The only thing is that the usb cord is so short that its hard to plug it in if you are standing up and the keyboard is on your lap. The best part is that you can use the usb connection to connect your phone to the keyboard and your phone/tablet will be on at the same time. If you're a musician and you want a great sounding computer without breaking the bank, look no further than this one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome I use this as a replacement for my laptop. It sounds amazing. The key spacing is perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************** This is a great product. I have had it for over a month now and it works well. The only thing that bothers me is that it does not come with a remote control. The remote is not hard to find so I don't think that is a deal breaker. I am very happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend it. *************************  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best product ever! I love my new iPad. It is small, light, fast, and super powerful. It's my favorite tablet and it's super fast to charge. If you want the best product, buy this one.  Reviewed by Mark from Excellent Product! This is my first electronic device. I've always used an old CRT television. I bought this iPad a few months ago, and I'm really enjoying it. I think it's a great size, and it seems to be well made. I love that you can turn off the music or sound. I wish I could have the battery life and memory for more games. But I love it, and can't wait to get it upgraded. I'm also considering getting a bluetooth keyboard so I can use it with my PC, but I'm looking for the most portable option. I like it a lot!  Review of DJ's Tablet (Retina) I purchased this product a few weeks ago and so far so good. I use it to watch movies and videos but I also use it as a music player. I can't believe the speed at which it runs. It runs the latest videos and the video quality is great. I even got the new Retina display for the price. The built in speaker is very good. It does get loud when it's running. But for the money, I don' expect much. The software is a little complicated but if you get the right software you'll be able to use it easily. The battery is good, but the battery isn't as good as the Apple's. The speakers are great, but they don't have the volume as the iPod. I'd like to have a USB connector so I could use it for charging. I also think it would be nice if there was a camera option. The touch screen works well, but it's not as good at being able to make text. It might be a little confusing to use, but if your looking for a tablet, this is a good choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is an excellent speaker, especially for the price. It is not as loud as some speakers, but still very good for the money. It's got great bass for the size of the speakers. I would definitely recommend this speaker!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I have been using the VCR for several years. I had a couple of problems but the problem that really bothered me was that the picture would not be accurate at all. I have never had a problem like that with the Sony VCRs, which is why I switched to the Sony in the first place. I don't know if this was a fluke or if there is a way to have this problem corrected. I still recommend it to anyone who wants to keep their home movies on the VHS format. I will never be a VCR user again. The only thing I would change is that I think the remote control should have a microphone and not just a speaker. I bought this to replace a newer model I had. The older one worked great and the remote worked fine, but the newer model has the same problem with the picture not being accurate.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had my Pinnacle Pro for about a year now and I'm very happy with it.  It is small, portable and easy to use.   The build quality is very good.  The sound is good and the batteries last a long time.  It also has a very useful and fun feature where it automatically stops playing when it gets low on batteries.  If I had any complaints I would say that the buttons on the control panel are very tiny and hard to get to.  This would be the first thing to change if I purchased a second one.  If you are looking for a compact portable mp3 player with great sound quality and a nice price, look no further than the Pinnacle. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- This is my second time buying a computer. First time was a very good Dell. Second time was very cheap, cheap. So cheap that it took me almost 3 weeks to finally buy it. But this time I have been very pleased. I have had the computer for about 6 months. So far it has been very reliable, it has no problem. It is very easy to use and has a good screen. My only complaint is that the mouse is not as good as the Dell. But other than that, I am very happy with this computer. I recommend it to anyone. (Posted on 4/17/2014)  Great product, good price Review by Michael Quality Value Overall Product Rating I bought this product because I have two old Dell laptops and needed a new computer. This thing is a piece of magic! I used to have a laptop that had a bad hard drive and had to do a hard drive replacement. I would not trust a laptop like that with my money! My wife, who is a web developer, has an older laptop and had a hard time finding one she liked. This is a great upgrade! (Posted On 4/16/2014  It's a beast! Review by T.M. Quality Value Value The Dell Inspiron 15 is a beast of a laptop. It's got the latest Intel processors, fast DDR3 RAM, a massive battery, and it looks awesome. I'm not the biggest fan of the red, but I can see the appeal. The only issue I had with the laptop was the power brick. The power brick is small and doesn't fit in the laptop's box well, so I had to remove the battery and power brick to remove it. Also, the power cord is too long and gets tangled. The battery was not included in the package. The warranty doesn't cover the power issue, but it did come with a 3 year warranty and a 10 year limited warranty. Overall, I'm very happy I decided to get this laptop. (Added On 4  The Best Review by C.W. Quality Quality The Best I bought the Inspiron 14z last year for work and this year I decided I was going to get the 15. I had already done my research on buying a new laptop and I was not disappointed. This laptop is the best I've ever had. The best part is that it's a lot cheaper than any of the Dell's I've had. My workstation has a
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************** I have used the Voodoo 3 for the past month, and it is a good device with a nice design. I've found that it works best with the XB3 bluetooth audio adapter and my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge. I have the Galaxy S5 and the original Voodoo2 that came with it. I like the original better. The only negative is that the S6 is a bit of a pain to work with, it doesn't seem to be quite as easy to setup and get to know. ******************* Pros: * Design * Great battery life * Nice sound quality * Plenty of storage * Good camera * Decent price Cons: * Battery life isn't as good as the original, but the V3 does last a long time. * Some users have reported problems with the camera. *********I recommend this product for people who want to get the best out of their phone and have a good looking device for their money!*********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's very powerful, it has good battery life, and it's pretty cheap.  I use it for playing my digital guitar and for listening to music.   I have it connected to my computer via a USB cable.  I also have a headphone jack that's pretty good for music too.  The only thing I don't like about this is that the battery does get weak over time.  It's a little hard to keep it fully charged.  If you're going to be listening to the same music for an extended period of time, you might want to get a longer battery life.  Also, there is a problem with the microphone, but I haven't noticed that much of an issue.  This is a good device for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a good experience with my first  Vintage Vibra-Tone Stereo Headphones. They work well with the vintage amp I have.  They are comfortable to wear.    The cables and plug in cables are very good quality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I got this thing a few weeks ago and I am very happy with the product. I can't say enough good things about this thing. I used to be a fan of the sony gear, but this thing is awesome and you can't beat the price! I also like the fact that there is no need for batteries, you can get a day or two out of a charge. I am going to get another one for my girlfriend, she wants a new one. Also, I like the way the lights look, the colors and the picture quality. If you are looking for a good compact speaker, this is the one for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  It's a bit of a pain when I try to change it...
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit I purchased from Best Buy was broken. I called the store to report the issue and the associate apologized and said it was on the production line and that they would get it fixed for me. After waiting for a week, I received a new unit and the issue was fixed. The unit itself works well. The screen is great and the sound quality is good. It can't compare to the good looking Samsung but for the price, I am happy with this purchase. The battery life is excellent and I have been using this for several weeks.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A must have for a fan. The sound is crystal clear, and the buttons are very responsive. Great sound quality, and even though the batteries are a little small, they still last a long time. It also has a micro usb connector, which is great. The battery life is good, but there is no built in alarm. This could be very useful for those who are on the go. The only problem is that it is very small, and when you first unpack it, it seems to be pretty fragile. But after a few weeks of use, it's pretty sturdy. The screen doesn't rotate, so you can't read the battery level. The charger is a little cheap, but you'll be able to get a replacement very easily. Overall a great little speaker, but I wouldn't recommend it for use outside the home.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!!!! This is the first time I've bought an ereader (which is the size of my Kindle) and I'm very pleased with it. It's very easy to navigate, and the color is good. The layout is nice and compact. It holds my books with ease, and it's easy to get out of the way when I need to turn the pages. This is a must-have for anyone who is serious about their reading. I'm still waiting for the next one to come out so I can read more, but this is good enough. I'll continue to buy this one for a long time!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jhoy from Awesome reading device. I've been looking for an inexpensive ereader that could handle the Kindle and other e-readers and I have found the Kobo. It has a sleek design and a fast processor. I don't have to worry about turning the pages too fast or keeping up with the audio books as they play at a good speed. My only complaint is the battery life. I read books on it for 8 hours before I had to replace it. The screen is pretty bright so that isn't an issue, but you need to keep it charged to enjoy it for very long. The battery life is also a huge plus for me as I don t want to be reading on the beach in a few days.  Review of DJK from A Customer from California. on June 12, 2017. My wife is a big reader, and she loves the size and quality of the Koodo. The Koodos also have a large color display, so it is easy to read at a distance. -She's a bit of a book collector so we are looking at the Kindle Voyage and Kobo Aura. -She loves the ability to listen to audio books, which is not available with the Koyos. . My wife's favorite feature is the backlit buttons and the ability the use the touchscreen to navigate. It is easier to use with the backlight and has a larger screen to read with. -The ability to change the color of the back light is really convenient. -A reader is not just about the book. The display has a lot of useful features and is the perfect size to read books while driving. The front touch screen makes it easy to use the KORG Smart Assistant. -I am very happy with the features and design of this ereader. I
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this for my 13 year old son. I bought him an iPod touch 3G and it worked for a while, then he stopped working. He finally figured out what it was and replaced it. It worked again when I bought it. I also bought an iPad 3 for him. The iPad works fine. The 3G will not send or receive messages. I have purchased 2 of these units for my children, one for my son and one for myself. The only negative is the fact that it only charges one device at a time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not sure if I'd go with this as a daily driver. It's got all the basic features that a good portable DAC is expected to have and it is pretty good for the price. I really like the fact that it's USB-C and has an onboard DAC. You can use it to play all the latest releases on your computer or use the built-in DAC to convert your MP3s and listen to them on a portable device like this. It is a little hard to get the balance right with this DAC and you will likely be needing to turn the volume down a bit to get a good signal. However, this is one of the best portable DACs that I have used and I recommend it to anyone who wants to go portable. I'm looking forward to the next version with a headphone output and a larger size. Write a negative review about an OK electronic device :  This has the basic functions that you would expect from a DAC. The only thing I don't like is the lack of an input jack for USB-MIDI and a built- in DAC.  It also does not have a headphone out so you will have to use a wired headset if you want to listen to music.  Read more
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The sound quality is awesome and the quality of the unit is very good.   For $200 it is a bargain. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to set up. It was easy to install, works great and works with my ipod. I am very satisfied and it is a good price. Thanks. Nice to have a choice:    If you want to use an iphone as a iphones iphono iphonos iphonewave iphonet iphonel iphoner iphontographer iphonestick iphophone iphoyst iphor iphott iphot iphos ipod iphou iphouse iphouses iphus iphustress iphut iphuz ipotop ipopup ipsum ipsmall ipsom ipsol ipsor ipsour ipsoun ipsos ipsouz ipsop ipson ipsout ipsort ipsurf iptip ipti iptir iptis ipto iptot iptow iptz iPod:  I am a huge iphony fan and was very excited to hear the iphoning is a lot better than the ipod app. The iphonics works perfectly well on my ipods iphons iphowave ipods ipodi ipodo ipow ipoh ipoz ipoom ipov iphobus ipobus. I love that iphonic has a lot of iphonies iphonsek iphod ippod ips ipho iphop iphook iphost iphous iphoud iphoun iphour iphout iphoute iphu iphux iphx iphz iphyr iphya iplay ixpod iphoid iweb ipoem ipojf iphun iphur iphy iphyn iphys iphyl iphym iphzy ipom ipon ipos ipper ipsid ipsim ipsi ipsiv ipso ipsov ipsv ipsw iptop iptod iptoy iptov iptwo iptyr ippt iphty iphyt iphyth ipxo ipz ipzy iqp irkz irjf irkk
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It works as advertised. It works as expected. It has an external speaker which works very well. The sound quality is great and the light is bright enough. It is also quite loud. I don't think I need to mention how easy it is to use. It only took me about 20 minutes to set up. I had no trouble getting the setup going, but once it was working I had it working well. I use it at night for the extra light it provides. I have a small room and this light is perfect for it. The only complaint I have is the color of the light. I bought the black light but it doesn't look as good as the red or white lights. I think it could use some improvement but overall it is a great purchase.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: juliuszap
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this phone for a few months now and have had to replace the screen several times and this phone has been a great device. It has been upgraded many times over the last year or so, and it still works like a champ. the only thing i would change is the size. the smaller one is a little bit too big to fit in my pockets and i use my phone for my camera a lot, but i am not that picky and it fits perfect in my hand.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good phone! Great phone for the price. Battery life is good, but it's the size that I really dislike. Not too heavy, not too thin, but not a nice size. Not a great phone for me, but the battery life is great.  I bought this to replace a Nexus 4 which I also loved but the screen was a big deal breaker for me. This is my first phone, so I'll update this review as I use it more. So far I am happy with the phone. It does not have a front facing camera, but there is a 3.5mm jack in the back so you can still use headphones. The camera is ok, not amazing but it gets the job done. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that it came with the "pulse" button on the right side of the phone rather than the left. I found myself accidentally pushing it a lot. It's a very small change but I like it better this way. The speakerphone is also on the left side and I'm not a big fan of that either. -The size is perfect for me  -Camera is ok  –Battery life is better than the Nexus 4  Overall, I am satisfied with this phone and would recommend it. I have not been impressed with the battery, but so far it has been enough.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used the CX3 since December 2014.  It has been my primary portable music player since then.    I like it.  I don't think it is quite as good as the C8.  In that case it is just a little bit too large and heavy for me.  But the C3 is a good player and I would recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great for its purpose, but I'm still getting used to its functions. I'm going to have to return the unit. I was expecting to be able to use my computer without using my phone, but now I have to use it with my phone.  That's not a good deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my htc for almost a year and love it. I had a htc 1 and 1s for about 3 years, they were nice but the 1s were a bit too big and I had to get rid of the 1 after only a year. So i bought the htc 2, got it on sale on ebay, got a good deal. The htc is a little heavy and heavy batteries are not my thing. but i love the fact that its light weight, and i love that it comes with a usb cable. its soo easy to use and it has an amazing speaker. I got the black model which has better quality, and it is more like a phone. I wish the usb port was in the back but other than that, great device!  Style of Music: Rock/Metal
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is an excellent product. It is a nice product with a lot of features. I am very happy with my purchase and it does what it is supposed to do. It has a very good battery life and has a large capacity. It works great. The only complaint is that I have had to send my previous electronic device back because it would not charge. This one has been working fine.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, August 02, 2012  Very good  by James from Santa Clara CA USA  Pros: small size, good battery, works well  Cons: nothing  Review: It has been several years since I have owned a computer so it is a real challenge to use an older device. This thing is very good and the battery is huge. It does a great job and the screen is bright and very easy to read.  the only con is that it has to be plugged into an outlet because the usb plug is too small for my wall outlet. but I'm going to get a larger one for my computer.  a lot better than my old one. I like the fact that it comes with all the accessories for my old computer. This will save a lot in the future.  at the price it is worth it. ,  I did like that it came with the adapter for my older monitor. I just wish it was larger.  of course there are better than this one but for the price you cant beat it  The only cons is the adapter and the usb to usb cable are too small. I have to use the adapter to plug it in. .  The only thing I would say is it would be nice to have a little more space in the side for the power cable to plug in  Did you find this review helpful? YesNo
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   i have used it twice now and i am very pleased. i use it to charge my mobile phone and also to sync my music to the computer. i do not see a reason to buy another one now. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been a fan of the iphone iphones since the original, iphona iphoned, ipod and ipad. these new models have everything i needed and more. ive had the ipods for a few weeks now and ive already deleted the ips from my phone. if ive ever ips again ive just bought another one. and yes, ips are a great size for a phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not going to rate this device as good because it doesn't have all of the features I wanted, but I really like the convenience of it being an all in one device, so it's pretty good. The only thing I would like to see changed in the next update is to add a power indicator for the backlight. The battery life is just okay. I have it plugged in when I'm at home and just use it for when I travel or if I need to use the phone for something else. It lasts me about two days, which is good but I'd like it to last a little longer. I do have a problem with the battery warning on the bottom. It constantly says "Low battery" which is not an issue at all. I think the warning could be moved to the front panel so it is only on the screen and not the back. A very good item and I recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the wireless remote control for my XBOX and it is amazing. I have tried several other products on the market and this is by far the best. I also own the remote for the Wii and it works great. I love the fact that it works even when my Wii is not connected to the router. I would recommend this product to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************* This is a great little device for the price. It's small, easy to use, and the sound quality is fantastic. The only drawback is the fact that it doesn't work with the iPod Touch or iPhone. It is just a little too small and the connectors are on the back instead of on the sides like they should be. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to play music on their computer and is on a tight budget.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works fine for me, but have other options Purchased this to use as a small monitor and sound system. Works fine, as I have my iPod connected via a USB to AV adapter. I am running a 16 bit digital interface, so I have to be careful when connecting the audio from the computer to the device. I connected the device with an RCA cable, but when I connect it to a USB hub, it won't connect. The audio works fine on the device, but the sound is very faint. The headphone output is not loud enough, and when the device is turned on, it is so loud that I have trouble hearing the speakers at all. Overall, I would not recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I bought this to replace my iPod for my children. It is easy to use and is extremely easy to find songs on a car stereo or other device. It even has a remote so you can use it without your phone in your hand.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really like this monitor, it has a high resolution and the image quality is pretty good, it is pretty bright too. I have been using it for a while and I am happy with it. I use it mainly for my photography and also for gaming on my laptop. The only thing I wish the monitor had was a way to switch to a 4k monitor, but other than that it is great. I really like it, the price was a bit expensive but that is a small price to pay for such a great product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using my Samsung Chromebook since I bought it and I love it. It has been very useful as a way to use a Chromebook as a laptop for web browsing. I love that I can use ChromeOS on my old Acer E5-575g laptop. I have also found that the touchscreen works well. I also like that it comes with the Google Play store, which I am very happy about.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My first purchase from  WifiWorld was a  Wireless Modem.  I bought this to connect my home server to my office and I love it.    It's small, sleek and does everything I need it to do.  The only thing I'd recommend is that the   top connector be able to take a cable.  There   isn't a cable that fits this   so I had to cut the cable that came with the  modem   and use a different cable that the modem .  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only bluetooth headset I have used.  It's a little on the heavy side but the sound quality is very good.  I have a couple of other bluetooth headsets and this one is by far the best.  The battery lasts forever and you can easily recharge it with the included charger. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's hard to believe that I'm reviewing a $350 product, but this is a very good soundbar for the money. I have a lot of good soundbars, but I've never found a soundbar that I can honestly call "good." With the SVS B2, I've found one that is solid, reliable, and has plenty of power for all my systems. The only downside is that it is a bit noisy in the bottom end, but that's to be expected. If you are looking for a good sound bar, and don't want to spend too much, look no further. - Brian, San Diego, CA
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The unit works great for a portable unit. I'm happy I bought this one.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been using a computer for many years and I was so excited to finally get a PC. I was not disappointed. I am very pleased with the computer. It has everything I need and more. I love how easy it is to use. I have a large screen monitor and am able to easily work with both the mouse and keyboard. I would highly recommend this to any computer user.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I am new to this world and to this device. I have not used it yet but I think I will be very pleased with it. The only thing I would like to see changed is the battery life, but for the price it is a great purchase. I am very happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a problem with my Dell laptop battery that I couldn't resolve. It went dead, but my battery went dead as well. Dell's warranty had expired and I couldn the solution was to contact Dell and they got it fixed. Dell has a good warranty service so I would recommend them to anyone. I am a huge fan of Windows 7 but I still enjoy using Windows XP. It's the same system. It has a lot of programs installed on it and it's a great platform for games. I love the fact that you can install a new program when the one you are currently using is about to expire. It can get confusing to decide what program to install when the programs you want aren't installed on XP. I also like that the new system has a much better booting process than XP does. I am also happy with the Windows 7 Update 2. This is the first update I have tried and I have no complaints. I have not had to reinstall my operating system, but I have been able to get my system up to date and running smoothly. If you have Windows 7 and you are still running XP, I highly recommend this software.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  Great little little thing for the money, it's got all the features you would expect from a modern day smartphone. The camera is the biggest problem with this device as it doesn't shoot very well in low light. I use this for my daily use and don't think I would ever upgrade to a proper camera as I would be satisfied with this unit. If you are looking for a decent smartphone camera you need to check out the Moto X.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************* I bought this after a long time searching for an app that would let me play the Nintendo Wii games. I have a Nintendo Wii console and a few other consoles. When I was looking around for an application, I found this one. It works well. I got it for free. If you want to play your Wii games on your iPad, I recommend this.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first computer I've owned that does not have the keyboard and mouse that I've grown to hate. The built in trackball makes it possible to do any task I can do on a keyboard. I love the fact that I can now get more done by using this instead of my old computer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by James from Very Impressed I have had this for about 3 weeks now. I am very impressed with the performance. It is fast, it is powerful, and I can run any program I want. The one drawback is the cost of the unit, but that's a very small price to pay for all the features I have found. I highly recommend this product. , I was very disappointed with the original IBM PC (I remember my first IBM PC being so bad that it was a hassle to operate it). I bought this in the hopes that it would be a bit better. The fact that the unit runs on battery power is a huge plus. It takes only a couple of minutes to boot up, and the display is so bright that it is hard to find the time to turn the lights on. The keyboard and trackpad have a good feel, and both are very responsive. The monitor is nice, and even though the resolution isn't as good as my old monitor, I don't notice any of the difference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- My first "real" synthesizer, it's nice to be able to control it with my feet, it sounds good, it feels nice and sturdy, very nice. The only problem is that it's very loud, so you will need a big room. But it's worth it, I highly recommend it. I was thinking about getting a modular synthesizer to replace it, but I'm glad I got this instead. The modular has its own personality though, it has a very "organic" sound, I like it a lot more. I'd recommend it for a beginner, or a person who is just beginning with electronic music. I got it in a bundle with the Analog Man VHS module, and the Korg Volca Bass 2. I highly suggest the Analogman VHS if you're looking for a solid synth with a more "organic feel" I don't own it yet, but the Volca BASS 2 is a good choice for a second VHS (the Korg one is great though, and I've had both). Pros: - great sounds, can sound like anything, with many different sounds you can find with it - great for beginners, it doesn't require too much learning - very loud (so you need a large space to play it) - very easy to use - lots of preset, can make a lot of sounds easily Cons: - some people have complained about the sound - there are no knobs or faders, you need to do all the work yourself (just plug in the cables, turn the knobs, use the faders) - no sequencer, so no MIDI - the battery is very small - you need the VHS to play the synthesizer - some complain about the battery life - it's not as flexible as a modular synth, the modules are not interchangeable (the modules can only be bought individually) - it can't be plugged into a computer, but there are USB and MIDI connections, which are useful - the price is a bit too high for a first synthesizer -------------- 5 out of 5: I just got mine a few days ago, and so far it's pretty much everything I hoped for and more. The sound is quite nice, very warm and rich. I'm a big fan of analog synthesis, and this is no exception. I bought it because it's a great way to learn and play around with synthesis, without having to spend a fortune. I have the KORG Volca
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got this as a Christmas present for my son. It's not a great one but he's very pleased with it. It works really well and he loves the features. I have not used it much so far but so far he has not asked for another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The E-Pace is a great way to get a workout without a ton of effort and expense.  I use this on a daily basis and have never found a problem with the device.    I recommend this device to anyone looking for a great exercise aid that doesn't cost a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my first keyboard I've bought in a long time and I have to say I'm really impressed. I'm using it to type on my computer (using the USB) and it's awesome. I like the fact that it has the volume buttons and the arrow keys, but most importantly, I like that it feels like a mechanical keyboard and not an electronic one. The key caps are a little thin but still good enough. It's pretty light, but still feels good and doesn't feel like it's going to break. I bought this to use at my desk in my office and it really makes it feel like a real mechanical keyboard. I just bought another for my computer and it looks and feels exactly like the first one, which I'm very happy about.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mikes from Love this keyboard I use a mechanical keyboards for my work and play but this one is a bit smaller than my other mechanical keyboards, not bad at all I like it better than the other ones. The only thing is I don't like the black plastic of the other models  Customer Testimonials
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using this device to get online through a computer. I've tried a number of USB hubs, but I have to say, this is my favorite. I like that I can use the device to connect a mouse or keyboard, and it's lightweight and small. I also like the fact that the device has a built in battery and the ability to monitor my Internet activity.  Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.  The USB Hub is a good investment.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A very versatile, highly accurate timepiece. I have this one now for about 3 years. It is accurate to within one minute and one second. It's my favorite watch. I use it daily to check the weather and to see the time. I can also tell when my wife is getting home from work because of the time it takes for her to reach me.   I use to use a different watch, but it's timekeeping is terrible. It only shows two minutes of sleep, and the alarm goes off when you are asleep. The accuracy is great with this one. I would buy another one in a heartbeat.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:....................................................  5 out of 5 stars  Paul A. This is a great product! I have been using the VapeXhale for a couple of months and am happy with the product. The battery life is great and the vapor is great.  4 out of5 stars  in a good package, but i found the unit to be very noisy and a bit weak and weak on the battery. it is a good starter kit but i would only recommend this for the price,  2 out of  customers found this review helpful  Yes, it works  I have been vaping for 6 months and I have bought this product twice. I like the flavor and vapor. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because the atomizer is very easy to break. It can be dropped easily. The warranty is good and the price is right.  the flavor is not bad and I am very satisfied with this product, but I just have a complaint. I have had the atomizers for about 2 weeks and the battery is not replaceable. I was told that they will replace it after a month but I have not received one yet. This was a great purchase, but it would be nice to have a replacement in stock. I also purchased the atomiser but the atomisers are a different brand so I will have to try them out. , I received the vapexhale, I bought it on line from another user and he recommended this brand. I found this to be the best vaporizer, the flavor was great and it was very easy for me to use. I did not like the design, the unit was a bit small for me, but overall a great unit. I would recommend this vaporizer to anyone who has not tried it yet.    My only issue is the battery, when you first start the unit it's pretty easy to get to the middle. Once you get it to the other side, you have to force it to get the battery out. I don't know if the design of the atomising chamber is to large or if it is defective or what but I had to force the battery in and then out twice before it would fit. -I got a few of these from another vaper and he also had the same problem. The one I got also had a defective battery, it didn't take much to get it out and it just broke off after it was in the
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I use this product for a few things, including for the back of my keyboard. I bought this after hearing that it was the best and most comfortable keyboard for my hand. I have used a lot of keyboards and it seems to fit the hand better than most. I like how it feels and the size.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had a moto g for 3 years now. It is my go to phone. it has great battery life, and its has the best camera out there. ive tried the iphone and the ipod, but i really like this phone. its great to have a phone that comes with all the essentials.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a few months now. i bought it to play my old gaming computers but this does what it is supposed to do and i like it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very nice, but it has a tendency to skip around a little bit. The battery is also a little short, so you need to replace it with a longer one before using it for long. The only thing I didn't like about this is that it is too hard to get to the micro SD card slot. I have to use the case to push the micro sd card into the card slot, which is a pain.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My old Macbook Pro is a very solid computer. It can run some games, but the resolution is just not great and the sound is a little too loud for my tastes. The new iMac has much better performance and looks great. The sound is better than I had expected, and the resolution for gaming is great. If you're on a budget, I highly recommend getting one of these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had it about 2 weeks and i love it it is small and very portable. i dont have a lot of money so this is perfect for me. i have had it for a few weeks now and its still going strong. i cant wait to get some more batteries.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great product This is the perfect light for when I need a little extra power, but don't want to be in the sun. I use mine with a compact digital camera, so its light enough to carry and use, but powerful enough to take great photos, and even take video! It's very compact, and easy to use, and I can charge it with a USB port in my pocket. I'm a huge fan of this product, and highly recommend it!  Good light, but not the best I'm reviewing this product because I was very pleased with the purchase. It's small, but good quality. But, the build quality is not good. It is light, and compact, but the design has some problems. The button is too hard to press. The rubber strap on the side of the body is hard to tighten. The top is a little difficult to twist to the right. It does not have a clip. The light is very bright. But I'm not sure how long it will last. The price was reasonable, but I expected better quality. :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!The sound is fantastic. This is the best sound I have ever heard on an electronic device. The sound is so clean and clear, you can even hear the bass line in some songs. The device is very simple to use, but the settings are very detailed. The only drawback to the device is that it only has 4 levels of volume (0-5), but it's not really a problem for me since I use my computer to listen to music at higher volumes anyways. It would be great if it had an option to change the levels to a higher level, but I can live with that.Overall I am very happy with this purchase. This was my first purchase from Best Buy and I am extremely satisfied. I am not a fan of computer speakers, but this one is great. If you're on a budget, this one will work for you. The quality is good, and the price is good.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this for my son and he loves it.  It is well made and sturdy.  He can open the package, remove the box, and insert the headphones and it works great.  I would recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I've owned the SONY VTR-S3200 for about a year now. It has served me very well. I have used it with my Sony NEX and Sony A6300 cameras. I'm very pleased with the sound quality and features that it offers. If you have a Sony device, I highly recommend this one!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought a Ditto 4 and I am very satisfied with the product. I've had the device for a week now and I'm already using it for a variety of applications. The built quality is very good. I like that it's rechargeable as well. The battery life is pretty good for a portable. I'm very satisfied and I would definitely recommend this product.  Best portable ditto I have ever owned! I have a few ditto 4's but this one is by far the best! It is extremely easy to use and charge. The audio is very clear, and the ditto can be used with the included cord for a great, long-range signal. The device itself is well built and easy to take apart and use, but be sure to charge it before first use or it will be ruined. I have had a few other ditto's and this one has the best price-to-quality ratio and is the most portable ditwo I've used.  a little hard to get a good connection, but it's a ditto and it's good! I'm just not sure why it's so hard to use. I had to try a few times to get the audio to work and it worked just fine. The quality is great for the price.  (Posted on 5/1/2013)  Ditto 4 works very well! This is my second ditto. I got this one because it was the cheapest and the only one in stock at my local Radio Shack store. I purchased it to use with a wireless router I got at the same time. I don't know about others, but when I first tried to connect it to my router, I had a difficult time connecting to the router's MAC address. It's a known bug with some ditwos. After a few tries I finally got the connection. The sound quality is amazing and is a great addition to my home network. I would recommend this ditto to anyone who wants a wireless connection in a small portable form factor. (Posted at 5/2/2013 by Anonymous) . I was a little hesitant to purchase this ditwi because it seemed to be very fragile. I used it with the supplied adapter. It was easy to connect and I was able to stream music to my computer from my phone wirelessly. I use it with a 2.4GHz wifi adapter from Netgear. I will be using this ditcher for all my
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- It's a very good device and a very high quality unit. I would say that it's more for serious use than the average casual user, but I also have a very fast internet connection so I can get around and still be productive.  It's a good device for serious users: -------------- It's an extremely good device. It has a lot of features for a simple device. But for those who don't have time to use all those features and who just want a nice portable device that's easy to use and to carry, this is the right choice.  the software is very good, especially when it comes to speed: -------------------------- This is my first device and I'm really impressed. The software is good, even though the performance isn't the best. I'm very happy with this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've used the iKang for years. It's easy to use and it has been around for years and it's reliable. The only problem is it's not waterproof. You can take it in the shower and it won't survive the bath. It does not leak and doesn't rust. I have been using it for over a year and it is still running great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s and the battery life are awesome i have been using this phone for over a year now and I have had no issues whatsoever the phone is just as fast as the previous versions i have owned and they have been pretty durable and have been used a lot so far the only reason i give this 4/5 is because the buttons are really small so it gets a bit hard to find the buttons and the power button is a little tricky to press the phone works great and I love it
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent device for the money. It is perfect for me. I do most of my work on my computer and this is perfect. I love how small it is. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a great cheap product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------This is a great product. I have been looking for a good portable game controller for a while and this one has everything I was looking for. I bought the Gameboy Advance version which is what I use when I am on the road and do not want to carry around my computer. The gamepad is easy to use, I like that it is small enough to take with me everywhere. The wireless connection works great and the battery lasts a long time so you can play long periods of time without worrying about it dying. Also, this version has two batteries so you only need one when you need it. I also like that the battery compartment is a little larger than other gamepads and that the USB cable has a longer extension so you don't have to carry the battery in your pocket. Overall I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for the best portable gamepad out there. I was disappointed in the Gamepad 2 because the wireless connection didn't work right and it did not have two batteries. I'm happy with this purchase and will purchase another for my kids.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 19, 2012  Good product, no cons  by A Customer from Saint George UT USA  Pros: works great, rechargeable battery lasts for ages  Cons: battery compartment in the bottom is small  Review: I use this for both computer gaming and mobile games, it works great. It's very compact and easy to take on the go. It has a rechargeable rechargeable Battery. 's battery compartment works like a charm, but the battery is on the bottom. It took a few months to charge. . -  -
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I don't believe in the myth that "technology can't change." It can. It's just that change is incremental and often difficult. And if it's ever going to be that easy, we need a better word for it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "If I want to see what's on the other side of the door, I go through it."
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my first Apple TV, but this was a perfect choice for me. I use my Apple TV for Netflix, Netflix and Chill, Hulu, and even Game of Thrones. This is great for watching movies and TV shows on my TV.   It's easy to use, has a good remote, and a decent screen. I do wish it had more channels. It's not that there are no good channels, but if I were to pick a cable channel to get, I would go with the ABC network. It has a lot of really good shows. The channels themselves are easy to find.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been very happy with this product.   The first thing I did when I got it was to try it out on my computer, and it works perfectly.  It's a nice, sleek device that does the job.  I don't need to run cables, or to be hooked up to a monitor, or a keyboard.  My only issue is that it is rather heavy, but I understand why it was made that way.  Overall, a great product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this baby now, and I love it. I'm just starting to get into computers and this is a great device for the price.  It's so easy to get going, and it's a good size and weight.  I like that it has a built in battery.    In summary, this is great for the beginner to intermediate PC user.  If you are a professional and looking for the most powerful and high quality machine possible, look elsewhere. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I bought a Sony MDR-V6 for my brother. I had never heard of it before and when I did hear about it, I thought it was really cool. It's a high quality portable receiver and has a nice, clean sound. I got it to record my music from my iPod and I am very pleased with it. I think Sony made a great product and I will continue to buy it. The price is right and it works great.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mikeyjr from I've had the Sony for 2 years now, it's a beast I'm a big fan of Sony, but I've found the MDR10 to be the most versatile. I have a pair of Walkmans, a Sony HT-P7, and a pair or the M9, and the M10 blows them out of the water in terms of sound quality and features. . It is the most portable receiver I have used in the past few years, it also is the smallest in it's class, it has the best features of all the Sony's out there, and if you're a pro you'll love it.  and finally, it was worth the wait. It works great, I can now use my mp3 players, cd players, etc. with it, it is lightweight and compact, and can run off battery power too. , but if you just want a simple, reliable and inexpensive portable receiver, the M 10 will do just fine.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! I just got my new VIA iRacer 940. This is a great little device and I love it. My only problem is I just ordered a new computer so I have to wait till it arrives. The thing is a little on the slow side but its so much fun. It has a really good built in speaker. The touch screen is great and its very easy to use. I was worried about getting one of these but the price and features were worth the wait. Thanks!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a really great device that is easy to use. I bought this to help me when my old one quit working. The remote control is easy enough to use but it is also great for those times when you don't want to fumble with your mouse or keyboard.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have a small house, but my parents and sister live in a studio apartment. This is a great little gadget for me because I don't have to carry my own battery. It's small, compact, and very easy to use. The app is a little confusing at first, but you get used to it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an excellent product and a great value. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it doesn't come with a power cable. However, the rest of the functionality is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been using this device for a week now. It works very well. I had a problem where my computer stopped responding after using the device. This was not a problem when I first got it, but the battery lasted a few days then died. The device has been working well since then. I love the fact that it comes with a battery pack. I have not found a device that works like this yet. The only complaint I have is that I have to take my laptop out of my bag every time I leave home so I don't lose my device. I think this could be solved by adding a second battery. I also wish there was a way to download apps to my device as well as the web. This device has made my life easier. I will continue to use this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased a K-10 a couple of years ago as a backup when my other unit was damaged by a fire. It works great, I was so pleased to find that this unit has a built in alarm. It is a good size and looks great in the bedroom. It has the best sound system in the house and a large CD player.   If you're on a tight budget, this is a nice little unit to have around. It can do some of the same tasks that a full size radio does. The radio can be used as a radio, but it doesn't have the volume or range of the K-1000.  , it's a nice, but expensive, small FM radio that is easy to set up and operate. The K-100 is the radio I would buy. It's not as powerful as the K1000, but for the price it's worth a try.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This product is very nice. It is easy to use and has a nice look to it. It works well and has great audio quality. The only con I can think of is that it is very loud and can be annoying to other people when they have the same speakers. Other than that it has good reviews.  Style of Music: Indie Rock
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a week now and i'm quite impressed. the sound is a little muffled but that is my fault not the device. i bought this to use as a sub for my car stereo. the bass is pretty good for that purpose. the sub is pretty quiet compared to other brands out there so it is good to be able to turn it down if you don't want it to sound too loud. i would definitely recommend this sub to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using my iphone 4 for a year now. i have an android but i can't stand the plastic. ive had the iphones for 2 years and the android just feels flimsy. iphons are very light and i can put my finger on them very easily. ilyou need to do something about the cheap feel of the icrosoft keyboard.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I have been buying a lot of gadgets lately and this is one of the better ones, if you have the room and want to be able to control it. I can't recommend it enough
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my first laptop. I was skeptical about this one initially because it was only a 1 TB hard drive. I've used SSD's before, and I knew that I needed more space than the 1 TB was giving me. So I decided to upgrade to the 2 TB drive. This upgrade went so well that I am very happy with the purchase. The computer runs much faster now, and it's very quiet! I love this laptop!  I'm not a fan of the Windows logo on the bottom of the screen. I'm still learning to like it.  One more thing... I'm having a hard time finding a way to turn off the wireless signal when the laptop is turned off. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've had my LG G2 for about a week and have been impressed with it so far. The design is sleek and very modern, the build quality is great, the screen is very bright, the battery life is great. The only issue I had was the battery charging cable for the phone was a bit thin. This is something that is easily fixed with a few screws and zip ties. Other than that, I am very happy with my purchase and will be getting a few more as gifts.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought the s7 with a few other features that I really like. I bought the micro SD card slot and I am very happy. I am not using my camera as my main camera for pictures, but I am using it to record my adventures on my GoPro. I really enjoy the samsung camera and am very pleased with my purchase. I love the s8's screen, but the s5 is much easier to use. I think the s6 is a great camera as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great buy. I'm a big fan of this device and I think you'll like it as well. If you want a small, but powerful and small device that you can carry everywhere, you won't be disappointed. I can't wait to get my hands on a new one for my son, and I hope the price doesn't keep going up. It's also nice that the company is still producing this device, rather than shutting down.  Rated 4 out of 5 by KV from Works great This product is a good little little charger that is easy to charge. It does take a while to charge a battery but I like that the battery can be replaced when you run out. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I wish the button could be made to turn off automatically instead of requiring a double click. I like the device and the price is right.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used this thing for over a month now and am very happy with it. I love the sound quality, especially on the bass. It is a little bulky for my taste, but overall I am very satisfied with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased this because it has the same features as the D-Link AC3100 Wireless Router. The D-link router is better quality but the TPLink does have a few advantages. The device can be used in the basement, or other places where an ethernet connection is not a priority. The unit is small and lightweight, which is a plus in the home environment. The TPLINK also includes a 5.8GHz USB adapter. The USB adapter is useful because it can act as a wireless access point in case your wireless router is on a different frequency. The 5.4GHz adapter is great if you have a lot of computers that use a lot more bandwidth than the Dlink router.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a few problems with this device, but none of them have been major. The one that I had was with the USB port. It is not a problem, just the way the connector is. The other problem I have is that it doesn't really sound good. It's not too bad but it doesn the sound like it's coming out of a cheapo speaker. I also have a friend who uses this device and he loves it and his ears.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's not rechargeable. If you are looking for a good earbud that will work for a long time, look no further.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone4s The iphones 4s is a great phone, i really like the iphoness of the phone. However the ics is better for me since i use it more. I bought a new ics from samsung. I got the ic x1 which is the same price as the ixxon. I am very pleased with my ics. I have been looking for a phone with a good camera. The ics has a great camera and is a very nice phone to use. I recommend it to everyone.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ This is my second e-cigarette and I've had nothing but good things to say about it so far. The battery lasts me about 2 hours on average and the flavor is great. I highly recommend this product and will be ordering again. Thank you
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use as a personal assistant for my wife and she loved it, although it is a little pricey compared to other devices, but I do think it is worth the money. It works very well and my wife can use it from anywhere she is. She really enjoys using it as a digital assistant and is able to do most things with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a beginner with computers, and I have a Dell XPS M1300 laptop. The laptop came with Windows 7, but I installed Linux and Ubuntu, and now I can use Linux to access my Windows 7 computer. The USB ports and the keyboard work fine. The mouse also works well. The power supply is small, and the display is also small, but it works fine. I recommend this product. No, the power supply does not work with the laptop (see image)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a little slow but works very well.  I do use a USB drive on my computer, so I'm used to a fast device.   Write a negative review about an inferior electronic device. If you have any questions about anything, just ask. I am a tech support nerd. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!   My husband was very excited about this toy. He is a big fan of vibrators and is looking forward to getting his very first vibrator. The vibrations are nice, and I was able to get to a good level with no vibration overdrive. The battery life was great as well, and the design is very well thought out. I will definitely recommend this toy to friends and family.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have been very pleased with this device. I had a Samsung Galaxy S4, and when I bought the Galaxy Note 3, the S4 was so much more of a good device than the Note 3. I have also been very happy with the camera and how much better it is than the S5. I use the device as my main phone. I also use it to browse the internet and listen to music, which I have to say is very nice. My only real complaint is that I would like to see a micro SD slot so I can have more storage for videos. I would also like to have an option to lock the device so I don't have to unlock it to use the camera, and it would be nice if there was a way to use a stylus. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a great product, and works like a charm. It works just like the computer I was working on when the power went out.  My power supply was a bit tight for a 5v to 12v transformer, but it worked fine, and now I have a cheap way to add a 12v/24v UPS and get power to a spare computer without buying a new one.  Great for cheap upgrades:   I like this product because it is small and portable.   It is small enough to be hidden in a drawer, or carry with you on your laptop to a work computer.  I am able to use this as a spare to power up a computer that is in a different room and I have access to. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this as a replacement for my aging old Yamaha S660. The sound was very nice. The key work is also very good. It's got a little too much of a kick at low volume, but I don't have much to complain about.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    "I have the Apple TV 3 and it works great with my HDTV's built in remote control. The TV is pretty big but it's very easy to operate with the remote control and the Apple remote. The only problem is that you can only get the 4K resolution. The Apple TV 2 worked great for me with 4K."  https://static.cargurus.com/images/forsale/2018/07/05/08/35/2016_samsung_tv-pic-741623151709682566-152x114.jpeg 2016 Samsung UN65JU7000 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV 300 cd/m2 60Hz $895 https://www.amazon.com/$56.00/Pricing/Policies/Sellers-Regulatory/2018-01-09/B00003WQF4  1150 Video Game Console (1) 2016 Sony Playstation 4 500GB Super Slim 500GB Black https://smhttp-ssl-43233.nexcesscdn.net/media/catalog/product/v/p/p4s4_slim_gp500_1-1.jpg 50.00  1 Video Game System (1 Box) 2016 Nintendo Wii U Super Smash Bros. $99.99 https://amzn.to/2e9W6jD 50.0  5 Game Console: PS4, PS3, PSP, Xbox 360, Xbox One 2017 Nintendo WiiU Super Smash Brothers $50.00 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_video_game_consoles_and_the_generation_of_(console)s. 30.0
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using a sony mxr7 for several years. I use it in my studio for live mixing and recording and I love it. I have not used it much in the house but I've always had great luck with it. i use a mxrs and the mxrds in my home studio and they are great. ive only had the mdxr for a couple of months but so far I'm very pleased with it ive had no problems with it and i will continue to use it!!!! i have to say the only thing i dont like is the usb interface cable. it seems too short for a device that isnt used much. I will have to upgrade that to a longer one. but the sound quality and features are great  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great sound for a great price! I use this on a daily basis and love it! I do need to purchase a separate USB port for the computer I use to control my rig.  Product: I have a Sony mx-5r and I'm a big fan of the Sony sound quality. I can't believe that it's the same price as my mx7! The mic preamps are amazing. I'm using this to record vocals in the studio and mixing on the computer. The mx2 is the same mic that I used on my mxs but it sounds just as good. The USB input is the best I've used. It's super easy to use. I love the built in microphone preamp as well. I also use the sony digital mixer. This is my favorite all around digital mixer and I've had no issues with the mixer at all. The only downside is that the cable that comes with the mxd is pretty short but the USB is long enough. I still recommend this mic over the mxs and sony mixer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best piece of gear I have ever used! I bought this for my wife and for the first time, she is actually using it and enjoying it. She's been using a Sony digital camera for a few years now and the new Canon 5D Mark III is so much better in every way. It is so sharp, has much better battery life, is much easier to use, and has a very good build quality. If you're looking for a great digital camera and don't have to spend a lot of money, you can't go wrong with this one. A bit more on the camera: It has a super high resolution LCD and you can change it to a nice touch screen for shooting photos. The pictures are great too. I haven't taken any great pictures yet but my wife has and she's a very happy camper. I don't see anything wrong with the battery life as it seems to last longer than the Sony cameras I have.  My only problem is the fact that it does not auto-focus and is very difficult to get good pictures.  The only complaint is that it doesn't have an LED flash. It does have a small button on the side which you can use to activate the flash. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Very useful, very portable, good quality, very durable and durable in this case, and for the price I don't think I'll need to upgrade.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great value!  I bought this as a replacement for a laptop that is a decade old and not the best for gaming. I wanted something that could replace a computer I had and still be very powerful and the GX850 is excellent. I play on a laptop, so it is not as powerful as my desktop, but it is fast. I don't have a big problem with the fact that the Gx850 is smaller and cheaper than my laptop, but I do wish the backlight was more responsive.   If you're looking for something with good battery life and a great price then this is a great choice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this keyboard for a friend and he was very happy with it. I've tried other keyboards and they are just not as nice or as powerful. This is a great keyboard and I'm very pleased. I have been typing on a Microsoft keyboard for years, and this one is a lot more comfortable and has better key placement than a Microsoft one. The only downside is that it's a little on the large size, but that is just because of the size of my hands. Overall it is a good product, and I will recommend it to my friends.  I really love my IBM Selectric, I had my original model for about 10 years and then my sister gave me her old one to try out. It is awesome, the key placement is great and it's nice to type on. My only complaint is the keyboard doesn't come with a USB cable and I am hoping that will be fixed soon. , December 1, 2005  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark W. from Excellent keyboard with nice layout. This has been a favorite for me. The key placement feels good, and it is very nice to use. This model comes with a decent set of features: The keycaps are a nice medium blue, and there is a nice silver logo on the back of the keyboard. The keys are also very smooth, and the actuation is nice. I also like the fact that the bottom row of keys have a different look to them. I can use a macro on the left and a special key on the right. The case is sturdy, and doesn't wobble too much when you are typing. I do have a couple complaints: First, the top row of functions keys is very similar to the original IBM model, so it isn't a huge deal, but I prefer the IBM model. Second, there is no way to turn the keyboard into a USB keyboard. This would have made it much better. Overall, it is my favorite keyboard, and is a very good value.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my second iMac. This is a great computer! It's so much more powerful than my last one, and it has a much faster processor and RAM. I'm using the wireless keyboard and mouse, but I have the touchpad as well. It has all the features I need and the best price on the web. I've also heard from many people who have the same complaints as me.  Have you read any of the customer reviews on this site about iMacs?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The sound is excellent. I've owned the original Sound Blaster for a few years now and the sound quality is as good as ever.   This is my 3rd SB so far and they all sound great. This one has a little more rumble to it and a bit more distortion which I really like. I just bought my new Sound Blaster Z and it's my go to for gaming.   with all these great sound quality, the built in speaker and sound quality and the price, it's a no brainer. I highly recommend this product and would buy it again.   and if you have one already get one of these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- The product is well built, works as expected. No problem at all. I use the light as a remote for my digital clock. I have had no trouble at all with this product. -------------------------- The best bang for the buck ------------------------ The Best bang for buck  --------------------------- Very Satisfied  ------------ ------------ Very satisfied  -------------- -------------- I've had a couple of different devices but this one is by far the best I have ever purchased   --------------------- My wife loves it  ------------- ------------- My wife doesn't  --------- -------------- Great Value  ------------------------------- --------------- Great Product  --------------- -------------- Works as expected   ------------------------------ Great price  ----------------------------------------------- ------------- A great deal  ---------------------------------------------------------- My daughter loves it ------------------------------ ------------- It's a great product  ---- ------------- The Best Bang for the Buck  --- -------------- The Best  -------- -------------- My daughter has it for a few months and loves it --------------------- ------------- Very Satisfying  ---------- --------------- Very Satisfaction  ----------- --------------- The best value  ------ -------------- It works great   ---- -------------- Very satisfied!   ----- -------------- Good product  ------------------------------- ------------ Excellent   -------- -------------- Quality Product  ----------- --------------- Good Product  --------- --------------- A must have   ---------------------------------------------- I am using this product for my daughter's bedroom and it works like a charm. I can use the remote to control all of the lights, fans and all the other devices I have in my room and I do not need to change any bulbs or adjust anything. I am very happy with this purchase. -------------- Excellent -------------- ---------------------- I have used other products and have not found a better deal --------------- ------------------------------ Excellent Product --------------- -------- --------------- My daughter is very pleased with the product ------------- ------------------------------ The best Bang for your buck --------------- --------- --------- -------------- Nice product  --------- ---------- -------------- Simple to use   --------- --------- --------- Good value  --------- ----- ------------- Works well   ------ ------------- Great deal  --------- ------- --------------- I would recommend   --------------------- Very Satisfed  ----- --------------- Excellent Product ------------------------------- ----- --------------- Nice   --- ------------- Simple  ----------------- -------------- Easy to use ----------------- ----- ------------ Simple   ------- ------------- Easy to Set Up   - --------------- ---------------------- The Best Product  ------------------- ------------- Nice Product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this thing to listen to music on the train ride from the city to the beach. I had it connected to my computer via a USB cable. I was able to play music from my iTunes library. I have never had a problem with my previous Bluetooth speaker. This thing is a little loud but it does get the job done. I recommend this thing.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm pretty happy with this purchase. The quality is excellent, it's very small, light weight, compact, and the speakers are clear and loud. The only con is the power cord, which is a little long and doesn't sit flush against the phone, but it does provide enough juice to keep it going.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************  This is a very well built device and very easy to use. The ability to do so many things at once is amazing!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I just got this item and it has worked perfectly. This is my first digital camera and I have to say it is a great piece of kit. It's easy to use and I love the ability to change the camera and lenses without having to change a thing. The only downside I can see is that the battery lasts only for about a week but that is just a tiny price to pay to get a good quality camera. I would highly recommend this camera and the battery will last for ages and ages.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from The best of the bunch! The only camera I own. I use it as a regular, and with a lens for the street. Works well with the camera app. Love the wide angle lens!  I'm new to digital photography. I bought the Canon EOS 6D in November and so far I'm very pleased. The camera has great features, great low light performance and it's super easy to operate. It has the features you'd expect from a camera of this type: a zoom range of 3.2-6.3 and a focus mode of AF/MF/AF-S. It also has a built in flash. I'm using a Canon 50mm f1.8, which is a standard lens for most cameras. I haven't found the perfect lens yet. The autofocus is fast and accurate, but it isn't as accurate as the Canon 18-55mm kit lens. I've found that the lens is a little too wide for my needs. I'd prefer something a bit smaller. The images are very sharp, and there's a great amount of control over the ISO and exposure. The pictures are very well processed. :)  The pictures are not sharp, but at the very least they are usable. You can't expect perfection from a digital camera, but I'm pleased with what I've got so far. 's review of this product is based on a retail purchase. The product review is written by a third party. Customer reviews are written honestly from the customer's own experience and opinions.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought a new Samsung tablet for my college library to use as a book reader. It is perfect, and my students like it. I wish the book reader would come in a larger size.  Good book-reader but needs a bigger screen:  A nice sized e-reader with great features for the price. I bought it on a recommendation from a coworker and have been pleased with the purchase. However, the screen is a little too small to read in a typical classroom environment. The small size is an advantage when using the device in the car but makes reading difficult when in class.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The price is great and this device is just as good if not better than other models on the market!!!  I'm sure I'll use this every day:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The fact that it's waterproof and has a built-in camera is a great feature and makes this the best value in camera. This is the only one I own and I'm sure it will stay in use for a long time.  Good product at a good price:!!!!!! This is a really good value and I've been very happy with it. It works very well and it's nice to know I can have it around and use it all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I love my iphone4s!!! I have not yet been able to find the iphones in the US but ive bought 2 in the UK and they are great!!!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new version of the Icom IC-703A is the same as the ICOM IC-702A, but with improved features. It is much better than the I com IC-705A, which has a very narrow beam. I will be using the I Com IC-706A instead of the IC-701A because of its larger beam. The Icom is very quiet, even in the middle of a busy road. I like the small size of the antenna and the easy mounting and unmounting of the unit. The antenna works with a variety of vehicles, and has no problems picking up the local stations. I really like this little antenna, and it works great with my old Motorola DSP-300. I can hear all my local stations easily on my old phone. Rated 5 out of 5 by Wlod from  Perfect for me  I've been using a Sennheiser ER4 since I was 18 years old and have had to change it out a few times.  These new ones are much smaller and a lot more compact.    I have the older version of these so I have some experience but this one has exceeded my expectations.  The beam width is about the same for all the different models but the ER4 is a bit narrower.  Rated 3 out of the 5 by mwk1 from Very good antenna for the money  I love the new Icom antenna. It has a great beam and it's really easy to use. The only thing is it can be a little hot, especially if it's windy out, but other than that it's a great antenna.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I bought this because of the reviews about its size. It is a good sized keyboard, and very good sound quality. I am a musician, and it is a perfect solution to have a MIDI controller. I do not want to have to buy multiple controllers because I am not good at remembering all the controller commands and what they do. I have my Yamaha keyboard with a computer controller for all the other music I do. It's a great device!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The best thing about this thing is the quality of the sound! It is so good I am using it on my computer. The sound is so clean and clear and if you can get it set up to your needs it is worth every penny. It is easy to use, plug in and use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is awesome. The only problem I had with this is the size. It was perfect for my needs but I can't really put this one away since it was such a great purchase. Rated 5 out of 5 by JL from Very happy with the purchase I am very happy with this product. I have been wanting an mp3 player for quite some time. I ordered this based on a recommendation from a friend who had used it. It works great, easy to use, good sound quality, and it is extremely portable.  Rated 4 out of 4 by Mck from Works as expected I purchased this mp3 players for my parents who do not like to listen to music. The first day I used it I went out and bought a second one and used it at home as well. The quality of the sound is better then the one I have and the size is perfect for the amount of music I have on my phone. My wife and daughter both like to use this. It is small and light so it is very portable. It also has a very good build quality.  and a little cheaper than the name says!  Reviewed by Matt from Works well with a lot of music. Works great with a bunch of music on the go, and even with my iphone, and my wife and kids. The controls are great and the volume is perfect.  the only thing I can complain about is that the usb port is very close to the jack and can't get it out. that's really only a problem if you have a lot to play and want to play music with one hand while holding your phone and the other hand with your phone, but it's not a big deal. The design is great too, and the usb is a lot bigger then the port.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I love this little thing! The light and the ability to change modes is perfect. It is very easy to use and has a very good battery life. I love that it has a "pinch" feature on the top of it to hold it. I wish there was a way to change the batteries or the settings, but there is a built in USB port. I also wish that it came with a case but other than that, I can't complain. I can use it to change my iPod songs and videos to music and to listen to music on the go. I don't have a TV, but I have my computer hooked up to a TV so I can see the images on the screen and the music on my iPod. I think I will buy this again!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using a small digital clock with this device for a few weeks now. I am extremely pleased with this product. I have a number of timers but they are not nearly as useful as this product is. This is the first clock that I have owned that is so easy to use. I'm so pleased with my purchase that I bought a second one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device for about a week and its great. it has a great quality sound and the only thing i dont like is the remote. ive found myself going back to my old old remote. but this remote is better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  - Good battery life and small size  __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was looking for a wireless microphone that had good audio quality, that was portable, and that would work with any device. This mic is great, and very easy to use. The only negative I can say about this mic is that it does not seem to work with a lot of devices that I own. I have a small iPod Touch, an iPod Nano, and a small iPhone 4S. The mic will work with all of them, but if the audio gets distorted, it sounds like it is on a defective device. Other than that, I'm very happy with this mic!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from It's a great product, but.... It's been quite a while since I've reviewed a product. So here's a short one. The microphone itself is a little on the flimsy side. But that's a price you have to pay for the quality of the sound you can get. The sound of the microphone is very clear and crisp, so it sounds really good in a recording studio or in a home. I would recommend it for those who want a good quality sound for their iPhone, but would be more than happy to give it a try on a PC or computer to see if it works.  Read more reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this about a year ago and I love it. I use it for my computer and it does the job perfectly. It does have a tendency to overheat but it is a good little tool. The only negative is that you have to be very careful when working on the wires and when you remove the case from the device.  Also, the case is very hard to open and close and it's not easy to remove the battery if you happen to have the battery in the case. A little expensive for the features, but I love the small size and the fact that the device has an LED light to indicate battery level, so I always know when the battery is low and when it's full. I have to say I was very surprised to find that the case was actually a little cheap, I thought the price would be a little higher.  Overall, I give it 4 stars and would buy it again if I ever need a backup.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  It was an excellent deal. It has all the features I need and more. I will be ordering another one very soon. _____________  I like the speed, the battery life, the size, the weight, the quality of the product and the price. __________________  for more information about the E-Pace, please visit: http://www.e-race.com/  E-PACE E-TECH  Founded in 2006, E-Race is the original and largest manufacturer of e-trikes in the world. With over 200,000 units shipped to customers, E2-Trike is the most popular e-Tower.  To learn more about E-Racing and E2Trike visit:  http://www-2.e2trike.com  or call: .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I was the first one on the block to buy one of these!   -S.H.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It has an LED backlight and is good for a first time purchase. I bought this after reading other reviews on Amazon. It is nice to have the backlight but the button is a little difficult to press, but this could be solved with a new set of buttons or a better switch. I did like the small size of this but would prefer something with a little more power.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* This is an amazing product! I bought this for my son for his birthday and it was a great present. He loves it. It's very bright and easy to read. I use the phone on my laptop when I am at work. It also works as a flashlight. I recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love the sound quality of this device, especially compared to my old portable radio. I have a Sony PDP-110 portable, and I am happy that it does not have the same sound quality as the CD player. I used to use a Sennheiser HD 800 for portable music. I really love this device. It is a good deal at $100 and the sound is quite good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great computer! It is fast, has good graphics and great sound. I am very happy with it. I have a friend who bought a similar computer and it works great. I would definitely buy from this company again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** I got this for my husband, and he loved it! He says he can't wait to get another one.  Great product: ****************** This was my first purchase from B&H and I am pleased. The product arrived quickly and is well made. The unit works great and is easy to set up and use. I am very satisfied with the product and will be back to buy from B & H again!  Best value I have ever had!: ************* This is my first electronic product, and I can't think of a better value than this. The remote control is amazing, very easy to use, and has everything you need to have a great night. The screen is clear and bright, and the sound is very clear and loud. I really like the sound and am happy with it. I've had the tv for a little over a month now, and it works like a charm. I have also had the remote control for a month, and am really pleased with it as well. The one complaint I have is that the remote is a little hard to use sometimes, and that could be the reason for the problem.  (Posted on 2/13/2014)  Works great. Easy to use. Great price.: ********* This is the perfect product to control your tv or tv set up with your cellphone. You can connect to the tv and play your music through the phone and you can watch movies and tv shows through the tv. The quality is great and it is so easy to install and operate. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because I wish the remote had the option of changing channels in the channel wheel. The channel wheel should have the ability to turn channels. I think that would make it a 5. (Posted 8/17/2013) 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a very nice piece of gear, it's simple and it's a great deal, the sound is great and I love the interface I have, the software is pretty good. I'm very happy with it and it has done exactly what I needed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by TheMightyPig from Great sound and easy to use I bought this product to get the bass out of my hi-fi. It works well and it works right out of the box. I bought it with the extra cables to connect to my powered subwoofer, and it worked great with my system. It's a very well made product and the software works great. It was a little expensive, but I think it's well worth the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My iphone is great for watching videos on my iphones, iphoned and iphobooks. The iphonestep iphono player iphosoft iphook iphotop iphoto iphoshare iphoss iphoross ike iphonote iphoseek iphonet iphony iphoom iphontable iphoupe iphoneware iPod iphobeep iPod ipod iphonenote ipoht iphoner iphop ipoge ipopo iphost ipoo iphoth iphote ipsip ipsit ipsi ipsock ipson ipsol ipsoup ipsor ipsort ipsurp ipsx iple iphreak iphrex iphres iphrew iphs iphswt iphoned iphous iphu iphun iphone iphoy iphouse iphum iphux iphx iphyl iphz iplay ipho ipl iplp ipls iPower ipsic ipsis ipsite iplw ipsys ipm ipsy ipsz ipzs irf irp irr irt isb isc isd isf ist isi ism isn iso isq iss isl islw islx isr ist istx itc ittc itt itw itx iw iwt ixc ixd ixe ixg ixf ixi ixj ixk ixl ixm ixn ixo ixp ixq ixr ixs ixt ivc ivd ivf ivg ivj ivk ivl ivm ivn ivo ivp ivq ivs ivt iwi iwj iwk iwl iwp iwq iws iwu iwv ixx ixy ixz izf izg izh izi izj 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The T901D is an excellent device for it's price. It's compact, easy to use, and has all the features you would want. I purchased a replacement for my older T903D which I had bought because I was tired of having to carry around two of the larger T906s. I'm very happy with the T909D and would recommend it to others.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ A good product with a bad warranty. This is the only device I use for watching videos. I have a Samsung 55" TV with the latest firmware (4.4.2). I downloaded the video streamer software from this website and loaded it on the TV and connected it to my laptop using a USB cable. The only problem is that the device never started. The first time I tried to start it I got the following message: "Could not load the software. This software is not supported on this system." So I tried again but it still wouldn't start. So I thought to check on the manufacturer website. The message from the website said "Unfortunately, the software is only supported on a specific type of PC. We recommend you purchase a new video player." I decided to try again. I downloaded it again, downloaded the latest update from the manufacturer and started it. It worked! I was very surprised and was happy I tried it. So if you have a problem with your video player, buy this one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ejc_c
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  I was a bit hesitant to get this device, because I have been in the market for a smartwatch for a while now. After my previous watch died (a Samsung), I decided to try the Pebble. It works like a charm, but I wish there was more control. I have a small hand, and can't reach all the buttons, so that's why I think there should be more buttons on the face. Other than that, it's a great watch.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* Love my new computer. It is great and super easy to use. It keeps me up to date with the latest tech info. The internet connection is fast. The mouse and keyboard are easy to move around. I like the touch screen display and the battery life is great. Highly recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by John from Awesome Computer I was looking for a laptop for my son. I am so happy I found this laptop. I can't wait to use it. I'm so impressed with the size, weight, and size of the battery. I would highly recommend this laptop and I will be recommending this to my friends.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This device is really good and the screen is awesome. The only thing I don't like is the fact that you have to plug it in to the computer every night. I had to plug my computer into the back to make it work. I also have an old computer that works great, so I don`t understand why you have such a problem with this one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 25, 2013  This is an excellent device. The sound quality is excellent. The display is great. It has all the features I want from a computer. 's great. The screen is great.' I am very satisfied with my purchase. The purchase was made by a good company with a good price.  a good product  by A Customer from LOUISVILLE KY USA  Pros: Easy to use. Very clear. Fast, fast!  Cons: None  Review: This is an awesome device. I am a programmer and have been using computers and other gadgets for years. The audio input on the computer is a nice bonus. My wife was also happy with the purchase. ,  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, May 14, 2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device for several weeks now. It's great at what it does. It does everything that it says it does and i really like it. The only thing i can think of is that i wish there was a way to customize the buttons. If it was just the volume up and down buttons, then i would be very happy. The power switch is a little difficult to use sometimes, but i guess i just have a bad memory. But the good thing is that there are lots of different themes available to customize. I have a black and white one, a black one with green buttons, a white one with orange buttons, and a green one with blue buttons. Overall, i really love the thing. It looks nice on my desk. I would recommend it to anyone who has a computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- The iMac G3 was my first Mac, and my first "real" computer. The first one was just a little slow, but the last one was rock solid. I'm glad I went with the G3. The price is great too. I do not think the 3.1 G3 is the best machine, but it's good enough. I can do everything a computer should do, and the software is up to date. The only thing is, if you're planning on buying the G4 (which is what i have), don't wait too long because the G5 and G6 will have the same great software.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It works as advertised. I'm a very visual person and I like the way the screen looks on the front. The speakers sound good too.  I just had the keyboard replacement on the back and the keys don't fit well. I'll probably go back and get the replacement keys and keys for the other computer. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the original Sony Walkman for a while now, and I really like it. It's small, light, and compact, and it can hold a lot of music. I have not used the Walkman in a long time, but I am looking forward to getting it up to speed with my music collection. It can play some really good mp3 files, but it can also hold a good amount of music and is small enough to not take up much space in my bag. I don't know about you, but my music is a little eclectic, and a Walkman like this is a good way to get all of my music in one place. It's a good looking device, and while it's not the fastest I've ever used, I don.t see any reason to get a slower model.  The battery lasts forever, and the sound quality is top notch.  This Walkman is the best, period.  It's not just a good design, it's an amazing design.   I'm sure that you'll find some issues with the device, but the quality of the design and the quality and reliability of this Walkman will last forever.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I am a professional musician. I have used many electronic instruments but the Yamaha MT-20 is the only one that is not a toy. It is a very good and very musical instrument that produces the same sound with my professional setup. The sound is more realistic than the Yamaha TC-20. The volume and tone controls are very easy to use and to change the sound. The only thing I would like to have in the MT-40 is the option to store the sounds. The MT-30 has the sounds stored in the back. This means that if you lose the back of the MT20, the sounds are lost forever. You need to keep the back to play the sound again if you have to. Overall, I am very satisfied with the MT30 and I think I will purchase the MT40. I love the volume and sound of the Yamaha.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent sound! This is a great little sound module, very easy on the ears and has lots of options for you to choose from. I used it to make a couple of simple ambient pieces to accompany my piano. I also use it for some really heavy electronic sounding stuff. Great value for money!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little skeptical when I first opened the box. I had a few old Sony devices that I was never happy with but I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the Sony DSP-1000. It is an outstanding piece of equipment. The software is easy to use and I am looking forward to using this on a variety of audio and video projects. I'm also interested in the Sony SDR-BDR100 and I've had the chance to use it with a DTS decoder. I plan to use the SDR for an FM radio. The only complaint I have is the lack of USB ports. I really wish there was an additional USB port to use with a second computer or a USB hub. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great piece of kit but a little tricky to set up The DSP1000 is an excellent piece of technology that makes a very good audio source. The interface is very easy to set-up and it works great with my Windows PC. The audio quality is excellent. However, when I tried to connect it to a second device, I found that the device I connected it to would not work. I found this very frustrating and the solution that I came up with is to remove the battery before I plug the DSP into the other device. This solved the problem but I have to use a different USB cable for that device now. Overall, the Dsp1000 is a great piece that I would highly recommend to anyone who is into audio or video work.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   If you are looking for a portable, powerful, small, and light battery operated watch, you will not be disappointed with the Pebble. It is very small and fits easily in one's pocket. The time and date display is very bright, crisp and clear. The battery life is very good for a wrist-based watch. The Pebble is easy to read, and very easy to use.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for about 3 months now and ive had no problems at all with it and it has worked great. i am very satisfied with the product and the support from my company and i would recommend it to everyone.  I had my original one for about 6 months and it was working fine. Now I bought the second one, which has a 2 year warranty. The first one has been running great for the past 2 months, but now the back light is going out. It has to do with the battery. I have used it for over a year now, with no problems. Now the back lights are completely dead. It would have been a $100 purchase, if I had been told about this in the beginning.  I have had the same issue with the first one. This time I've got a replacement back light which seems to be working much better. I bought 2 of these so I will see how long it lasts before it breaks again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really liked the new Voodoo 5! This is my first "high end" computer and it's great! I am extremely happy with the build quality, the operating system, the drivers, and the overall experience. The only thing I am a little worried about is the software and the Windows Update, but if I can fix it I'll be extremely happy! This thing is pretty slick and I really like the feel of the aluminum. The mouse is pretty good as well! I wish the graphics were a little more detailed but I can live with it. Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase and would definitely recommend this to any new computer buyers!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: pcworldstore
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s is a great phone  By M.A. on May 28, 2015 Byon May 28 the phone is nice to have but the one thing that I really want is the sd card slot in the case the samsung s3 and s4 have no sd slot but the s6 has it in the box  by D.R. on Feb 23, 2015 byon Feb 23 the case looks nice but the phone still does not fit in it.  great phone but not as good as s3  The phone is really good! I bought it for my daughter as she wants to play more than the old model iPhone she got when she was 5. The only thing I don't like about it is the lack of SD slot. I would like it to have that, as I keep my iPod, a phone, and a couple of games on there at any given time. I have had it for a little over a week now and it's great, but I wish it had the SD slot in it, and I hope it's not an issue for future versions of the phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------This is my first computer since I bought one about ten years ago. I was looking for a good replacement for my aging Apple Mac and this is a good one. I like the size and that it is a Windows machine. I can connect to a printer and use my Windows XP laptop with it. The keyboard is a bit stiff but I have not had any problems with it yet. The processor is powerful but the computer has only had a couple of hours of use. Overall I am very happy with this purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by KJ from Great for Home Browsing Bought this laptop to replace an older computer. It is light, compact, powerful, and has enough memory to run a large program library. I would recommend this to any Windows PC user.  the best! my new home computer. it's amazing!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this to get rid of the old crappy battery in my sony mvd, which I don't really use anymore. The build quality is good, and it has a nice screen, and a good battery life. It also has a decent mic and good sound quality.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 17, 2014  Excellent  by Richard from Blytheville AR USA  Pros: Great sound quality and great size.  and great sound quality  Cons: A little short battery life  Review: Very pleased with the product. I'm using the unit as my main audio source for music. ,  was this review helpful to you?: yes  Great little portable  View All Reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I was looking for a good sound card to run my audio on my pc that has 2 gig of ram. I was using an nvidia card and i have had the same problem with a sound card i bought. It was only $20 so i thought i would give it a try. I installed the driver from the internet. After i started it it works fine. I am happy with the sound card and it will be a good purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jk912 from Great card for the money Bought this card for a small PC I've been working on and haven't had any problems with it so far. Runs all my programs perfectly and the speed is excellent. It doesn't get too hot and it's quiet as well. The only downside is the driver for the card is a bit outdated but nothing a quick update couldn't fix.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the tp-1s for about a year now. it is a very good product for the price. it works flawlessly. its small size allows for easy storage in my pocket. i would highly recommend it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, July 19, 2016  It's a great device  by C from Chicago IL USA  Review: The first one I bought had a bad connection to the battery. So I ordered another. This one is just as good.  the first one i bought had to be charged a couple of times a week and had to replace the batteries. - This is a good quality product  - Very light  This product is worth the money. I highly recommend this product. . :  I have tried the others in this series and found them to be inferior.  and I found the quality to be good but the price to be low. This is the only one I would buy again.  The only thing that is a bit annoying is that the remote does not have a power button. So you have to be a little careful when you press it. I have to use the small buttons on my phone to get the power.  of course I would not buy the new model but this is a great little device for the money and does exactly what I need it to. I would recommend this to anyone.  in fact if I had to choose between this and my phone I would choose the tpr-1 over the phone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the first time i've owned an Apple Watch and it's an excellent device. I was very excited about getting the watch as my last watch and i just wanted to say thank you. The watch works as it should and it looks good. I do have one small complaint and that is the watch does need to be connected to your iPhone. It does not work unless it is connected to my iPhone but that is not really a big deal. I really like how i can see my heart rate and calories burned. I've only been wearing the watch for a couple days and so far its been great. I just wish i could connect it to my car or to my computer. I also wish that i could get a bigger screen.   I like the watch and will be buying one for my wife. It is nice to have a small watch that doesn't take up a lot of space in your pocket.   is the new Apple Watch a big step forward in the world of health monitoring?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's easy to connect to any device using a USB cable, but if you connect to a computer with a USB hub, it's not as simple as you might think. I've been using this device for a month now and it's great. It's small and light, and you can connect up to 10 devices at once. It also works well with Windows 7, but I have only tried it on Windows 8.0 and Windows 8, but so far I like the idea. If you have any questions about the device, just ask.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The best of the best for your money. The quality of this product is top notch. I use it for my computer. I'm not going to buy another.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this a couple of months ago, and it's still in its original box. I have no complaints about the device, although I do have to say that the volume control on this is a little too sensitive, so I have to turn it all the way up just to get it to work. I don't know if this is just me, or if there is a way to make it less sensitive, but I'm still not happy with it. If I could give it less than 5 stars, I would, but that's just me.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought a Nixeus Eee Pad last year, as I've been wanting one of these for a while. It was pretty quick and easy to get, and a couple of days of fiddling around later, I had a working Nixeon EeePad. The screen is just as I remembered, and the battery life was a bit shorter than I thought. The Nixey's keyboard is pretty decent, too, although the keys are slightly different than the EeePads. The touchpad is a little flimsy, but the touch screen works fine. I like the Nixes on this one, and if you like the touchpad, you'll like this one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works well, screen is small. I have been using this for a few weeks now and am happy with the size and quality. My only issue with the screen is that it is so small that I have to be careful when I'm using it and my hands are always a bit sweaty. It is a great device and I'm looking forward to the next Nixeye device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this device now for 2 months and it works very well. The only thing that bothers me is that it is not compatible with my cell phone. So, I bought a new one from another website. But this device is really nice. I really like the way that it has all the functions that I need and it has very good quality. It has a battery that lasts a long time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a very good sound device. I have used this a couple of times now, and it is a perfect size for my ears. The sound quality is good and I haven't found anything wrong with it. The only downside is that it is quite loud. I don't know why, but it really bothers me. I also bought the sound card separately for my sound system. The price was very good and the sound quality good as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! The sound quality is incredible for such a small device. It's just sooo much fun to listen to and use. It is perfect for when I want to get on the computer and use the computer at the same time without having to go to my bed to get it out. This is a very useful tool. It can be charged via a usb or it can be used to play music and it has a small microphone for talking. The only thing is, I wish the volume knob would go all the way up so I could hear my own voice. Also, the screen doesn't turn off when it's not in use, so I don't know how long this thing will last. Overall a very good product. I'm very happy I bought it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best sound for the price It's a nice little portable headphone amp. It has a nice, warm sound and can handle a lot. The batteries last quite a while, but I wish that there were a USB port to charge it when it was in use. But, overall, it's a great buy for the money. - - - -
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first experience with an iDevices iDRAC, but i have no reservations in saying that i have a good experience. The iDRac is easy to use, fast to boot up, easy to connect to my home network, easy setup and use, and it's very well built. I am very happy with this purchase.  - Michael H.  to make iDevice's iDR ac easier to use:    I have used a couple of different devices to play music from my mp3 player and this is a lot better. Very easy to install, use, connect to wifi. The only thing i have noticed is the iDRadio has no audio on startup, i have to connect via the usb cable and then it works great. The sound quality is also excellent. The iDR AC is a great device and the sound quality can be better.  The iDevicem's are a great price for a very good product.  I bought this product as a gift for my dad who is a musician. He is now hooked!  It is a good product that does what it is supposed to do. - Chris P. to make IDevices' iDRace easier touse: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!I bought a KEF Q100 for a friend and was very pleased with the quality of the product and the speed of delivery.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a good little toy. The suction cup works well.  The remote has a built in battery so you can play with it in the bedroom.    The suctions cup can be hard to use at times though, and I think that would have been more of an issue if the suction was on the side of the toy.  If I was going to buy another one I would definitely go for the longer cord for the remote, and not the short cord.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was given a 3 year warranty for this device because it came with one, and I am so glad I did. It's so easy to use. No issues at all. I use this with my computer and I like the sound quality, it's not a cheap stereo. I just wish it was bigger! I also really like that you can use the headphones on it's own and you don't have to buy a separate headset. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a decent stereo headphone. I will definitely buy another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was a bit skeptical about the price but after using the unit for a couple of days I am impressed. It is a nice little device for the price and it seems to do exactly what it was intended to do. I use it as a laptop stand for my computer and when I'm using it for my TV it's a nice height and easy to reach. The only thing I'd like to see changed would be to add a USB 3.0 port to the back so that I could connect a USB drive without having to plug in the computer. Other than that, I highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this one for over 2 months and have been very happy with it so far. It is a very solid unit that feels well built. Its a little heavy for a pocket sized unit but I have not experienced any issues. Its very bright and I dont have to change it often. The usb port is easy to use. I use it for my laptop and its a great size. I would definately recommend this device if you are looking for a good small usb device that is bright and easy to connect to.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only thing i have found to replace my iPod. It does all the same things and has the same quality. It even has a built in speaker so you can have a conversation with your friends. The only thing that makes me sad is that it doesn't have a memory option but at least it will last me a while! I highly recommend it!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good quality I bought this to replace a 3rd gen iPod. The quality is great. The built quality is very good. The display is nice and bright. The speakers are very good, and the sound quality is good. I have had it for about a month now, and it's still working well. It's very convenient to just plug it in when you're not using it, and use it to listen to music or podcasts. It doesn't get the job done as a proper music player, but it's nice for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This little light is very convenient. I am a very handy person, but I was not able to do anything with my computer until I bought this. I've only used it once, but it is so convenient. This is a very cool item, but a little pricey for what it is. The fact that it has a USB port and a rechargeable battery is very nice. The only thing I don't like about this light is the fact that you can only plug it in one way. The light is only capable of sending the blue (on/off) signal. It is kind of annoying that you cannot control the light from the USB port (or the rechargeable batteries) like you can with other flashlights.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best remote for my car and has done a great job for my older car.  I can easily access all of the controls on the vehicle without having to get out of the vehicle. ___________________________________________ I am so pleased with my new remote control. It is very easy to use and works flawlessly with my Toyota 4Runner. I have owned it for only a few days but so far I am very satisfied. ___________________________________________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been using a D-Link DIR-655 for a few weeks now, and I'm very pleased with the device and the ease of use. I use my laptop to access the internet and run several different programs, including a spreadsheet program, a game program, and several media applications. The D-link dongle is very well built and the performance is very good. It is small, portable, and very quiet. The wireless range is great and I can access most of my network easily from a single device. I highly recommend this device!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Wireless Router for the price I have used a Wireless N router in the past, but the price just doesn't justify the performance. I've had the wireless range of the d-link for a month now, which is great. I'm a heavy user of Netflix, and have to have it be able to handle all my video. I don't want to pay for a wireless router that can't do what I need it to do, so this one has done a great job so far. The router has a USB port on it which I use for the keyboard and mouse.  Reviewed by Daniel from Great Quality This router is great for its price. I can use it in a home environment or workstation setting, and it's quite simple to setup. . This router was purchased to use in my home business, and to add a wireless access point to connect my wireless printers to my network. The performance and the range is excellent. This was a great buy! :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this as a gift for my brother who loves his PC, he is also an engineer. He wanted to know what I thought of it. I did the usual, read about it, watch a video on it, play with it, all in all I really enjoyed it, even though I don't really like playing games. I also really liked the look of it, I like the different color and the design of the keyboard and the touchpad. I'm not going to go too much into the hardware, because I already did that, but the software is very good and very easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a fantastic piece of electronic gear. I had no problems using the unit as intended. The display on this thing is great and easy to read. The buttons on the unit are good, not too mushy. The only thing I would change would be the buttons on either side of the unit where the batteries go in the unit. They get stuck pretty easily. The unit comes with the charger that it uses to charge the battery's on the other side. There is no built in charger for this unit, so you need to use a different charger to recharge it.  I wish there was one. It's very easy to use the unit and it has been working flawlessly for the past month. I would definitely recommend this unit.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This was my first electronic device, and it's not even a real computer. It's not a big screen, but the quality is good. It has 2 usb ports and one audio jack. It is small and portable, but its good quality. I have used it with my tv and laptop, and both work great. The only problem is that the batteries run out fairly quickly, but that's not really a problem because they are replaceable. The price is good and it will probably last a while. Overall it is a great device, it's just the battery life sucks.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ _______________________ This is a great sound board. __________ _______________ _____________________ I am very happy with my purchase. ______________________ _____________ __________________ I am glad I bought this product. ________________________________________ __________________________________________________________  Write a bad review about an electronic device : ____________ _________________ ________________________________________________ This product is bad ______________________________________ _________________________________ ____________________ I got the sound board and was expecting a lot but what I got is a piece of junk ____________________________________ __________________________________ ___________________ I would never recommend this product _____________________________________ _______________________________________ ________________________________  If you're looking for an affordable, high quality soundboard, you're in the right place!  I have two of these soundboards, and they are great! One is my main computer soundboard. The other is my personal soundboard that I use at home, for listening to music and podcasts. I am a professional audio engineer and I'm very happy that I bought these sound boards. They are very easy to use, and I find myself using them more and more. They also come with some extra sound clips, which is a nice bonus. My only complaint is that they are not very bright, and the only thing that can help is to put them in a very dark room.  Best sound board I've ever had. Great price. 'soundboard is the best. I have had this for 3 months and I have not had a single problem. The sound quality is great and it works great for my computer. I don't use the volume control but I love the ability to have a loud computer and have it go very quiet in another room. I also love the sound of the fans when they are running and the cool touch it gives to my computer screen. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A very good product that is well worth the money. I have two of these, and one for my girlfriend. I use the first one to listen to my iPod and to read on the computer. I also have a digital stereo for the same reason. She has one for her ipod and an old portable stereo for listening to the radio. She loves them both. It's very easy to use, the battery lasts a long time, and it's a little bit bigger than a pack of gum. The only problem I've had is the cable coming out of the iPod. It doesn't seem to go where I want it to. I'd prefer a thinner cable, but I'll get over that.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was able to get a couple hours of use out of this, which is great. It does its job, but doesn't do it as well as I would like. The software is a bit dated, but the device itself is a good buy. I'm glad I got this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best portable digital music player i have ever owned. It works perfectly for my job. It comes with tons of accessories like a CD reader and a remote. I am very happy with my purchase. If you are looking for a good music player, i highly recommend this one. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a good portable digital player.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great device, very portable and very easy to use. It is very quiet and I love that I can record my guitar while it is on my desk or in my bag. I am currently using it for the first time and I have to say it is very well built and has a very good sound. The only thing I wish it had is a way to record a podcast so you can listen to it with a podcast player. Also, I am not a fan of the fact that you have to plug the power into the back of the unit which has a few disadvantages. I do not think it is worth the money, but it is nice that I have it. I will continue to use this until I can get my hands on a better one!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've bought this thing a few times. It works great, but I always wish there was a way to connect the 2.4 to my computer and run a program.  But I can't complain, since it's easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  - Best of luck on your quest to become the most powerful machine ever.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm not a fan of most other digital cameras but my S100 has changed my mind about them. I just got the black version and I really like it. I've already recommended it to a friend and it's going to be one of my main cameras.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, January 02, 2011  It's a Good Camera  by Peter from Sacramento CA USA  Pros: Great picture quality, small size, good price, works well with iPhone  Cons: None  Review: I have used a number of digital cameras over the years, but this is my first digital SLR. I like the size, the built-in flash and the ability to do video and stills on the same body. I also like the price, and it is easy to use with the included manual controls. It takes photos on a single card, but I haven't tried the video yet. It also comes with a couple of adapters to use other film cameras (I'm using a Bolex adapter for my 35mm film camera). I've had it for about a month and it has been perfect. I use the flash to illuminate the background, and a small pocket flash on my keychain. I have the latest version of the iPhone app and have not found a better camera app than the one built in to the S100. I think it would be a good buy if the flash wasn't so cheap. :D  Other Thoughts: This is a nice camera. I'm looking forward to shooting with it, and to using it as a backup.  the flash on it is a bit too strong for my tastes though. I would use the light-sensor-less lens instead of the standard zoom-lens to save a bit of weight. I know there are some people who really like the lens, and I'm happy to say that I am one of them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is great. It's small enough to take on a trip, and the fact that you don't have to worry about losing your tablet makes it a great travel companion. I use this device on my iphone 4s, but the same works with the iphones 5/5s as well. The only downside is that the USB connection can be problematic at times.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I had a problem with my old Motorola phone that I have since traded in. The phone would randomly turn on and off (on and off) when I got up in the morning. It would work fine for a while and then go off. I couldn't figure out why and called tech support to find out. They found that the phone was turning off on the power line. The only thing I had done wrong was to not have the phone plugged in.   They were able to fix it and it now works well for me. I have it plugged into my computer and I can hear the phone when I talk on my phone.   on a side note, the tech support guy did a great job and made me feel very confident.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this one for years, it does everything i need it to do. i have an iphone and an ipod. i dont think i could live without either. The only thing i didnt like was the design, but i bought a new iphONE2 about 3 months ago and that has been a huge improvement. I also dont think it is that big of a deal. I would like to see the size of the case be bigger, but that could be because i have the old one, and that iphonelike case is still holding up great. I do wish they would do some more cool things with the case, like a little touch screen, but they dont seem to have the time or the money to do it right.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ The Sound Blaster X7 is a great sounding gaming audio device. I've used many of these types of devices, and I have to say that this one has been my favorite for gaming. The bass is great and the mids are clear, but the highs are a little weak for my tastes. I have the X7 connected to a Windows PC via an audio adapter (Sound Blaster Z) and my Xbox 360. The sound is not too loud, but not too soft, which is perfect for a gaming headset. The microphone is good for voice chat, but it's not great for gaming and there is a slight echo that comes through when I talk. Overall, a great product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a simple to use device that I could use at the gym for weight training. I've always liked the V-Trainer, but I had to spend a lot of money on it to get it working. It works great, but it's not cheap. This one is much cheaper and better quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the T50RP a few years ago, I have had it for years. I love it and use it all the time.   It is the best portable, lightweight, great sounding headphone out there. I also use it with a desktop computer, but that's about it. The sound quality is amazing, I love the sound from it.  , and I do own the T60RP as well.  -   -   the T 50RP is a great, portable, excellent sounding headphone.  Great portable headphone that is easy to use. I like the fact that it has an amp built in. I have two of these and one is my primary headphone. The build quality is excellent.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit was working perfectly out of the box. The only thing is that it came with a small plastic piece that came off with a little bit of pressure from my finger when changing batteries. The other thing that bothers me is that you have to buy a separate wall adapter (the other one is a plug and play) which I don't see as a big deal. It just means I'm going to have to keep buying a new adapter for each battery that comes in. The unit itself is also nice to look at and looks like a well made piece of equipment.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this device because I have a very high sensitivity to vibration and I like to be able to move my head around to see what's happening on the screen. The design is good, but I think it would be a good idea to have the buttons in the center of the device, so that they are not hidden under your hand. The unit is pretty small, but it's well made.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product and works perfectly No, I don't own a P5, but the P5C is really awesome. This is the best wireless charger I've seen. It's a little bit more expensive than the P4, but it's so much better. The power cord is longer (I bought the longer one, because my cable runs too long) and it's a bit more compact, too. The best thing about the P3 is that it has a USB-C port, and that makes it a lot better than the old model. I use my P3 to charge a Nexus 6, which has a special cable with the USB-A to USB-B adapter. I plugged the USB cable from the P2 into the USB port on the Nexus 6 and the charger was able to charge the phone. I would recommend this charger for anyone that wants a good wireless charger. No. The P5 is a really great charger, but I have to say that I am a bit disappointed with the quality of the cables. I'm going to buy another one, but this one is not worth the money. Review of the new P5 Wireless Charger I bought this charger as an upgrade from the original one that came with my P5. It does what it's supposed to do, and has the USB Type C port. But it's not the same as the original charger. This new one comes with a USB Type A cable. That's a shame, as it's easier to use the original cable for the Nexus, because the original Nexus doesn't have a USB type A port. I bought a new cable for my Nexus 6 that comes with it, so it's no longer a problem. The only thing is that I have two cables, one for my P2 and one for the P6. But I just don't like using two cables on my phone. Also, the cables are too short. I can't use my Nexus without a USB cable. So I'd rather have the longer cable with a type A connector. But if you buy the charger for the original P5 instead, you can use the cables with the Nexus.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a really good piece of gear. The sound is very clear and the distortion is pretty well controlled. The only downside to this unit is that the battery life is really only about a half hour or so. I have used it for a couple of hours at a time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great little device. I can get through all of my projects with it. I bought it for a few reasons: 1) it's light and portable; 2) the batteries last forever; 3) the design is simple and functional. It's easy to setup, simple to use and has a nice color scheme. Overall I'm very pleased with this product and would highly recommend it.  I love this thing, it has been my workhorse for almost 4 years. My son is a musician and he uses it to record his parts for songs. It has done it all so far. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've had my new iphone 5s for over a week now and i love it. I'm very happy with the battery life, the screen is amazing, and the apps are amazing! i dont think i can go back to the iphones 3g   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had a good experience with the EOS 7D Mark II so far. It has a fast processor, a very sharp and crisp image, excellent high ISO performance, and very good AF.  The battery life is also quite good - you can get a day out of it easily.  This is the camera I would recommend to a friend and it is my first DSLR and it has really pleased me so far... I've owned several EOS models, from the original EOS 50D to the more recent EOS 6D.  I'm not much of a film or digital photographer, so I was a bit hesitant to purchase a 7D and especially a 7Ds which I knew would be a downgrade in the digital realm.  For the first time in my life I'm able to get some really nice pictures with a digital camera.  As an avid photographer who loves taking beautiful photos, I am very impressed with the 7D.   The 7D has a built-in flash which I really like.    The only thing I would like to see changed in this camera would be the menu options.  The menu system is confusing and the options are all over the place.  Some of the menu functions are not very intuitive and some have confusing acronyms.  I'm really impressed with this camera and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a good device. I use this device to control my car stereo. It's easy to set up and use, and it has lots of settings to control the radio and speakers. The only thing I don't like about it is that the batteries are a little weak. I had to use my spare batteries from my phone to get it going. Other than that, I'm happy with it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've owned a few of these little things and have been very impressed. They have been perfect for my job and the price was right.  My one complaint: I have had two of these come back for service issues. The first one came back because the power supply was bad. I contacted them about it, and they said it was a warranty issue. The second one came in for service because the battery was bad, but they replaced the battery anyway. So, I got the third one, but the second one was a different brand. That was because I got a different model. I just ordered a new one today.  the service is always good. I think I would buy these again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good, durable, and easy to use unit. The battery is very strong. It is also easy to charge. This device is also great for beginners.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  Just a good old fashioned old-fashioned tube amp with tubes.   Last edited by wizkid; 05-17-2016 at 03:09 AM..
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great tool for my job as a web developer. I am able to quickly generate a PDF file of a webpage and then convert it to a readable text file.  It is a little pricey, but well worth the money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I purchased this for a Christmas present for my husband, he was very happy with the purchase. The only thing I do not like about it is the "bump" on the front of the earbuds. It makes it so you have to put them in your ears a lot to hear anything. I love my earbud and I recommend this one. ---------------  The best! The best earbuddings! I have used a lot of different earbuddy's and they all suck. These are by far the best.  They come with a small travel case and a small carrying case which is good. The travel case holds a couple extra pairs and the carrying case holds all my earphones. I don't know why there isn't a longer case but it does not matter because my ear buds are in the travel case. I also bought the ear buds which are the same color as the case. The case fits my ear's perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have had this product for over a year and it still works great. I bought the wireless version but had to switch to wired to save money. The wireless is more powerful than the wired and does not get as hot on the back of my hand as the wired version does. I'm very pleased with this purchase. I wish I had bought the wired one first.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The i-mate does not need a battery. It is completely plug and play.  There is a USB port for charging.  It has a built in LED screen.    It has a nice build quality.  The buttons are good.  I like the screen, and the built in speakers. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device does exactly what it says on the tin.  The design is great, the performance is good and the interface is good.    I have used other products from other vendors and this is by far the best.  "Great Product I really love this product   My wife loves it too   It's small and light   No More Flaky Coils This is the only coil I will use now   No more loose coils   The size is perfect  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.......................................................  I have been using this product for a few years now. It's worked well for my needs. I've used it to stream music from the internet, use to browse the web, and play back video files. It is compact and portable, easy to carry, and it's pretty easy to set up.  My only complaint is that I'm not a big fan of the touch screen. The buttons are not responsive and it takes a lot of time to navigate through menus. :)  :),  best bang for your buck:..............................................................................................  This is the best budget monitor I've ever owned. The screen is bright and has the colors I need. It works well with my old laptop, but it's a tad big for my computer (14 inch).  The best purchase I've made:...........................  After having this monitor for about a month now, I can say that I love it. It provides a great picture, with very good brightness and picture quality. It has a good weight, which helps with the screen wobble and the backlight is great for the brightness. The only downside I can think of is that the cable connector on the back of the monitor is a little hard to work with, but other than that, I love this monitor.    : )  Best buy ever: ............................................... , I have to say that the picture quality is amazing. I use it for gaming, watching videos and watching movies. The resolution is amazing at 1920x1080 and everything is sharp and bright. I am very satisfied with my purchase. I highly recommend this monitor!  Great picture and great colors:.........................  - The picture quality and colors are amazing! The colors are accurate and not over saturated. The color depth is also amazing. It does not get over saturated at all. The panel itself is very sturdy. It did have some wobble after using it for a while but that's because I was watching the screen for hours.  is excellent. I have it in a 15" monitor. I do not like that the touch-screen does not work. It was not the monitor and it was not designed to have touch-screens. This monitor is perfect.   If you're looking for a great value, buy it. . The colors and image quality are great. I'm sure this will work well for your needs
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a good sound blaster. If you're a serious musician, you probably already own this but if you don't, now's your chance to get it. I have a couple of older Soundblasters but this one is the best. I really like the design. The sound quality is excellent and the volume and effect are nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have been very satisfied with this product and the support from the company.  The only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because I have noticed a slight drop in the audio quality when it is placed on a high volume setting. I would have rather heard the same audio quality at the lowest setting. However, this is a small inconvenience and I'm glad I got this product. , May 18, 2011
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I have been using my digital music player for over a year now, and have found it to be the best digital music service I have ever used. I have owned the Pioneer CDJ-2000NXS, Sony CDJ1000ES, and the Pioneer JVC CDJ5000NX. All of them were great for a few years, but eventually I found that the sound quality of my digital devices was deteriorating as I used them more and more. This new player seems to be much better. It plays all of my music and is very easy to use. It comes with the USB cable, which is a plus. I would recommend this player to anyone looking for a good digital music device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:............................................ The best battery for my moto g4 plus.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: amazon_store
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I had a couple of different problems with my unit but the quality of the product was so high and the warranty was outstanding that I just have to give it 5 stars.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a very well-built product. It is a great soundbar for those who want a very large sound bar but don't want to spend a lot of money. I got the one with the 7.1 speaker and I'm very pleased. I just wish it had a remote so I could turn it off when I'm at work.  It has a great surround sound experience with the sound of your music in the center and all of your other music in all the surround channels. I'm a little disappointed that there's no optical output (except for the built-in Blu-Ray player). It would have been nice to have that.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have had my Hp2 for about 2 years now and I love it. It has a great sound for a portable amp. I am always searching for new amp's to get rid of my old ones.  This amp has been with me every time I get on the road. It's just what I was looking for. It does a great job at it's job. .  (Posted on 6/24/2015)  Great sound for the money! Review by Daniel Rating It's a great sounding amp. Great value for the price.  a very good and reliable product. (Posted-12/17/2014)  to be honest, I didn't think the sound quality was great for the cost. but I'm glad i got it. it sounds like the sound of a much much more expensive amp. but not by much. it has a nice warm sound to it. i like it. (posted on 11/10/2014-12:37 PM) -David (Posted 4/8/2014 )  Awesome Amp Review by John Rating This amp is great. The bass is fantastic. It also sounds good on my desktop computer. The only thing that is a negative is the price of this product. 'some great sounds with this great price' (Posted 2/23/2014 - 6:28 PM)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The device works great. I use it to listen to music and to listen when I am on the road. I have been a little worried that the small size and the short battery life may be a problem. After using this for a while I have to say that I was not concerned about the small battery life. It lasts a good 4 hours or so of music. The volume control is a nice touch. I do not like the fact that it is not USB powered but this is because the battery has no power when plugged into the computer. When you turn the device on it takes a while for the device to boot up. I am glad I bought this and hope that the size will be a plus. I highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had no problems with the device at all.  It came with a power cord and adapter for a desktop computer and it was easy to set up.   The screen is good enough to view my work on the computer.  The only downside to the device is that it does not have a keyboard or mouse.  I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good and easy to use device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It was a bit hard to find the exact one I wanted, but the one I did find was great. It's small and lightweight. I've been using it with my Nikon D300, D3300, D4s, D800, D300 and D3100. I use the remote control with the D3310, D3400, and D5100.    I recommend this item to everyone.  This is an excellent product that fits in the palm of my hand. It was easy to set up. It is quiet and very easy to use. I really like it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this thing about a month ago to replace my old cheap one. I'm very pleased. The buttons on the new one are much easier to use and are much louder and clearer. The batteries last a long time and there is very little wear on the circuit board. The software is easy to use, although I'm a little disappointed that there's no way to turn the volume down to a reasonable level without having to do it manually. Overall I'm happy with the purchase and highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my wife because she has a speech impediment. She was able to use it and I was impressed with the sound quality and functionality. She is now a huge fan of the product and I will recommend it to everyone who has a problem with their voice. I would not have thought that I would be using this product but it is a great little product that is easy to use and looks very nice in my kitchen. I have only used it once but it seems like it will last a long time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought this product a few times now, and the best part is the usb cable is always with me, so i can charge my phone when its not on my desk at work.  I've had this product for over 2 years now. The battery life is just perfect for me. The only thing I would like is a usb port that has a charging indicator. I'm also looking to get a 5th of an inch cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent product for the price. Good audio quality, very compact and the sound is very clear and detailed. This is one of the best value-for-money headphones I've purchased in years.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************* This is the best thing I have ever used to play music. I love the fact that it is a USB device and does not need a power source to be plugged into. This is a great value for the money and the fact it is so small is very helpful. *********************** ************************ ********************* ****************** ***************** **************************** **************** ** **************** ****************  I bought a second one. I have had the first for about a year. I bought this one to use with my cell phone, and it works great. The only issue I had was that the connection cable would always break. I ended up having to buy a second cable, which was also about $20. ************* ******** *********** ********* ********** ******** ** ******** * ******** **** ********  The Sound is so nice. It has an auto volume control and I use it as my audio player for my laptop. ************ ******** This is so much more then just a music player, you get the best of both worlds. You can play music on your computer, on the phone with the volume on and also when the music stops, you can mute it. ~~~~~~~~~~~ The only thing I dont like is that it has a 1 year warranty, but I cant find anything wrong with it. It does what it says it will do. ~~ ~~I love the sound. It works great on my Mac and iPhone. ~~~~ ~~~~ I dont really like the fact you have to charge the device when not in use, but that is just a personal preference.     It is so great to have this on my PC and my iPhone **************** * **************** **** ****** ***** *************** ************* ****** ************  Great device! **************** It's the perfect portable MP3 player **************** For the price, it's a steal **************** *** ****************   ****************  ********- ************ ********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to setup, and easy to use. Very easy to configure and setup.  I have had this for a few weeks now, and it has been the best decision I have made for my new home.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent product. This is a great solution for a home automation system. I'm using it to control my lights and fans. The controls are simple and easy for people to understand. It can also be programmed to do some more advanced tasks.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this product for 2 months and it works flawlessly. i dont like the plastic case though because its kind of hard to open and it gets pretty messy. the only complaint i have is that it seems like i cant use the mic or speakers anymore and i have to get a new headset. still works fine tho.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 12, 2016  The best on the market  by Mike from Austin TX USA  Review: I use this for my computer and video production and i am so glad I purchased the mic. It is a must have. .  the only thing i didnt like is the case the plastic is a bit flimsy. But other then that it is great  was this review helpful to you?)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great, I am very happy with my purchase. My phone works perfectly. I just received it and i'm very happy. The delivery time was very fast and the item was packed very well. I was really excited about this item because I was looking for a cheap way to make music. I thought this would be a great way to do it! The setup was easy and I like that it can be easily controlled from the front of the unit, and I can control it from the phone with the app. This is a great little gadget and I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This product is great. I have a HP Pavilion dv7-5519p, which I use for video editing and photo printing. The HP Pavilion is so small that it is easy to carry around and takes up very little space. I also use my HP dv3-5230p to browse the net and to listen to music. I like that the screen has a resolution of 800x600, but it is a little too bright for my taste. It is also rather slow. It takes a while to open and close the lid, and it takes a long time to open the case. The laptop is quite noisy but I find that I can make myself quiet by just using headphones. The sound quality is excellent for the price. This laptop is a joy to use, and I would recommend it to anyone who needs a compact laptop.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** A good addition to my audio gear. Great for studio recording. The bass is great and the highs are pretty good. The volume control is very good as well. I've been wanting this amp for a while. ********* The build quality of this amp is excellent and is one of the best value brands I've used. I love the power supply and the clean sound that it makes. I also like the built in line outputs and headphone out. I am using a couple of these in a small recording space and have yet to find any issues with sound quality. ************ The only issue I have is the lack of a volume knob. I think this is a good thing for most people as it's easy to turn up or down the volume. I wish they would have included one. ************************* Overall, I am very satisfied with this amp. I can't wait to upgrade my other gear.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is the first device I've bought and it's working great. I like that the device doesn't have a screen. I don't have to flip pages to read the instructions and that I can adjust the volume by my ear.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Great product. Works great! I'm very pleased with my purchase!   the only reason i give 4 stars is because the remote has a slight learning curve. if i were to buy a remote that had an internal power jack, that's a must buy, as the button is much easier to push and more responsive.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The keyboard is much better than I expected and the touchpad is nice and smooth. The build quality is also very good for the price. The screen is also bright and looks pretty sharp. I am still a bit worried about the battery life but so far I am pretty satisfied. If you are looking for a good laptop for the money this is a good buy and you should not pass this up. The only thing I would change is that the backlight is really dim when the screen is on, but it is still usable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The PonoPlayer is great. It plays my favorite albums with no problems. It's a little bit loud, but it's not the sound of a boom box. If you like the music you're used to, and you're looking for a portable system, this is it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great keyboard. My wife uses this keyboard to type with and she's had no problems with it at all. I've had to type on this keyboard about 50 times to get my point across and it's been very easy. I don't have any complaints about this keyboard. It's a great value for the money and worth every penny. If you're looking for a good quality keyboard, this is it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. I purchased the T20 and am very pleased with the sound quality, quality of the buttons and the sound control of the unit.  I was surprised to find the volume knob was a little wobbly but that is to be expected for a $40 product.       The only problem I had was with the battery charger.  The charger is not a quality product at all, the power cable is not the proper size, the connection on the charger is faulty and the batteries themselves were not made for the charger and are extremely fragile.  The sound is pretty good for a small device, the bass is a little on the weak side.  I think the only thing that would be better would be a power supply. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This thing has been great since I bought it. I have used my computer mouse with it and have found it very easy to use and easy to clean. The buttons and knobs on this mouse have not broken down yet. I really like the size and the fact that it has a built in USB hub. I use this mouse mostly with my computer so it's been great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is the best device I have ever owned! I have had many but none can compare to the sound and ease of use. I just got it about a week ago and am so happy that I have found this one. I have tried many others and they just don't have the sound I get from this one... The only thing I don't like is that it is hard to get the batteries out... I don 't mind but it takes a bit of effort. ********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the moto g for a year and have no complaints. the battery lasts me a full day of use on my gs. i like that the phone can be charged over a wireless connection as well as via usb. the camera is great. ive found myself taking better pictures when using it. the gs runs great on the 4g network. i was impressed that i could get a free sim from my carrier. this phone is well worth the money, and i would buy it again.  No, I would not recommend this product. I purchased this phone thinking it would be better than the Moto X, but that is not the case. The screen is very dim, the display doesn't have any blacks and is very washed out, and the camera has a very low resolution and is hard to see in low light. I have no use for this phone except to replace my Moto X. The battery life is awful as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to be my second i-phone because my first phone died. The first one I had lasted about 5 years. I was a little skeptical that this would be any better, but it's been great! I do wish the buttons were a bit smaller, but other than that it's great. I'm happy to have a backup plan!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little electronic clock with the best of all worlds. This is a nice piece of art that works well with my PC. The only issue I had was the back light was not bright enough. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have a nice clock.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ The phone's battery life is great. I usually turn off my device when I'm done using it and turn it back on when I get home. I also do not have to worry about my phone draining my battery. ___________ I'm a big fan of this company! They're responsive to any questions I have about my order. __________________ I'm not a tech person but I do know that the quality of my purchase was excellent. __________________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just bought the dongle for my phone (LG G2) to charge my phone and ipod, i was pleasantly surprised. i love it! i was worried about it being cheap but this wasnt cheap at all. i was able to get a 3 hour charge on my phone.  i'm so glad that i bought it and its working well. ive never bought a dongler before and this one looks the part. ___________________________ Pros: great looking  easy to charge Cons: cheap ______________________________ Overall:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 4S iphones are good iphoness iphonedis iphony  Was this review helpful? Yes No  was not impressed by the speed: iplex 3.0 iplexes have a better interface. ipleks iplepics ipletrix iplel ipleto iplets iplez iplexx  Would you recommend this to a friend? Yes  Do you have a comment or question about the iplext?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  It is good to have a backup battery. I bought the samsung and it was great until the battery went dead, I had to order a new one from amazon.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ************************* I am extremely satisfied with my iLife and iPad. I am a computer science major and I have used iLife as a learning tool since it was released. The apps for iLife are very intuitive and it's so much easier to use the iPad version than the desktop version. The iLife iPad apps are the best apps out there. I can't wait to see what they are working on for the Mac version! I love the simplicity and the ease of use. The only downside I see is that it is so much bigger than the iPad.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I was looking for an alternative to the headphone jacks for my laptop and wanted a portable solution. I was a little skeptical of the portable solution, but I ended up purchasing this for myself. I had it for a week and am very satisfied with it. It is small enough to be easy to carry with me. I am also happy with the size and weight. The quality is very good and it can connect easily to my laptop with the included USB cable. I also purchased the audio adapter, which has been a real help. It's easy to use and works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I'm extremely pleased with my new Sennheiser HD 800 headphones, and it is my first pair of high-end headphones! I am a recording engineer and have been using the Shure SRH840 for a couple of years now, so these HD 800's are a lot more expensive than the SRH8xx's, but the sound quality is incredible and the soundstage is much better. I also have a Senn HD 800 with the same cable, but it has some very minor issues. I'm not sure if the differences are due to the cables used, or the different settings the HD 800/SRH8x use. Either way, the HD 8x sound great and are definitely worth the money, I would recommend them to anyone!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ This product is a must have. The battery life is great, the quality is great and the software is easy to use. I'm very satisfied with my purchase and recommend this to anyone who wants a very solid, very well made, great looking and well designed device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This is my first wireless system. I purchased this item to add a WIFI radio and an external antenna to my older Tv. I am very satisfied. . The product is excellent. I have never had a problem with this product. I will be purchasing more.  and to top it all off, it is a good looking product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have to say this is the first set of headphones I've ever owned that I can truly say are amazing, and I've been a long time headphone fiend. I bought the Audeze LCD-2s for my girlfriend, she's been a big fan of the LCD-3, and so I'm a little surprised that she's not even more impressed with these. I'm glad she's a fan!  I bought these with the intention of buying a pair of LCD-1s (I love those headphones as well), but after getting the Audes, I'm still thinking that I should've just gone ahead and bought the LCDs. I just wish they were a little cheaper.  They're a little on the heavy side, but they're definitely worth it. I love the fact that I'm getting my music without having to worry about losing it. If you're looking for a quality set of portable headphones, these are for you! Good price, excellent sound, solid construction, great build quality, a little heavy, but well worth it, and a very nice looking pair of headphones. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "I am so happy I found this site!"  - J.M., Seattle, WA   I am now in the process of setting up a new home theatre and have been wanting a high end, digital player, to play my older music CDs on. I have been searching for something like this for about a year and finally got it in the mail today. The packaging was very nice and the player was a great price for the quality of sound I expected.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used the tm2s for the past 2 years and never have i been disappointed. the sound is very clean and crisp and the remote is great for changing songs, skipping, etc. the volume is great too. i use mine at home in my bedroom and in my car at work. so far i love it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jennyd from great sound. I use this for home use. I have had it for about a year now. The sound quality is great. The quality of the remote and buttons is amazing. I will keep this in my room at all times. I recommend this to anyone looking for a great sound quality for their radio.  that's all for now
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a great little device. I've been using it since I bought it. I use it for my computer, phone, and tablet. The battery life is great and the build quality is amazing. I highly recommend this product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought the GIGABYTE Z97X-UD3H to replace my Z97-GD65. I needed a fast board with a good memory and an upgrade path to the latest technology. I got the Intel i7 6700k CPU, the Gb memory and the Z97 motherboard. I have not had a problem so far. I did a lot of research before I bought this board. The reviews were good and I was happy with the price.  What do you think about this product? Please share your opinion in the comments section below.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my Apple TV.  It's an awesome product and I would highly recommend it to anyone who has the money to spare.  I'm going to be honest.      I was very skeptical about buying an Apple TV when I was first informed that it would only be a $99.  I have a lot of other electronics but none that are as simple and easy to set up as this one.  As a big sports fan, this is a must have item.  It's also very easy to use as I can simply go into a menu and select what I want to watch.  For the price, you can't go wrong with this one!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- This is the first time I have purchased a VLX from K. The quality of the product is good, the price is reasonable and the packaging is good. This is my third VL-200. The sound quality is good as well. This VL is a good unit for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The device works well. The battery lasts a very long time. The device is very light. The product has good sound. I would buy this product again. I bought the USB to HDMI adapter for my MacBook Pro in order to connect to my TV and the adapter works perfect. The connection is very fast and the audio quality is very good. I am very satisfied. I will be ordering more adapters. Good product. Only problem is it only has a 1 year warranty. Great device but needs a longer warranty Great Product! I have been looking for a good portable Bluetooth audio device for my iPad, so when I heard about this product I bought it! I love the size, the ability to stream audio from any device I have and the fact that it has a microphone. I'm so glad I bought this! Excellent product!     I'm so happy with the purchase of this device. It's small and light, the sound is crystal clear, and the connection is easy. This product is great! Amazing product.   I bought the adapter and I love it! Perfect!  This product is exactly what I was looking for. I just wanted to try out the iPod connection and it works great. I love that I can plug in my phone and I can listen to music and watch movies. Perfectly Works   It works flawlessly, I just purchased it yesterday. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The best of all, in my opinion. You cannot go wrong with this device. It's very well made, easy to use and very reliable. I love the touch screen and the battery life. I am a big fan of the USB port too. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a great little device.   The quality of the device is fantastic. It's simple to use and the functions are very powerful. I'm very impressed.   a. i think it is worth the price because it's a good and efficient little device   b. i can't say enough good things about the product. i love my phone and i love the touch screen. the buttons are good for my needs.   in fact, i think the device will be used for hours and hours and i have no reason to think it will break down   i'm also impressed with the product and i am happy to report that it worked as well as i hoped and as well the quality of materials. i was very happy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best phone I have ever had. I can talk to my girlfriend and I can text. This is a great phone. I have used it all day long. This phone is amazing. I was worried it was not going to be as good as the one I had before but it is a better phone. The only thing I wish they would have done is put a front facing camera in it like a real phone. Otherwise, I am happy with my purchase. It is the only phone I will ever buy from this company.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a very cool little device. I bought it for my daughter, who's always been interested in electronics, and it's perfect. The screen is a great size, the battery lasts a long time, the charging is fast, and there's enough space for the things I want to use it with.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is my first ever computer. I got it on Black Friday. I had no intention of buying a PC, but my roommate told me to get one as I have heard they're cheap. I went into the store and it was at least $50 less than other PC's. The screen is very bright. I'm really impressed with this computer. It's definitely got a good build quality and the power it has is great. The keyboard is nice and the screen is nice. It doesn't take up alot of space, so you can store it in the small cubby where I keep my media and games. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who's looking for a great deal. I have a Windows 7 x64 version. It has a built in Blu-ray player and a very good microphone.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********************* I am really happy with this item. I just bought this one and it's perfect. The build quality is awesome, it's super quiet, and the light is great. It's a perfect match with my Galaxy s4. I also bought the charger that came with it as well.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned the sony a6000 for a long time and it is a great camera. its the first time i've ever felt like its a step up from the a7s (which i already have). the autofocus is great and the video is also great. i'm very happy with this purchase.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This device is excellent for the price, and I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a small device that has a very good sound.  Did you find this helpful?  (No Ratings Yet)  Related
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have a Sony A99 and love the sound. When you plug in your speakers, it gives a great sound. It has a very warm sound, like you can feel it. I have the A99 at home and my brother has the A6000. Both are great but the A5000 has the best sound. I would recommend this device to anyone who wants a high quality sound.   by M.A. in New York on Jan 17, 2013  This is an excellent unit. The sound is great and it has the ability to adjust the volume.  The sound is crisp, and it's definitely better than the old Sony unit.  , by L.S. in Atlanta, GA on Dec 15, 2012  I'm new to audio but I've been listening to my speakers for the past few weeks. I just received the A5200. I'm happy with the sound quality and quality of the product. I also like that you can adjust the sound as you wish. I like my sound so loud and clear that it's hard to describe. I highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 7 plus. The camera and the screen is the best. The battery is long enough. The screen is amazing. The processor is amazing, I have used it for about 2 months and it's never let me down. I am really happy with this purchase. I bought it because I am tired of all the new phones on the market, I don't need a lot of things on my phone. This phone has everything I want. I recommend it to everyone.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:1 people found this review helpful
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ This was my first electronic device. I've had a few other devices that I had to buy from eBay, but this one was so easy to set up and it works great! I can also hook it up to my TV, computer, DVD player, and my MP3 player. I'm so glad that I bought this, I was looking for a cheap remote and I got exactly that. I will recommend this to anyone who needs one! I got it on sale for only $20.00.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ _____________ This is a very good set up. The battery is good. It's the only set up I have found that will let you use the battery with the remote control. I have used the set up many times and it works great. It doesn't take up any more room than the remote controller itself. You get what you pay for.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and it works just fine for the most part. The only problem I've had is that the usb cable that came with it isnt a good one and i had to get a replacement one. I use my computer all day and this usb cable isnt going to cut it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "I can't help but think the best things come in small packages"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using this for the past 6 months and I absolutely love it. The only thing I don't like is the fact that I have to plug it in with a cord to charge it. Otherwise, the battery life is pretty great. I've had the Samsung Galaxy S3 for a while now and I've been trying to find a better smart phone. I was originally considering the LG G3, but they have a ton of issues right now and the screen is not as good as the S3's. The LG is a great phone overall, but I was disappointed with the price. I'm a sucker for a good deal, and this one is not only on sale, but it's on sale for less than $250.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this for my husband for Christmas. I bought the unit over the holidays to replace a cheapo TV we had. He loved it and it is very simple to use. I will definitely purchase this again. I am not a computer person but have done a little work on this and have the knowledge to use it. The only problem I had was it was a bit slow. I got it set up but then it crashed. I contacted customer service and they sent me a new one. I have a good credit rating so I didn't get ripped off. I'm just a computer novice but I did learn something and I think this would be a good buy for the price.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    "Great for playing music on the go. The headphones are very comfortable and have a nice sound to them. They also have a great selection of songs to choose from. They will help to improve your audio and music listening skills. The fact that the batteries last so long is a plus. Great job on this product."   Fits my iPod, the Bose QuietComfort 35, and my Sony Walkman. I love the noise cancelling. The bass is good, the mids are good. I like the Bowers & Wilkins.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product.  I was really skeptical about this being a good product.   The box was very well made and it came with a couple of cables.    The product is great!   I love it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I got this a few months ago and am so glad I did. It is a great little thing that I use for watching TV. I like it better than a DVR. I can watch my shows on my laptop or tablet and this keeps them all in one place. I have a bunch of cable shows and this one has all the different channels so I can still watch what I want to watch when I want. I also have a Roku but this is a better remote for the money. I bought this for my wife who uses it for her TV. She loves it and I love it. I would recommend this remote to anyone who has an HTPC or HTPC with a large screen.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for a couple of months now and it works great. I'm a bit of a perfectionist, so i wasnt sure about the speakers at first, but they're great now. I was worried that the touch sensitive buttons would not work as well with a finger, but i love it. I can't speak highly enough about this device.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  2 of 2 people found this review useful
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! This device was my first time ordering a product from these guys. I've been using the wireless printer for about two years now, and I love it. My first purchase was from the website (as you may know they are very new to the e-commerce business). I did have to contact them for a shipping quote, but I think it was reasonable and they were very responsive to my questions and requests. Once my printer arrived, I did get the original print cartridge, but the company also sent me a replacement. I was able to print in color at a reasonable price point. The quality of the print is fantastic. I have the printer in a bedroom that is usually dark, and it prints beautifully. I can print on a very large surface. I think the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the limited color choices. However, I am a print designer, and the fact that I can use a variety of colors makes it very versatile. The only issue I had was the printer seemed to be having trouble with the paper I was using, which was the same brand that came with my printer. I had to go out and buy some new paper for my printer (which was expensive), and the printer was able print again. I hope this review helps someone else. I'll be ordering from them again!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My new iphone 4s is a great buy for me. It is super fast and accurate, and it does the job.  I am happy with it and will buy it again. ___________________________________________________ Review of the Epson Photo Mate 7200: I'm very pleased with this camera. I use it with a Canon 60D and I love it. I also bought a Canon 1D MK II for a little more range and I am very pleased. It shoots RAW so you can get the full picture without worrying about color accuracy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 02, 2017  Great product, great price  by Anonymous on October 01, 2017
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device since I bought it in June of 2007, and it has been a lifesaver. i cant believe the quality of this item, it has saved me so many times. i was able to make a phone call and talk to my son, and he answered me. this was at a time when i didnt have any service or phone at all. i used this device and was able dial the number and the number came on, and i was connected to my wife who was in the same building. It works great. i just wish the batteries lasted a bit longer. the batteries werent even that bad when they last about 2 years, but this one still looks new and works fine. this is my 2nd ipod. i bought it on amazon for $100.00. ive had my ipod since the day it came out. ilead is the best ive found. i use mine all the time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- A couple of months ago I purchased a new computer. I got a very nice looking Dell desktop with a Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit operating system. The screen is pretty good. I have had the computer for about two weeks now. It runs like a dream. The performance is very fast. I'm not sure if I will purchase a new laptop in the near future but I'll have to give it a shot. The only problem I had with the computer is the keyboard. I use a Dell laptop and my keyboard is very mushy and loud. The keyboard on this computer is much better and quieter. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a long time PC gamer. I bought this device to replace my old gaming mouse and keyboard because it had the best sensor, was quiet, and was easier to use. I had been using a gaming mouse that is almost a decade old and this was much easier to navigate and the accuracy was very good. It's also a nice size and light weight compared to the gaming mouse. Overall I think it's a great device. I don't have any major issues with it, but I will say that it's not a "gaming mouse" because it is more for a mouse that you can play on your desktop.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the most powerful wireless device I've owned so far.  It works well for the most part, and the antenna is a good thing.   I haven't tested all the features yet, but so far I like it.    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought a couple of these for my son and daughter. They work well and are great quality. I got them for them on the cheap and they both work great. One was a little short for my daughter's hands, but it is a little tricky to get it to fit, so she still uses hers. We both enjoy the light they give and the fact that it only requires 2 AAA batteries, which we have plenty of.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The E-M1 is a solid and simple camera that does everything well. The battery life is good, it's not a high-end camera but it's good enough. It's a lot better than the E-PL5 for my purposes. The manual exposure controls are good and the lens has very good image quality. The E-MU1 is slightly more expensive, but if you need a camera and you need the highest ISO performance (that can be achieved with a decent lens) then it's a great camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second of two monitors I purchased from B&H. The first monitor was not bad but the second one I bought was absolutely amazing. I am an engineer and this is an awesome tool to have. The only thing I dislike is that the battery needs to be changed often. The other issue is the screen seems to get hot when playing video games (even when not playing video).  The picture quality is superb.  I have the 15 inch model. It is a bit large but the screen is very bright and clear. The sound quality is great and the stand is very solid. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the idea of an electronic device that is silent. This product works very well and has been a great addition to my tool kit. I received the device and was impressed. The only thing that bothers me is the lack of batteries included. It is good to have an option to use them in my tool set.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! I've had my new i5-6400 and i7-6700K for about a week now and they are both running fine. I use this as a home theater computer, and it performs great. I can run games at 60FPS easily, and I also run a few movies and tv shows at the same time on this system. The only thing that I don't like about this system is the lack of memory for my SSD. I have a 4TB SSD that is getting really full. If I want to play a game, I just plug it in, and when I'm done I unplug it and it's ready for another game. I'm a bit concerned about this problem because it could lead to the system slowing down if I have lots of games running at once. If that's the case, I'd just use a separate drive for the OS, and just have the hard drive for my games. I also have an nVidia GPU which is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've owned this for a year or two and have had no problems with the sound quality or the wireless reception. I've had this in the same room with a wireless set top box that can't hear music and the sound on this is amazing. This also works perfectly with my blu-ray player, but I have to turn off the music at night when I go to bed. It's very nice and the price is amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!  I have two of these and I have had no problems at all. I have to say, these things are pretty good for the price. I don't think they have any serious problems. I was thinking of getting an AVR but after reading the reviews I decided to go with the IEMs.  Great sounding, great sounding, better sounding, and now even better sounding!  The IEM's are very clean. The sound is not a little bit muddy but more like what I'm used to from a real audiophile headphone. I highly recommend them. ,  Thank you! ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this phone for about a month now, its the best thing ive ever bought. it was easy to use and has a good battery life. i also have a samsung iphone and i think the sim card and memory are a bit better for the price but i would not buy this if you dont like apple products. the phone looks great and the phone has some good features i like but it does not have a camera that would help me with photos. the camera is good but it will take some time to learn how to use it and it does have a weird screen. if you do not have an apple phone, buy this phone and its a great phone for the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using the HP z570c for about a month and it has performed flawlessly. The z570 c is an inexpensive and good-performing laptop. I do have a few complaints about the system: 1. I wish the touch pad was a bit larger. The mouse pointer is not the largest but it is a decent size for my hand. 2. There is a tiny bit of light leakage from the back of the system. This is very small but I wish there was a little more of a light on the front. I also noticed that the battery door is a little bit too tall and not quite flush with the bottom of the laptop. 3. There are a few small scratches on the underside of the keyboard. I did not notice any scratching while using the laptop, but it was very faint and not really noticeable. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love this product, and it's a great little device. I've been using this for a while now and have had no issues. The only issue I've had is that the sound gets a little weak in the bass. I guess I could do something about that by adding some more power, but the sound still works just fine. I would definitely recommend this product.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: cgstore
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best portable MP3 player I've ever owned.  It's so small and lightweight that it's just perfect for a small purse or handbag.   The built in microphone is a big bonus for me, but there's also a headphone jack that I find a little inconvenient.  It's also quite small, which I like, but I would like the case to be bigger.     The speakers are good, but the amp isn't anything special.  I also really dislike that the battery is removable, but it does have a battery life of about 8 hours, which is better than what I get out of my iPod.  This is a solid performer, I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this product for about a week now, and i cant say enough good things about this thing. it's great for working on old games. its super fast. the price is unbeatable. you cant beat it. the usb port works just like it should. i'm sure i will be buying more of these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********I was searching for a portable bluetooth headset and this is the one I came across. I have had mine for about 2 months and I love it. I use it at my desk and it is perfect for my needs. I really like the earcups, and I was able to find a good price. The batteries are very small and you have to use them very carefully as they do come with a small protective case. I also like the way that they are waterproof. I think they work better with my computer than with my mobile phone. They also fit in my pocket easily and it really works great! I just wish the mic was better than my iPod, but it works fine for me. **********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This thing is very very good. I used to have a good old cd player, but that got replaced by my new one. The sound quality is fantastic. I have a pair of earphones on the go that I love, and this makes me feel that I can listen to music without having to carry my music player around with me. The design is very good, and the battery lasts a long time. This thing sounds great. If you are a big fan of the CD player, you will like this.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have purchased several of these devices over the years. This one is my favorite, not only for the great sound, but for its versatility. The sound quality is excellent. I am a professional recording engineer and this is the first time I've been able to get a sound that is just right for the particular project. I've had it on the studio floor for about two months and have not had any problems. It's a great device to record drum sounds and the quality of the recording is excellent, even with very loud music. My only complaint is that the battery life seems to be about half that of the old ones.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this unit for about a year and it is great, I can play my games on it and have my computer in the bedroom or the office at work. It is easy to use, and the sound quality is really good, but the software is not up to the level of other units that i have owned, its very slow to start up and load the games, it only takes about 5-10 minutes but theres a lot of lag when it is starting up and loading the games. but overall it is a great product and worth every penny.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am an old school person and the VTC6 was one of the first digital oscillators I ever purchased, and it is still one of my favorites. The sound quality is outstanding. The interface is simple to use and is very user friendly. The built in speakers are not bad and can be connected to a subwoofer if you need extra bass. The best part is the fact that it is fully programmable and the internal memory. This is the best way to use this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and works well. The screen is very bright and easy to read. The wireless connection is very fast. My only gripe is the charger, but it's a minor issue.  I would definitely buy this product again.  (Posted on 3/15/2018)  Works great  by Anonymous Person Reviewed On 12/29/2017  Product: I would recommend this to a friend.  in the box it came in there was some glue and tape to put on the side to prevent the battery door from being damaged, however this was a minor inconvenience, the charger was not damaged, the screen is great, the keys work perfectly, and it looks good,  My only complaint is the fact that you have to turn the charger on to turn it on, so it needs to be turned on to work, which is annoying. But other than that the product works great, and is much cheaper than buying the other brand that came in the same box  (Posted on 12/14/2017)  of the 5 best  Reviewed On 11/12/2017
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my unit for about 2 months and it has served me well. I have a Macbook Pro Retina that is a pain to use with this device and the battery life is very good. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the lack of the Apple TV app and lack of a remote control. I'm sure I'll get the app and remote control later.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my new favorite gadget.  I was able to use it to stream video from my computer to the tv with no buffering or problems.  This is a great device for the price and the quality is very good.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the Nixeus Arc Touch for the purpose of a new desktop. It has all the bells and whistles of the more expensive computers and it works well for me. I use it to run word processors, spreadsheets, and my favorite program: Excel. I highly recommend it to anyone who is on a budget, and I will buy it again in the future. Write a negative review about an OK electronic device, but worth buying:    I am going to start off by saying that I am not a fan of the NIXUS Arc Touch.  It is not as good as my other desktop.  However, for a fraction of the cost, it works perfectly.   This is the second NIXUSA Arc Touch that I have purchased and I love them both.  Write an excellent review about one of the most annoying things ever:    I love the NEXUS ArcTouch.  I've used it a couple of times now, and it is a very good tool for my needs.  This little gadget is a great solution to my everyday use.  You can get some good software on it for word processors.  My only complaint is that the buttons are extremely hard to use. It is extremely frustrating to use this little device because it is so hard to find the right key.  Overall, I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I just bought this and am extremely impressed. The quality of this unit is really good. It is so much better than the old fashioned corded ones. It has the volume and playback controls on the front, which is a nice touch. The cable is good quality as well, but if you are a power user, the battery life is a little short. I have used the unit for a while now, and have yet to get it dead, so it is good enough to use in my studio. The price is right, too. This thing is very nice, and the customer service is excellent.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! - April 10, 2010A little bit of info on the quality of the device. The audio quality is very clear, no echo or hiss. The only thing that I would not like about the device is that the cable is too short. I wish it were a little longer. Also, I wish the battery would last a little bit longer. I use the device to listen to music at my office. The sound quality is just fine and the battery lasts the full day on a charge. - December 24, 2009It's great for the price and I can tell it is a quality product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I'm very happy with this device. The sound quality is very good. It is quiet and the volume is pretty loud. It does come with the usb cable which is handy. My only complaint is that it does not come with a microphone. I will probably order another one once I get a few more hours on this thing.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I am not sure about the name of this item, but it is an audio jack and cable for an audio system. It is used for the stereo speakers and the microphone. I needed a portable microphone. This jack is easy to use and the cord is not so short that it falls out. I would buy again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my third    The design is great, it's a very comfortable keyboard to type on. It also makes it easier to reach the arrow keys as they are placed closer to the home row. It has some nice features like the USB port and the mouse port. The battery is very long lasting and lasts me a long time. The only thing that could be improved is the battery life. The one I have only lasted a few days. But I still have more battery life than my old   I would recommend it to any 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife for her birthday and she absolutely loved it. It came in a very good box with everything included in a nice box.  It came very quickly with a few extra cables.  Product:    Verified purchase: Yes | Condition:  We purchased this to use as a baby monitor for our 4 month old baby. The unit is very nice and the price is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I am a big fan of the old school Apple Computer.  This is the second Apple that I have purchased from Best Buy, and I have never had any problems with them.    I have only had one other Apple that lasted for 2 years, and that lasted only 3 years.  The Apple has been a great investment for me and the family.  I also like that they make it easy for you to turn off the device.  This has been my first and only Apple  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------This is the second USB audio interface I've owned (the first was a Pioneer D2). This one's got a great build quality and is very well priced. The software is well thought out and allows you to set up various EQ and other options for your music. The build quality is also good, not the cheap plastic that you find on cheap units. This one has the feel of a $500 unit. This is definitely a good value, but you have to take the time to set things up the way you want it. This interface is also very well balanced and doesn't have a lot of bass. I can't recommend it highly enough.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this for about 2 years now and have only had one problem, the usb ports are very hard to find when you plug in a device. other than that, the sound is great and the battery life is amazing. I highly recommend this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by John from I've had it for several years now. Its one of the best I've owned. I've always been on the lookout for a good portable amp. I'm always on the go and have to keep an iPod, cell phone, laptop, and portable speakers with me all the time. The Shure MV88 is perfect for me and it does the job perfectly. It is loud and does not draw a lot of power. I love that it can be powered via the USB port (like a laptop) so I don't have to carry any extra power supplies. I have one and use it almost every day. It's easy to use and the microphone is excellent. The only problem I have is that it's not compatible with my computer. It says that it is but it is not.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an outstanding device! I have a lot of respect for all the folks at Pyle Audio who have put this together. It's got a good sound. I use this to monitor a recording of an opera for use in an amateur production. It has a nice and full sound. You can really hear all the different instruments and parts. It sounds very nice. It really makes you appreciate a good recording. I think it's a very nice device.  I am very happy with my purchase and it has saved me a lot.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The device is very simple, works well and is small enough to fit into your backpack.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 22, 2013  I would recommend it  by: John from New York City USA  Pros: very easy to use  Cons: None  Review: I've used this a couple times now and it's been easy to set up and use. The software has been great as well. The unit has a small display and the keyboard is a bit small. I would recommend this to anyone wanting to add a touch screen.  the only thing I don't like about this is the fact that it does not come with a cable. I use my laptop on my desk, so it's very nice to have one with you. .  of course i got the wireless usb keyboard but that's it  a good product. i would recommend to everyone.  is just what i needed  Thank you  was this review helpful to you Yes No Wednesday, April 11, 2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my ipod 3 and the ipod 4 for about a year now. I was a skeptic when it first came out and still am. i have been really pleased with the sound quality, quality music and the size. I can carry it in my pocket or on my desk. I have no issues with the battery life, the ipods have lasted me around 20 hours without any issues. I am glad I purchased them.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Samantha S.  andrew,   We purchased the ipad 3's a few weeks ago and so far so good. I bought a case for mine to store the ipads in, so I am pretty sure the battery isnt going to run out anytime soon. The only thing I would suggest is that they should have a more vibrant blue option for the background on the ipa 4. But that being said, I still think the ipac3's are the best device ever made for the money. The design is really nice, it has a beautiful design that's a lot more comfortable to hold than the ipic and the sound is amazing.   I will continue to buy the ipas and ipads until they are discontinued, but if they do, I'll look to get an ipod 6 or a 7. They are more powerful and have a longer battery life so I can have the versatility of a tablet, and still have the audio quality that a good computer audio system needs.  . I would buy this device again in a heartbeat if I had to.    P.S. My iPad 2 doesn't have the speakers, so that was a big factor in deciding to go with the ipap.  "You get what you pay for, you get what we pay for."  .  the ipab is the only device I have owned that I haven't used in the 2 years I have been using it, but I am happy with it.  that said, i am really satisfied with it, i like the way it feels and how the battery lasts so much longer than the ipod.  The only complaint i have is the way the battery charging indicator shows "0" when you are charging it. it should say "full" when charging it  "You get What you Pay for, You Get What We Pay for."
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: _________  I was looking for an affordable portable gaming device to use while at the beach, on the bus, or while on the road. It worked great. The only problem I had with it was that it would occasionally disconnect from my TV and then I had to power it back on. So be aware that if you use this to watch a lot of movies and TV, it may not work well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Great product with an easy to use interface.   This is an awesome little unit and the software is very user friendly. The unit has two modes which I use. One is the simple audio playback of songs with just the notes. It is nice to have a song that is easy to play with just a few clicks of the mouse. The second mode is a little bit more interesting. This mode lets you add effects to songs. You can add some subtle bass or some more distorted sound. You could even put the effects on the songs so you can have your own personal sound on your music.     The unit also has a realtime clock on it so you know exactly how much time is left.   (Read full review)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent gadget. I love that I can set it to record my video or pictures.  It is very quiet.    The built in microphone is nice too.  It is very good for a small price.  I can't believe the prices on Amazon.  Thank you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for over 2 months and have had no problems with it. It is simple to use and is very reliable. ive used it in both my home office and my home in the garden. it works well. I have been very happy with my purchase and the price is a great value. i have only had it a short time but will be purchasing again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by T-b from Great product for the price This is a quality device at a very affordable price. I bought this to control the house lights. This has worked perfectly for us so far. The only thing I wish this unit had was a way to adjust the color settings on the device. I'm a very novice when it comes to home automation so I wish there were a way for us to do this. 's product works perfectly. It has a lot of features, it is easy to use, and it's easy to connect to the internet. The best part about this product is the price. The price is very good for a high quality product. If I could change one thing about it I would change the connection to a USB 3.0 cable. It takes a long time to connect and the connection is slow. We are using this to make a home video wall to go in our basement. We plan on buying a bigger wall mount to go on the ceiling. I do recommend this product. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to get into home automation.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The i3 is a very good laptop, and a very powerful laptop. I have it in my backpack for all my computing needs. I use it mostly for editing my pictures, working on my documents, browsing the web and working on a spreadsheet. I am able to use it for several hours and not have to worry about my computer slowing down. It is well built, and has a nice backlit keyboard. It has a good screen resolution, too. The only problem is the battery life is a little disappointing, and the screen resolution is a bit low for what I like to do. I wish that Apple made a bigger screen, like a 27" iMac, because I am quite pleased with the performance of the i3. The best thing about the i5 and i7 are that they come with an Ethernet jack, which allows me to connect my modem or wireless network to it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first electronic device I have owned and I have been very impressed with it. It's easy to use and the batteries are good. The buttons are a bit small and I was not too happy with how easy it is to turn off, but once you learn how to do it you'll love it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I'm in the process of upgrading my PC's from the old desktop with an old laptop to the new Windows 8.1 Pro. I have an old iMac and a new MacBook Pro with Retina. The new MacBook has the best display and performance for me. My old i Mac only has a very old display and an old processor. The iMac has a newer processor but a worse screen. So, I was thinking about getting a new PC but with an iMac as well. I was planning on upgrading to the newer processor and screen, but it's just not a good idea. The screen and processor on the new iMac are not worth the money. I'm going to get a new i Mac this weekend and see what I can do. I just want to see if I can make a difference in performance.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Jmike from It was easy to set up and has great display. I purchased this to replace my aging iMac with a newer model that is brighter, faster, and easier to work on. I needed to upgrade the hard drive on my iMac, so this was a great fit for me and my needs. I've had no problems with it and have had no issues with my computer. I do like that it comes with all the drivers needed to get the most out of it. .  of the new, there are several good things about it: 1. it's very quiet 2. the screen is very bright and the brightness control is a lot better than my old i mac 3. the keyboard is a little bigger but that doesn't bother me a bit 4. it is very quiet and the speakers work great 5. the mouse is great 6. it has more memory than my i mac 7. i got the upgrade because I wanted a better graphics card 8. i had no problem installing Windows on it 9. i can play my movies and music and games in HD with the screen at the perfect resolution 10. i like the keyboard layout and it's really nice to use. 11. i love the keyboard tray. 12. the processor is very fast. It is very smooth and has very good heat management. I would recommend this if you want a computer that's faster than a iphone.  the only thing i didn't like about it is that it is slightly slower than my iphones 13. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased this to replace an old, aging, but working computer. It's very easy to use and the picture quality is really nice. I love the fact that you can get a little bit of the picture out of the display. I think this is an excellent price point for a good quality computer. I am looking forward to the upgrade of my current one to this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- A great deal, I had the choice between a $50 and a $150. The difference is really worth it. The sound is very clear and crisp, the bass is strong and powerful, and the soundstage is very good. There is a lot of volume in this unit, so you'll probably have to use a subwoofer. But if you're on a budget and just want a good sounding device to get the job done, you've found it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had the best experience with this device when I purchased it for my wife.  The device is well designed and works like a charm.  There is no need to have to buy multiple batteries, as the one you buy is good enough for the price.  If you want to play with this game it will be a good investment.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had a few hifi speakers from hifimux and these are the best im not even sure if i got the best one but these are awesome and i love them they are loud and clear and do a great job sound wise they are on my top 3 list right now but for the price its worth the money
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ A great device. If you are in the market for a nice audio system and have the budget, this is the one to get. I've had mine for about a month now and it is awesome. It has a very nice quality sound with the bass, and the highs are just perfect for what I like to listen to. I have also purchased the 1/4" output cable that connects to my computer via a USB adapter, and I use it to play music from my computer to the device. The setup is so easy to use. The only reason I give it only 4 stars is because there are some things about the device that aren't perfect. The volume on the input jack can be a little loud for some applications. I don't have a problem with that, but I have heard other reviews where the input has been so quiet you can barely hear what is being said. Other than that, it is a fantastic device!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this thing for 3 days now and ive only had it 2 days. Its been the best phone i have ever had. theres so much you can do on this phone. the battery life is amazing. its the best!  5/5 Great phone Great phone. It has the latest specs, is beautiful and runs very well. I have the silver and black color options and it's a great looking phone.  4/5 Love the phone! Love this phone! Great design, really good build quality. Only negative is that the battery does not last a lot of time. I can't get over how good it looks.  a must have for any android fan i love the phone its very sturdy and i love how it has a case so it doesnt get ruined like most other phones  2/5 good for the price The phone is very good but the battery has almost died on me 4 times now. Its not the case and its not a cover that the batteries arent made of metal. The only thing is the case for the battery  3/5 great phone but battery dies after a day or so I have this phone for about two weeks now and it has been great! but I noticed the battery isnt as long lasting as other phones.  and it still works. i just have to keep it plugged in all day and night. and when I try to charge it on a monday it will just die on me after 10 mins.  I hope that the issue will be resolved soon but the phone is great.    5.5/10 for the money the phone can run long and it is very sturdy  I was really excited when I got it, I'm so glad I did, it is a great phone! I would love to get one with 4gb ram instead of 2.8gb. I would also love to have a screen that is a bit larger and lighter. I like the silver/black and the camera and the speaker too.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought several of these, and every time i have one i just cant believe how good they sound. i really like this headphone, but there is nothing i can really say that hasn't already been said about them. i recommend this product to anyone who has been wanting to get a decent sounding headphone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my new blu ray player.  The sound is really great.  I have an older blu ray that just broke so this is great. It also is so much quieter then my old one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s+ with nano. The phone is very small and the nano comes in handy. I have been using this phone for about 2 weeks and the battery life is excellent. It has been my go to phone. The camera is better than the iphones in this price range and the price is great for what you get.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is my second iStick and it is a good one. I purchased the black one and it works well, the battery lasts me about 7 days and the build quality is great. It's a little on the heavy side but its not uncomfortable and the color of the buttons is great for a beginner like me. This is a great starter e cig and if you can get it for under $30 it is well worth the money. You cant go wrong.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've bought two of these, one to work and one to use as a speaker. I use these in my studio to send tracks to a recording rig. I have been very pleased with the sound quality and sound quality of the D4. My only wish is that the buttons and controls on the unit were in the same place on both units.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I got this thing and I love it! It's great for my laptop because I don't have to worry about having a cord on my lap. And it is light weight so I don´t have to put it in my bag. And, it is easy to use and get the job done. --------------- Love this little guy --------------- Very small, compact and well designed. -------------- This thing is a life saver. -------------------------- I am very satisfied with my new RCA to RCA cable converter. It's compact, light weight and easy to connect. ------------ My first purchase from you guys was the RCA TO RCA converter. Very satisfied with the product ------------ I bought this converter to plug into the R-6/T-VHS adapter to have the R/V on my VCR work. This worked great. ------------- I'm very satisfied! ------------- You guys rock ------------- Excellent ------------- Great ------------- Fast ------------- Awesome ------------- Very easy ------------- Works Great --------------- Works as advertised --------------- Nice ------------- Easy ------------- Cheap --------------- Good --------------- Cheap ------------- Nice -------------- Cheap -------------- Good ------------- Good -------------- Nice --------------- Fast -------------- Very Fast --------------- Great ------------ Fast ------------ Good ------------ Very Good ---------------------------- ------------- Love it -------------- I love this product -------------- It's perfect -------------- Love it! -------------- My first buy -------------- Easy -------------- Perfect --------------- Easy --------------- Perfect -------------- Fast ----------------------------- -------------- -------------- Great -------------- Awesome --------------- Awesome -------------- Really --------------- Amazing --------------- Fantastic --------------- My second buy ---------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:............................................................. This is my 2nd G5. It was a gift for my brother who loves electronics. He has had other computers but I'm sure he'll get a G5 soon. The screen is bright and sharp. The keyboard is easy to type on and is very responsive. The battery life is great. I am using it for gaming and I can play for hours on a charge. The sound quality is very good. It has no problems with music or movies. The only thing I don't like is that there is no USB ports on the back of the computer. If you plan on using this for a larger screen like a 4k TV, you may need to purchase a usb to HDMI converter. The software is pretty basic. I wish there were more. I like the size of the machine but the keyboard and track pad feel too small. Overall a great computer for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best remote control car for the money. I'm really happy with the remote and the way it works. It's easy to program, and has a great display. My son loves it, he was playing with it the other day. He can control the radio with his thumb and press a button and get a station. I was able to set it up with my iPhone and it's really easy to set up. My husband just got a remote control for his car and it has a lot of features. The only problem is that it doesn't have a mute button, but that will be easy to add. I highly recommend this remote for anyone that wants a great remote and great quality.  Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars. . : :  Review Summary: This is a great product, great sound, nice quality, works great, I would highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first computer. I've been reading for a few years but never owned a computer until this one. I love it. The screen is big, the keyboard is big and the build quality is great. The only problem is the battery life is a little below the others I've owned. But other than that, this is a great computer. The price is great as well!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 23, 2016  Great computer for the price  by A Customer from Washington DC USA  Pros: Fast, stable, no lag, good quality keyboard. Cons: Only two slots. I don't need two slots for multiple drives and I'm only buying one.  Review: I bought this for my son as a gift. He absolutely loves it and he is very happy with his purchase. The computer is stable and fast. There's no lag at all. .  of this computer,  Reviewer: A Customer From Illinois  Condition: New Product of the Year  Product: Computer  Date: 6/3/2015  These are the best computers I've ever used!  a lot of fun!  the best part is the price!!!  My son is going to LOVE it!  he wants one, now!  to a great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- Great device, just works! The quality is excellent, the features are nice, the price is great. The only thing I would change is to have the audio controls on the back of the unit instead of the front, that's just my opinion, but the back controls are nice. If you are looking for a good, solid, simple and compact, inexpensive portable music player, you owe it to yourself to check this one out. I use it on my bike with a small mp3 player and a couple of CDs on a USB stick, it works great. I'm very happy with it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark from Excellent quality, small, light, and portable This is my first digital music player. I love the size and light weight of the MP3 player. The buttons and controls are easy to find and use. The interface is very easy to use. It takes the place of a CD player in my pocket. It's a great size and I love how easy it is to carry around.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this item in my order as a gift for my girlfriend. It's great for all types of people. It was fast shipping and good quality. If I didn't have to deal with being sick, I would have given this product a 5 star rating. Rated 5 out of 5 by Rianne from I needed a good Bluetooth speaker for a portable set up. This is it! I was looking for a good speaker with a battery life that could be battery powered so I could use it in my car. I found this item. The speakers are small, but not as small as you might expect. They do have good bass, and I am able to get a good sound from it. My girlfriend likes the volume up and down. My only problem is it doesn't have a microphone, which I don't mind. It would be nice to have a mic as well. It could be used with a Bluetooth headset. The only con is that the remote has a weird keypad, which makes it difficult to use. It took me a while to figure out what the keypad did. The remote is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________. It's great to have a portable device with good battery life that does what it's supposed to do and is reasonably priced. I use it to store music and I like the size. I'm a heavy music consumer and this device fits the bill perfectly.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 20, 2011  Excellent Product!  by Jeff from California  Review: I'm happy with the product. I used to carry around a battery powered CD player and I used it for many years. However, I noticed that the battery would last only an hour or two if I used all of it in one sitting. I found myself taking my battery out before the CD started playing, which is why I purchased the MP3 Player. The MP3 player is extremely well built and works flawlessly. The controls are well laid out and the volume dial is intuitive. The batteries are a little on the small side, but I've had my iPod for years, and it's always had some capacity left. It fits in my pocket, and is very easy to charge. It also has a small built in stand. I've seen other reviewers complain about the lack of memory, but the MPD 3 supports up to 96 hours of continuous music playback.  I've been very pleased with this product and recommend it highly. I would love to see the iPod Nano become a 3rd option. ,  A Good Product, Very Good Price  By Paul from Seattle, WA USA  Pros: Compact and easy to use, no dead batteries.  in a lightweight case  Cons: none so far  Overall: Good value  Good Product  I like it  Thank you  Works Well  From Anonymous of Austin, TX  Rating: 5 of 5 Stars  Worked as intended  Would buy again  You don't want to have to carry a laptop around with you all the time  It is very portable.  the only downside is that it has no memory, only a hard drive.  it can be charged while not in use.  is very durable, I like it a lot. .  and a great price  ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! The device is very well built and very good for the price. It's not as good as the big name brands but still a good deal. I don't know if you can use this to record video but it is worth a try.!!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 30, 2010  Great product  by Anonymous Person from San Jose CA USA  Pros: Compact and simple to use.  Cons: Some issues with it not working in one location for the whole day. , July 27, 2009  I was skeptical about the unit. I was hesitant to give it a fair rating because I had used an earlier version that was not as reliable. I had the same problem. The unit works great now. I'm glad I went with the Tascam CDR1000 and not the earlier version. The quality is great, the video is clear and the recording quality is excellent. I love it. The only problem I had was that the unit did not record on one location but in several. I've had to move it around for recording. Other than that, I love the unit and highly recommend it. -David  Works as advertised!  By Anonymous from Northfield MN USA 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ The first time I bought this item I bought the 32GB because the device I had before was in my house. I don't know if it's the difference in size or the fact that the phone itself is a little bigger but I find the phone to be a lot more usable than the other one I had. The device is pretty much the same size as the first one but it has a lot of extra space in the sides. The screen is good and doesn't really get very warm, it has to be the screen that is so great about the device. I would like to see a larger screen in future models but it does not affect the use of the device in any way. The only reason I am giving this product 4 stars is because the charging cable is not really long enough, so you need to be careful with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using the TEC-3200 for about 2 years now. It is great for small projects and simple tasks. The price is a bit high, but that's a trade off for all the features.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! This thing is awesome! I use it to play guitar. It has everything I need and the build quality is fantastic. I recommend this to anyone who wants an inexpensive way to play their instrument.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this for a Christmas present. It has great quality of sound and clarity. My only issue with it is that when you press the volume button, it gets really loud. I have the subwoofer. It doesn't sound bad but I prefer my music to have a more mellow, quiet sound.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is the best wireless speaker in my opinion. I love the fact that the music doesn't go out when you turn it off. I also like the way it plays. The battery is great, the sound is great. I just love it! I would recommend this to everyone. I have it on the desk in my bedroom. I use it to play my ipod with music and the ipod speaker. This is my first wireless speaker. I am very happy with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is a really cool piece of gear. I was not aware of this option until my friend recommended it. The design is nice, I like the way the light is put on the head and the way that it lights up a black space is a nice touch. The screen is bright, so you don't have to put the head on your face when you're sitting on a couch, and I don't notice the dimming on the light. Overall, this is a great piece of kit, it has a decent feature set and it's really easy to use. I would like it if it was an option to add an extra battery, but that's just my personal preference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used it on the go for years. great for travel and entertainment. i just bought another one for my office. great quality and functionality. would recommend this device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 15, 2016  Great device for home use  by Richard from Boonville PA USA  Review: This is the first I've ever seen that is so well built and reliable. This is a great device for my home, and I'm sure it will be great for a lot of other people's as well.  the only thing I wish it did better was have a memory slot.  a few times I wanted to go back and change a setting but I didn't have the memory card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first digital recorder, and I've been playing around with it a lot. I like the fact that it has a microphone that's on the front of the unit. I also like the built in flash, which is great for those long night shoots when you have to get the right shot. It's nice that there is a flash on the camera that you can control with the screen. I'm also really impressed with the amount of audio it's able to capture. The built in microphone can record pretty much anything, but when I record some audio for my own purposes, it's really good. The only issue I have is the screen does get quite warm. I've gotten used to it, but it can be bothersome. The price is good for the quality of the device. I will continue to use it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ewag-d
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my new iphone iphonestc to make phone calls, take pictures and email. I love the new camera iphograph which has all the features i would want in an iphotoc. The camera ia great for taking pictures and for emailing. I have to say, the battery life on the iphodoc is just a tad short, but for the price it is a very good purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone6s. It's soooo much better than the old phone, but i can't recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The build quality of the device is very good, the button is good, there is a backlight and a microphone, the screen is very bright, and the sound is clear. The battery life is good but not great. But overall a very good device and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good computer monitor.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Best gadget ive used in a long time!!!  I really enjoy my new Ipod Touch. It's small, light and I like how the sound is crisp. The only downside is the batteries are not replaceable and the charger is a bit bulky. But other than that I love it!  Great sound and price The Ipod touch is an excellent sound-quality electronic device, with an easy-to-use interface. The audio quality is great and the size is great for travel.  Excellent product! I have been searching for an inexpensive portable mp3 player for a long while. The Ipad touch is perfect. It has great sound, the screen is easy to read and the battery life is excellent. I like the fact that it's small and portable.  I also like that it can record in.m4a format.  in addition, I would highly recommend this product. I love the design of the product and the fact it is lightweight. I was able to fit it in my briefcase without a problem. It works perfectly. Thank you for the good product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s  I am using this to listen to music and movies and it is wonderful. I love the way it looks and feels. It has good sound quality and is really good to listen and play music with. It doesn't come with a case, but I don't care, it works great and fits my style perfectly.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the first iteration of this for over a year now. It is a great device and I'm very pleased with it. I have not had to do much tweaking of the settings and everything is easy to use. It does not have a USB port but does have a standard headphone jack. I use this for my laptop as well as my ipod. The mic works perfectly with my ipods and the device has no problems handling my mp3 player. The battery life is great as well. It seems like a good buy for the price. I am looking forward to a new model with more features.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.................................................................................................................. I have been very satisfied with my purchase of this radio. The radio is very compact, it is very reliable and I have had no issues. I am extremely pleased with the sound quality and the features on the radio. This radio has definitely earned its place in my radio arsenal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had this device for a few years and it was great for my needs. I used to watch a lot of the cable TV and this was a perfect way to stream it all in a way that was easy to navigate and use.  It worked great for both my TV and the cable box.  I would recommend it to a friend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* This was my first purchase of a new computer and I was very pleased with my purchase. It's so good. I use my computer everyday and the built in microphone is very helpful. I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been looking for an e-reader that could last a long time. I finally found one that does. I have had the Kindle Paperwhite since it came out and I still have a ton of pages left. I read on it every night and it's great! It's great that Amazon makes the e-book reader a lot cheaper than a paper book.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a nice device. I like that it has an external speaker for music. It's a nice design. I would probably not recommend it as a replacement for a real keyboard. But for some people, it might be useful.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *************  After reading all the bad reviews about the first iPhone I thought it would be a great device but the quality and speed of the download and setup were just awful! This year I decided to give the phone a try and I must say the quality of the software and hardware is amazing! The speed is amazing, I am so impressed with it! The battery life is great as well! I have been using it all day every day for over a month now and I am on day 9! It is fast and reliable and is just a joy to use! I am very happy with my purchase!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It was a nice surprise to have a new computer with this much power. The monitor works great and it is so nice to have the ability to move the screen around and have the monitor go into portrait mode.   I like the keyboard as well. I can type very quickly and it has very good key travel. The keyboard is also easy to use.   to the one complaint I have, it can be a bit loud at times.   of the 2 computers I have this is my favorite.  Read More Reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this as a replacement for my old VCD player. It is the same size as my old unit, but a lot faster. The volume control is a little fiddly at first, but once you get used to it, it works very well. The sound quality is also very good. I use this as an audio player for my laptop. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that there is no remote control. I would have preferred to have an option to control this from the keyboard. It would have made the setup process easier.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this to use as a monitor for my gaming PC. The monitor itself is great, the cable is cheap and it works. The problem is the software. The software is horrible and if I don't know what it is I can't figure it out. It's not that I don' want a "good" software, I just don't want a program that takes up so much disk space. It also seems to use up a lot of RAM. I'm going to try to get it down to 3 gigs but the amount of RAM used just isn't acceptable for this type of computer. I hope it gets better soon.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The  USB port works great.  When I first got the device I had to go out and buy a few cables just to get the device working.    It took me a while but I was able to get it to work.  The device has plenty of storage space to store a lot of data.  There are tons of options to help you store a ton of data for years.  I just wish the device came with the software that is in the software store. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first portable I bought for travel and I use it daily.  I have a phone for business and this is a lifesaver for travel.  It comes with two chargers.    It is very light and compact.  I wish they would make it larger but for the price this is awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The M.D. is a wonderful instrument for my needs. The controls are intuitive, the sound is wonderful, and the ease of use is exceptional. I've used it for over 3 years and have only had to adjust the volume once or twice. The instrument is extremely well made and the price is fantastic. This is the best deal on the market.  I highly recommend this device! I love the fact that I can use the M. D. for my guitar! I also love that it has a lot of settings for different tones and effects, so I can dial in exactly what I want. It's also very convenient because I can just plug in and play. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to add a second acoustic to their rig. My M. d has been with me since I got it in 2009, I have used it as a backup to my electric guitar, and a soloist's companion. I have always been pleased with its quality and functionality. The sound quality is very good for a small electronic guitar. I have a couple of the MDRs that I've owned for the last 7 years. I use the electric guitar mostly when I'm home with my son, but I've also used the MDS and the MDM for the same purpose. I love both of these instruments, and I've tried a couple other similar brands. I find that these are a better value and quality than the more expensive brands. It's a nice little tool. Overall, I am very satisfied with the MDA. I am able to use it on all of my instruments and am very pleased with the quality of sound. I also like the fact you can use it with different string gauges. I haven't had any problems with the unit, and it is easy to use and tune. I would recommend this to anyone. Great little acoustic guitar amp/M.D., especially when you're home. I recently bought a MDA because I needed something small, easy to play and didn't want to spend $200+ on a full-sized guitar amp. I found that the MDB and MDA fit the bill, and are all I need to play a small acoustic guitar. The MDA is a little louder than I'd like, but it doesn't take up much room in my case and I have no problem fitting a couple in there. I like the ability to control the level and volume with the included
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ When i got the phone, i was a little disappointed with the price, but i really liked the design. It is very compact and sleek, and feels really high quality, especially when you hold it. The only problem i found with it was the battery life is a little short. However, if you are an audio person, it is an amazing device. It has a good quality sound, and it has a very good bass sound. This device is also pretty easy to use, with it's quick setup. The sound quality is also good. The volume is also adjustable. It doesn't have many settings, but it's pretty nice. This is one of the best devices I have ever used, and i can recommend it to anyone. ------------ What I like: ------------- The main feature of the phone is the great battery life. The phone is really portable and lightweight, which is really nice. The camera is also great, and the built in speaker is pretty loud. The voice recognition works really well, and has a really good quality. The design is very stylish and well made. I also like the quick setup and battery life, and that it comes with a USB cable, which makes it super convenient to use. The battery life of the device is about 3-4 hours. ------------- What I don't like: ----------- The only negative i found about the phone was the lack of a removable battery. I really like to use my battery as a backup. The removable battery does not have a good feature, so I wish that they added one. -------------- Conclusion: --------------- I'm really satisfied with this phone, but if you want a really lightweight and portable phone, then the Galaxy S II is definitely the way to go. The one thing that I did not like about this phone was that it doesn't come with a removable removable battery, which I really wanted.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!! I purchased this for my girlfriend as she has a lot of issues with her eyesight and the glasses were a must. The glasses are great, very comfortable, and have a great screen. The only issue is that the phone can get hot if it's held upside down on the counter, but I can't complain too much since my girlfriend can't see that. I've got 2 of these and will be ordering a third soon, especially if my other 2 don't get a hold of them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s + sim card + sim lock + usb cable + sim tray (good) and the phone is a beast! ive owned it for 3 months now and have been very happy with the phone. it has great battery life and i can talk on the phone on the plane (with headphones) and when i am using my laptop at home it runs great. i have had my phone for over a month now and the battery life is great, and the sim lock and usb cable work great as well. i like the phone and it will get the job done.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's just a very well made and easy to use device. It has all the features you could want, with a good range of features. Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars. My first electronic device. I bought it a couple of weeks ago.  The first thing that impressed me is the size of the device. Â I'm a big guy, and the device is huge, but I think it's the right size.  The first thing I noticed about it is the buttons.    I've always liked the buttons on my old devices.  I've always had good luck with those buttons. The buttons are easy to get to and they click nice and well.  This is the only thing that I'm going to complain about.  This device is very hard to use.  It's like a little machine that you can't turn off.  So the first time I used it I found that it would constantly tell me it's "ready".   I have the option of "on" or "off".  It would be nice to have the same option for my phone, but other than that I like it. This device is a must have. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new XBONE Studio is a good choice. It is very light and easy to carry.  It is a lot more comfortable to play with than the old XBOX 360.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I've had several of these over the years and I was tired of constantly replacing them. It's not an inexpensive device but it works and has good sound. I like that I can get a great quality sound at a reasonable price. The only problem I had with it was that the batteries that came with it did not last long enough, they were too short to be good. I got a couple of rechargeable ones from the manufacturer to extend the life of the battery.  The speakers are a good size and the unit is very sturdy. ______________________________________________________________ __________________________________________________ Posted by Michael C. at 7:07 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased the K5-2 from B&H a few weeks ago, after reading the good reviews. I've used other devices and I can tell that the K6-1 is better than most. I am using the K-6-2 for home audio and am happy with the sound. This is my first time purchasing from B & H and I'm satisfied!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from Excellent Sound, Excellent Sound This is a good little receiver. I was a little concerned about a K6 receiver that can't play MP3's, but it doesn't. The sound quality is really great and it plays my older CDs flawlessly. It also has a great remote control with all the functions that you need. I had an old RCA set up but decided to upgrade to this unit and I couldn't be happier. The unit is light weight, very easy to use and has a remote that is a pleasure to use. The only thing I would add is that I wish they would make a version that has 2.5 inch audio inputs instead of the standard 1/8 inch connectors.  Great receiver This receiver is great. It has all the features that I was looking for. The remote control is nice and easy to navigate. It's got an equalizer and an EQ. I'm using it to stream some old music I have from my collection and I am pleased. ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought the FZ-07 and I love it. It's not just a good speaker but it's also very comfortable. I'm really happy with the quality of the sound it produces. I've tried several other brand speakers that sounded good but the sound was too weak. The FZ07 is just the right sound quality. I really love this thing. The only thing that would be better would be if the controls were a bit bigger but I really don't mind that. I also think the back button could be a little bigger too. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone. I do wish it had a microphone but I'm sure that will come in the future. I don't think I will be using my computer for music anymore but this speaker will definitely get my attention!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The best way to describe the sound quality of the Hsu M2 is a combination of analog and digital, with a bit of the old analog to digital and a bit more digital. The M2 has a very nice, full and rich sound, and I love the analog EQ. It's easy to turn up and down without being intrusive. I have the analog output and use my soundcards, but the digital output is so much nicer. I recommend the M2 to everyone.  I've had the M-1 for a couple of years and have gotten used to the sounds it provides, but I finally decided to get the M1, mainly because I really wanted to get a decent digital/analog converter for my M-2.   I'm pretty happy with my choice and can't wait to start using the M3. I'm also really glad to have this converter because I'll have two mics, so I can record both my main and the main monitor.  -L.W.    Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got this because my phone had stopped working on a Saturday night. It was a very simple replacement, no big deal, and the replacement worked exactly as it was supposed to.   The problem was that the replacement also had to be sent back.  .  :)   So, if you need a simple replacement for an old phone that is no longer supported, get this. I think the price is right.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 4s I love this phone. The battery lasts me a week and a half with moderate usage. It has a nice design, a great camera, a good touch screen, and a great music player. I do wish it came with a better battery life, but it's still great and will continue to be my daily driver for many years to come.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The product is very reliable. The only problem is the cable. It is too short and too thin. The best solution would be to have a longer cable, which is what the cable that came with it did.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** My son and I love this unit! He is 3 1/2 and very active and very picky about his toys. I was able to give him the best deal out of all of the toys we tried. I would not recommend this to a child under 5.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My first USB-C to micro USB adapter and the results are awesome! It's very easy to use and the port selection is perfect for me. I'm very pleased with the speed of the data transfer. The design is very good and has a good build quality.   The only thing I'd add is that there are two USB-A ports on the bottom. If you're planning on using a USB-M adapter, then the USB-B adapter is going to be the only option.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I bought a DSP10 for my son who has epilepsy. He was on an inhaler before his surgery. He has never had any problems with the inhaler or the DSP. He now has a lot more confidence. He is still on his inhaler but without the fear. Thanks DSP!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 18, 2012  Very nice device  by A Customer from Las Vegas NV USA  Review: I'm glad I purchased this product and it works very well. I had been experiencing problems with my son's inhaler so I bought this unit as a replacement.  Would you recommend this product? Yes  Great Product   by John from  Pros: works well, easy to use, easy install  Cons: I would have liked a higher voltage and a longer life.  a little hard to get the unit out  Overall: I really like this product. It works perfectly for my needs and I'm very pleased with the workmanship. I am going to buy a few more of these.  (Was this review helpful? Click here to tell a friend)  No problems  By Anonymous from Washington, DC USA  (Review was updated on July 26, 2012)  for about a year now, i have been using this DSP product with the electronic valve. no problems, no leaks. very happy with this product!  that's my only problem with this device. the DTSM-10 does not have the same quality controls as the original DTS-101  (Was this helpful? Yes | No) : ( Was this review useful? Yes )  It's like magic  Comment on this review: I have purchased several different types of DSPs in the past but this one is the best. The device is very well made and easy to put together. I have not had any trouble with it at all. I would highly recommend this unit. (Was a Review Helpful? Yes
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best cheap music player I've ever used. The software is easy to use, and the built in tuner is the perfect addition. The built in speaker is also very good, and is a great place to have a mini stereo. It is very easy to hook up to the stereo, and has all the features you would expect from a player that's so inexpensive. It's really worth the money. If you have a music collection that's growing and can't spend a lot of money on a player, I'd recommend this one.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this as a gift for my dad. He was skeptical about buying a "tablet" when it was a phone but I convinced him. He loved it! He is a very busy guy and is on the go so he needed to be able to easily get at a good book. This is great and has all the features that I wanted. I'm really glad I got it! I'm sure my wife will love it too!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great unit. The product is great. Easy to use, has all the features I needed and more. I have no problem buying more. Write a negative review about something bad about the unit:    I'm not a big fan of the battery life. I got mine with the 5 hour battery. I only used that 5 hour of battery. So I bought another one with the 10 hour battery to see if I liked it better. But it's still 5 hours. Overall:  This unit is awesome! I love the fact that I can turn it on, turn it off and have it on again and still have power. This is one of my favorite gadgets for this reason alone. It has a lot of features and I use it all the time. It's a great product that I would recommend to all my friends! -I love that I'm able to use it with multiple devices. I can use my iPhone and have the computer on and turn on the TV and have my computer on. I just got a second one and bought an iPad mini. I don't know why they would discontinue this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use on a desk in my room. It's a nice little piece of kit, but it needs a good set of standoffs. It doesn't work well with my computer stand.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    i bought this device because i was having issues with my laptop and wanted to replace it. the build quality is great and the software is easy to use. it is not very quiet. however, its not too loud either. i bought the v3 and the v4 and they work great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really like my VPC-2. It is well made and the audio quality is excellent. The USB connection works well, but it would have been better if it had a separate power adapter as a cable. The remote control is a bit hard to use. The battery life is excellent, but I wish there was a way to store the USB drive in the VPC as a backup. The VPC is a good portable unit, especially for those who want a small, convenient device. I wish I could give it a five star rating, but with the limited space on my desk, I couldn't fit the VPS-2 in my bag without a big mess.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the original Pong to go with my old NES. The sound was great, but the controls were awful. The controller was small and the buttons were very stiff. I got the NES Classic and the Pong was the best choice to go along with it. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good controller for a great price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It was so easy to install and it is so simple to use. I have been using this thing for about 2 years now and have had no problems at all.   I love this little guy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Great value. Works well. The only thing is that it does not come with a micro SD card (the included one is not usable) and it does have a lot of software that is not compatible with the micro SD (no word on what the issues are). The other good thing is it is cheap. The worst part is that the micro USB is not an option because of the proprietary connectors (but the other side has a USB connector for charging and syncing, so there are good alternatives).
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A very good and efficient device with good performance. I can use this with my PC and it works like a charm. It does not take up much space and is very easy to use. A very handy gadget!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this thing for over 2 years now and its still going strong and its been working great for me. i had to replace my usb hub with this one because the other one was a piece of junk, but i got this one and it works like a charm. the only issue i have had is the usb ports are on the backside of the device which causes them to stick out a little bit but that was a little annoying, i just moved them around a little to get them to fit and i am happy with the upgrade.   I also had to order an extra usb port because the first one i got was a faulty one. the second one i ordered worked great!   If you're in the market for an affordable bluetooth speaker, you will be pleased with this product. It has great sound quality for the price, and it is very portable.   The only thing i wish is that the remote control was a bit bigger so it would fit better in my bag. I'm 6'2" and the remote controls are just too big for my hands.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really like the product and the price is great. I'm a musician and I have a couple of Yamaha's and this one has better sound quality than the Yamaha's I have. The keyboard is a little stiff, but not as bad as the Yamaha pianos I have which are much cheaper. It's a great sounding instrument!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! I've been a long time user of an Apple computer and Apple portable device, but I finally made the decision to get a PalmPilot. I bought the Pilot 2 about a month ago and have been very pleased with it. The P2 is much more portable than the P1. The display is very bright, and has a very clear color. It's also very fast. I haven't tried the P3 yet, but it seems to have the same feature set as the P2, with the same number of buttons. The battery life is excellent. I've run it for days with no issues. It has a built-in SD card slot for storing images and videos. The screen is so clear that I am able to read it in bright sunlight. I have had this unit for about 6 months now and am very satisfied. I am planning on getting the P4 next.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the i8 for about two weeks now and it has done just what I expected. It's very fast and the battery is large enough to be able to use it for a few days with no problems. The audio is good and the phone itself is pretty good. It looks nice too. I just hope my phone doesn't get ruined before I get to use the device for that long. I'm very happy with the purchase. I like the new design and the new software, I think they really listened to the users. I don't want to see a ton of bugs or crashes. I also don't like that they added a back button to the touchpad which is a bummer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent piece of work. The fact that I can use this in a variety of situations is a huge plus. The only down side is that it is a little heavy, but that can be easily overcome by the included rubber feet. Was this review helpful? Yes No The Best. My son was looking for a way to keep his tablet and phone close together and this is the best way I found. I have tried to find a way for the tablet to stay off the table but that just made the phone go flying everywhere. It was so easy to put it all together and now I can have both my phone and tablet close to my heart and use one without the other. If you are looking for an easy to set up system that allows you to keep your phone and tablets close together, you have found it. 5.0 out of 5.0 stars. I am very happy with this system. I put it together in under a half hour and it has done it's job. It's so easy and fast that I am almost embarrassed that I have to write a review. I'm glad that I got it and would recommend it to anyone. Review from a first time builder: This system is a great solution to keep my tablet and my phone close. I like the fact that it's not a big bulky box that you have to carry around. The feet are a great add on. The best part is the fact it comes with a rubber pad that I cut to fit my tablet. I can now put my tablet on my table and it's all good. Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase and will be purchasing again. Great product but don't let the weight fool you. This is a very nice product. It has a large display which is perfect for the small form factor of the tablet and it can fit on a table top. The system itself is very simple. It comes with all the parts to put together, and the directions are very clear and easy to follow. It does come with rubber feet but I found that the rubber pads from a dollar store work better and they are much easier to use. I bought this for my son to use at school. I don't have a lot of space on the floor so this is perfect. He loves it and has been using it almost every day. I think this will last him forever. Awesome Product, great price, nice looking. The one thing
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  My wife and I both love our Apple iphone and have been using them for a while. We are a bit worried about the battery life, but they have the features we need. The software is great. The music player is a little tricky to use, but it does what it's supposed to.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I bought this camera to take photos of my grandson when he was little. It's so small, and so easy to use. I'm not sure what other people think of it, but I do. I have a Canon AE-1, and the Sony is so much better.   -Dan
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this to replace a small battery that was not working properly, and the performance was great.   The build quality is good, the screen is bright and clear, and it has an adjustable brightness control.   of course, it can't compete with the higher end models, but it's good enough for what I need.     Also, for the price, the customer service is excellent. They responded immediately to my emails and called me when the batteries were out of stock.   in fact, they replaced them on the spot!   Overall, great device and great customer service.   the only negative I have is that it's a little hard to put on your keychain.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I got my computer today, and am very happy with my purchase. The price is right, and the build quality is very good. It has more features than my old computer, and I am very satisfied. The software is easy to use, and a lot of features for the price. It would be even better if it came with a floppy drive, but I don't care for the floppy drive on my old machine. I have bought three computers since I started my computer hobby in 1976. I had been looking for an old PC for some time, but was looking at a lot for a price that would be too high for me. This computer is just right. I am so happy that I found this company. I will probably buy another one for my brother, and he is looking for a PC as well. Thanks for all your hard work! -- Mike M.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It works as described. It does have one issue, however: it does not come with a stand. The stand is not included. The bottom is hard to push in. If you're on the fence about this, just know it's a little more expensive.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful:  I just ordered my third of these and so far I have been very happy with them. I bought a small set and now have 2 of them. The only issue I have is that it can be hard to remove the battery from the front plate if it's really hard to do. I would like a little bit of help in that. ,, September 30, 2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was pleasantly surprised with the sound of this device. I have an old Sony Walkman that I purchased at Radio Shack for a good price, so I was really interested to try a digital player. I am very pleased with this unit. I also bought a new CD player. It was the same day and the price was the best I could find. I will definitely recommend this device to anyone who is looking for a quality player that is well priced. I highly recommend this unit to anyone. I was looking for something that would play my old CDs and this has done the job nicely. Thanks for your hard work.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had it about a year now and the battery lasts for hours and hours. i use it to keep up with my kids. i love the fact that the batteries last so long. also the music is good. if you're looking for a good sound system for your kid this is it. i wish it came with an usb cable too, but i got a cheap one anyway. if your child is old enough to use a computer then it should be ok, but if they are not, well that is your problem and you have to make the decision.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  My girlfriend and I love the wireless headphones. We have been very happy with the headphones and their ability to block out the background noise. We love the sound quality, the comfort of the headphones, and the fact that we can have them in our ears when we are driving or working. The only thing we don't like is that the batteries last about 3 hours but that is the only negative we can think of. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants good quality sound at a good price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- Great device. If you like using a touch screen tablet and you have the space and time to set up the computer and get it all up and running then this is a great product. It's not like the touch screen computers that you can get for $50-$100 on Amazon or Target but the size and screen quality is great. It does need a good keyboard but that's the cost of a better computer. I was able to setup and play games right out of the box, and you can use the web browser with the tablet. The battery life is good and it has a decent amount of memory to play games. The tablet doesn't have as much storage as a tablet but I have plenty of games I bought on Steam that I can play from the tablet or on the PC. The only problem is that the battery is only good for 3 hours, and that's not great. But that's only a problem for when you have a big party or just want to have some fun with friends.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really like the quality of the sound. I'm a fan of this headphone's sound and it's not the worst thing I've ever heard. If you are into electronic music, this is a great choice! Posted by  NerdNex at 2:22 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm really enjoying this computer so far. The price is really right for this machine and I don't think I will ever regret it. I bought a dual core 1.6ghz and 16gb ram as my computer of choice. I was so pleased when I got this, and then the day I plugged it in and ran Windows 8 it felt like I was at home. I'm running 3 windows 8 machines at the same time, but I'm able to use this as my primary one, so I'm not missing any of the features. I also have a dual macbook pro that I use for work and this has been a big upgrade for me as well. I've had it for a couple days and have not had a single problem with it at all, and it seems to run so smoothly. I like that the machine is quiet when it's on and I also love that the touchpad is really nice, and I think the hard drive is really good for the price point. I would definitely recommend this computer, especially if you want a solid, easy to use, cheap machine to upgrade.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was really surprised how good this product was. The volume and the music volume is the same as what I've seen in other reviews, but it has a much better sound quality than my Sony Walkman and my Walkman does not have that same quality. I am using this to play some oldies on my iPhone 4/4S/5/5c and the sound quality is great. I have been looking for a good player for my Walkmans and this one is a great choice.  It does not get hot and the controls are easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is a wonderful little unit! I purchased it for my son, who is an electronics technician. He is able to play with it, and even write some notes, but is unable to play any game on it. The remote is extremely simple to use and provides a great user interface. The price is very reasonable and it is small enough to put in a pocket or purse. I will buy another one!  Write a negative review about the same product: ************ I've owned a Logitech keyboard for years. I bought this one because I've always liked the design and the keycaps. I also liked the fact that it was a "gaming" keyboard and didn't feel like a generic keyboard for typing. I was hoping to get some gaming but didn't get that. It's still nice but it's not what I was looking for.  Have you tried this product?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.........................................................I was really looking forward to buying this product, but the shipping was way too slow. After about a month of waiting for my package, it was finally here and I am glad I decided to get the LG V10 instead of the Note7. The V10 has some really nice features including the ability to play movies, play music, and even play games with its ability to record video. I love the design and the ergonomic back cover. It's very easy to use, the software is smooth, and it's really thin and light. I have had the LG G3, so I was pretty skeptical about this phone. However, it's just as good as the G3. The screen quality is great and the camera is really good for the price. The fingerprint scanner is a bit finicky but it's still really easy to set up. I'm pretty satisfied with the phone and the price is right. I would recommend the V10 to anyone who wants a great phone for a great price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************** This was my first electronic device, and it works great. I just recently purchased my second one, and this is my first purchase from a company that I have purchased from before. I highly recommend this product, and the service from the company. I recommend this to anyone who wants a quality, low priced, and reliable product. **********************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to listen to music and I love it. The controls are very intuitive and easy to use. I'm sure it'll last for a very long time. I have the iPhone so I can't comment on the durability but if I had to pick between these and my iPhone it would be the Sony.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first audio system. I was looking for something that was quiet but still loud enough to drive a small system. It has good sound quality and the built in speaker is loud enough. I'm happy with the sound quality. The build quality is decent but I would have liked a little more durability to the unit. Overall a good purchase and I'll be getting more in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I love my Samsung tablet because it's a great computer with a great screen, and it's small enough to carry everywhere. I also really like the keyboard on it because it is very comfortable and easy to use. I really like that it can connect to my computer wirelessly and also that it doesn't have a battery. If the battery ever dies, I can always put in a new one. I'm so glad that I got this tablet. I think it's one of the best tablets that you can get for the price. ---------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used a vt-55 for a while now. i like the size and build quality. the battery is a little bit on the large side but for what i need it for. i use it for my car stereo and i'm very satisfied with the sound quality. this was my first digital audio player and theres nothing bad i can say about it. ive had no problems at all. i wish i had purchased the vt45 when i first got it. the sound is a bit more detailed and has a little more bass. ives not had any problems with it either.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I've bought the T100, which is basically a smaller version of the original T100. This one is not the most powerful (compared to the original), but it's good enough for my needs. The buttons are a little stiff to use at first, but it gets easier. I have a wireless keyboard and mouse (the original T1) that can only be used for a few hours at a time. This model is more powerful and longer lasting, but I'd still like to see a better design on the buttons and some type of battery indicator on the front. Overall, it's a decent buy for the money.  No more pain from my Apple keyboard! ------------ This thing is amazing! I have an old Apple keyboard that has some wear on it and I have been trying to get it to work with my T100 for a while now. This thing was the only one that would work with the keyboard. I've never used a keyboard that worked so well with my phone and tablet. It has a much better feel, so much so that I forgot it was even there until I got home and plugged it in. It's so much better than the old Apple Keyboard. I love it so much I'll probably get another one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am a big fan of the Sony Playstation 4. I am also a big Sony fan. The only problem I have had with my Playstation 4 is that it has a hard time staying charged. I have tried every brand of charging cable that I can find and I have come up empty handed. Sony is the only company that has made a cable that works. My brother in law has a Playstation 4 and his PS4 charger is also working perfectly. I was very happy when I found this cable. I highly recommend this to anyone that has a Sony Playstation.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The A8 is a fantastic device. It does exactly what it's supposed to do and has no problem doing it. I have it hooked up to my laptop which has a big LCD screen that is easy to read. The sound quality is very good. The only thing that I don't like about the device is the fact that it's too small to be useful for anything else. But this is the only con I can think of. It's a very good device for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    i got this because my other i think was broken in half so i was hoping for a replacement, but i love it. It's small and fits nicely in my pants pocket, and i can play the music i like without it getting in the way.   I would recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I've had my e-cig for 2 weeks now, and it is awesome. The best thing about this vape is the fact that it comes with 2 atomizers, so you can use different juice. The battery life is amazing, it's so good, I've been using it all day every day. I have tried lots of vapes, and this one is by far the best. I really like the new design, and the new flavors that come with it. It has everything you need in a vaper. It's super portable, and has a huge battery.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My first computer. I bought it at a good price and i'm very happy with it. It was a great choice when i first got a computer. i got a very good deal and i will definitely be buying a pc from this company again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have two of these, the second is still in its box, and the first one is just sitting in the drawer collecting dust. This device is the only thing I use for my radio. The only con is the size. The sound is better on the smaller unit. I'm very happy with the sound quality, I've been listening to my radio for years. I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------This is a very nice device, and I would recommend it to others. I use it in my office, where I'm always connected. It's very easy to use and has a lot of features.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's an excellent product. I am very happy with the performance of the product. My computer's fans have been pretty loud, so this was a welcome addition to the system. I have a Dell E5410 (i7-4770HQ) and it was a pain to use the computer. Now I can use the laptop without the fans. I'm also very happy that I bought this product.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm just using this for playing some music files I have on my computer (which is a computer that I bought about 6 years ago). The sound is good. The volume is nice. The screen is good too. I have not had any problems so far. I'm just glad that I got it. I would recommend it to any musician out there who is looking for a portable player.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from good for the price I was looking for a decent monitor at this price and found this. It has a wide viewing angle, is a little noisy but not overly so, and has a good picture. The only problem I found was the screen was a little too bright for me. I have the sony hd5000 but I would have preferred a brighter display with better blacks and color.  Review of DJ0268-0025B:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    "I bought the PN-Q3 for a special event (birthday party) in my basement. The device itself was a great surprise. The quality is good, the color is vibrant and very nice looking. I use it as a music player. It's great for watching movies and TV shows, and it's easy to navigate. I also like that the buttons are easy to push. The buttons are not too large and have a great feel to them. I like that you can adjust the volume and other features by moving the cursor on the screen. I have a small desktop computer, so I use a laptop. But this is a good size computer for the price. It is small enough to hide in a cupboard and has enough room to hold a computer, printer, and other small items. The price was great as well. I'm glad that I found this product!"   This device is a must for all computer users.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The most comfortable mouse I have used. I have a Razer Deathadder and a Logitech M510. I just bought the G502 and they are a great mouse to use and they look nice too.   If I was a betting man I'd say that you have a great product, great customer service and great support.   of course the warranty is not as good as my other two, but that's just a personal gripe. I will continue to use them.     I will definitely buy from this site again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is my first computer with a motherboard and it is a joy to use. I am a programmer and I have been wanting to get a computer that I can program and make games on. This is a very nice computer, and if I get a couple of years with it and use it for games, I can get some decent results. The only thing I didn't like was the case, it is very flimsy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s, great phone, battery life is very good, but the new update for the smart watch doesn't work and the watch band is not very good. ive had this phone for 2 months and the battery life hasn't gotten any better. ived had it since it was released and it doesn't look like the previous generation phone. the smart band is a bit weak and i don't understand why the new smart watch has no functionality.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 24, 2012  i have had the phone for a little over a year and it's my daily driver  by A Customer from El Cajon CA USA  Pros: Great phone, fast and responsive to all my needs  Cons: none  Review: I bought this phone 2 years ago. It has been my primary phone since then. It is very well made and performs well. I've had this for 2 years and it still performs as good as it did the day I got it. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a well made phone with very good features for the price.  in addition to the phone there are a number of great accessories available. I purchased the watchband, which is not included in the box, as well as the screen protector.  a few other things that have helped me to make the phone last as long as it has:  - keep my phone charged, it gets around 30% and then goes down to about 15%  -- I've got this phone now for over 2 years now and still has a good battery life  and of course I still use the google apps on my phone  Good luck on your purchase!  A Customer from Los Angeles CA USA.  I got this Phone as a gift 2 months ago, It has served me well for a long time. I am still very happy with it, but there are many better phones out there, I use it mainly for email and social media. I use my phone when I am in my car and it does not take up a lot of space, but if you want a bigger screen then this is not the phone to get.  (Verified Buyer)  Thanks  Great phone , by T.H. from St. Louis MO USA  the phone is excellent for the money  , from Anonymous Customer from USA  is a great phone for the time I have
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________   I have used this for over a year now and have not had any problems. The sound quality is very clear. I have used the earbuds with my iPod and they work great. The headphones are small but do a good job of blocking out background noise. I do use the bluetooth with my phone as well as my computer and I have no problems with this. I would definitely recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This thing is fantastic. I bought it as a backup battery for my cell phone, and when I needed it I took the other battery with me. The screen is nice, and you can easily set it to turn off the phone. It's also pretty bright, and it will last you forever. It also has a good build quality, and is easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ When I received my Samsung SGH-T9000 I immediately went to the "Add to Cart" screen and ordered the replacement battery. It arrived in about 2 days and I was very happy. My old battery died and I had to send it to Samsung to get a replacement. The SGH has an excellent sound system, the volume is just right, and the software is great. I highly recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I got this for Christmas and I'm very happy with it. I use it all the time. I'm able to read my emails in bed, on the bus, on my lunch break and even when I'm running late. I also love the fact that I can use the phone with one hand, it's just so convenient.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two  PicoBong machines. One is my main one, and it is a nice little machine that is easy to use. I've had it for a year and have been using it a lot for different types of weed. The other one is the smallest one I own and has a better screen. It is a little more of a challenge to use, but has an awesome sound and is very useful for dabbing and smoking. The best part about this product is the price. It has lasted me about 3 months and is still going strong.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a fantastic product. I have been very happy with it. I really like the fact that I can get it in black and white or color for my workstation. It works great and it's very light. I also love that it can run all my programs without any problems. I will be buying more when I get my next one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I was skeptical when I received my iphone 6s. It's a beautiful looking device, but the battery life was horrible. I bought this iphonel and had a great experience with it. I love the fact that I can keep my ips connected with just one of the cables. It also allows me to use the ips with my ics2 when I need to use it. Great product  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Very cool and easy to use. Works as advertised and looks cool too. Great for my first airbrush kit and looks awesome on my build.  I recommend it to anyone who has an interest in airbrushing, especially if they are just getting into the hobby.  and...I just had the kit and it looks awesome!   I've had several different brands of airbrushes and they all felt cheap and had too much plastic in them. Not this one! I'm impressed with how well it holds paint. The brush is nice and firm and is a perfect length for my short arms (and you don't need to get much bigger than this to get a good paint job out of it).  It does take some time to get the hang of the controls, but it gets better with practice. Once you get the controls down, the controls feel smooth and accurate. The handle is easy to grip and the airbrush is nice to hold.   If you're into airbrushed models and don't have a lot of money, this is a great starter kit! It's well built and very easy to put together.  , but for the price, it's not worth it. It's a fun kit to build, but the airbrusher doesn't have that much power and the price is just way too high for a beginner. I would not recommend this airbrush to someone who is just getting started in airbrush painting and just wants something good enough to start them off.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I have had this for a year and a half and use it all the time. It is the best wireless earbuds I have ever owned. I have used them to listen to music, podcasts, movies, and TV shows. They are well made and have been reliable for over a year. I just recently purchased another pair of the same model and they sound great as well. The only complaint I have is the sound is a little louder than I like.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The sound quality is excellent. The unit is very durable and comes with a great case to protect it. The battery life is a bit short but I can still keep up with the TV and computer games with the battery. I've been using it almost two years and I've never had any problems with it. I highly recommend this product and I think this is a good buy for the price.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from It works well and easy to install! I was looking for a simple way to connect a TV and a computer and the HD-600W worked well. The TV is just a HDMI port and the computer is an analog port. The power cord is short, but it's a short power cord for the TV. I only use the unit on a desk and use a stand with it to power it off a wall socket. It's just a little bit short. I like the compact design of the unit. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   i bought the wireless mic to use in my computer room as a remote mic, but the built in microphone is better for my home studio and other projects, as well as having a larger microphone jack so I can use the extra mic inputs.  I also like the built-in rechargeable battery and the extra controls, like the record gain and mute button.    I like the fact that the mic can be used with my computer, which is plugged into my TV or any audio device, but also works great for use in a computer room.   The only downside to the mic is the small size. The battery life is short (4 hours) but the mic still works perfectly.   is the price you pay for a wireless mic.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is great, but there is something wrong with the customer service that I'm seeing on the website.  It's almost as if the employees are being paid to take your money and then tell you the product doesn't work as it should.    I'm not really sure how to use this device yet, but it is great and the price is reasonable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's very handy. I use this for taking notes and taking pictures and I like the way it fits into my purse.   I'm also really enjoying that it's waterproof.   the only thing I wish it had was the option to use it as a printer for my computer. The fact that you can only print on a small area means that if you want to make a lot of notes on a big page or a book, you may have to leave the page open for the ink to dry. Also, it's very difficult to use the ink on a white page.   in summary: this is a very handy device for anyone who uses a laptop and has to carry a laptop around.  :)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The new A.C.E. (Advanced Circuits Electronic Starter Kit) is the best kit on the market for the price. The kit is built in a small unit that fits on your keychain and is easy to use. It comes with everything you need to start building and debugging circuits, including a breadboard, two resistors, two capacitors, a potentiometer, and two test leads. The A.E has a built-in USB port for connecting to a PC to transfer files, and the software comes with many examples and programs to help you get started. I have been using this for the last few months and the build quality is excellent, the parts are all included and the package is extremely well designed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best thing to ever happen to me. I have had a Mac for over a decade and this is the first time I can use it as my primary computer. The touchpad is extremely accurate and I am able to use it to type. I also love the built in speakers. I am very impressed with this purchase and recommend it to everyone. I have owned a Dell laptop for the last few years.  I love the build quality, and the screen is very bright and easy to read in bright light. The laptop is extremely responsive to touch and I can't tell it is a laptop from the outside.    I highly recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 3gs  by julie l  I have an iphoney 3gs. The phone works fine, it is the software that is missing. I have to turn off the bluetooth, but I am happy with the phone. I really want to see a few more apps like e-mail, calendar, and maybe even the calculator. I am very disappointed in this phone and would not recommend this phone. The only reason I gave it a four star is because of the amazing price, but i dont think its worth it. I will probably switch to an ips.  Write a negative review about an unneeded product: ips 4g  By Steve  i bought this for my daughter who has a phone at home that she loves. when i received it, the only thing i noticed was the size difference between it and the ipod touch. the size was the same but the ipad has a bigger screen. i was very surprised with the price of the phone compared to the ipods. i dont understand why they have this difference and i am going to have to buy a ipod and a backup phone to have on hand. i just hope they make the difference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone4s, very nice to look at, the camera is great, but the iphones camera is a little slow to focus. the battery life is great.  Have had this for a few years, the only thing that would improve is the wireless. It has been good so far.  the ics camera is very good but it is very slow to capture pictures and focus, it took me a few days to get it to focus on a dog and it took 2 days to take a picture with the camera. the camera does have an option to download to your computer but not much good to do that with the ix camera. -  I am very satisfied with this purchase. The only issue I have had is the battery is very small. I would not use this in the dark and the charging is very short and only lasts for 1.5 hours. Also, the charging light does not turn on or off. This could be easily fixed. The good: The battery life for this is great and I am able to take about 8 hours of video at full brightness and this light is a nice feature to have. The phone is very sleek and slim. The quality of the phone is excellent and the camera works great for video and stills. The camera is not the best I have used but it still works well. The bad: I have been using this phone for about 6 months now and the only issue is the camera can only capture video at 5 megapixels. The zoom function is also not very good and can not be zoomed up very far. This is not a problem though and I would still recommend this phone. The overall quality of this phone is great so it has been a good investment for me.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought the Korg K-1000 a few years ago. I've used the K-800 and the K1 as my primary synthesizer since then, and I like all of them. The K-100 is very different from the others. It's much smaller, and it's got some great sounds, but the keyboard is terrible. I love the K3, but I'm not sure it's a good choice for someone who wants a synthesizer with a keyboard. The controls are well designed, but that's about it. The sound is a bit thin, and the oscillators sound more like a square wave than a sine wave. The only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is the fact that it has no tuner, and is pretty much unusable for that reason. If you're in the market for a small, easy to use, cheap to buy synth, go for the K100. If the sound quality is good, that's all that matters. But if you want a synthesiser with a good keyboard, get the K1000, which is what I did.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's great to be able to play the classic games from the 90s on this console. I'm really glad I bought it. I am very happy with the purchase and the fact that I don't have to pay $100+ for a game I could have gotten for less money online. Great job, Nintendo!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, September 27, 2016  Good but could be better  by A Customer from South Bend IL USA  Pros: Good price for good quality Cons: none  Review: Great product, good quality. It plays all the classic Nintendo games on it very well, with no frame skipping at all. The only thing I wish they had added was some sort of extra controller. It would have been great to have one of those built in.  I bought two of them for my Wii, so I could play my older games on my Wii U. I will be buying another one to use on my N64. The controller is very nice, but it needs to have an extra one. -The GameCube controllers are very cheap, but I like the fact you can plug them into a Wii U gamepad without the extra controller being in the way.  the N64 controller doesn't have any sort of built in battery like the Wii U controller does, but if you wanted a spare battery you could buy one off of ebay for a good price.  I also don't know why Nintendo didn't put in a microSD slot in this controller. I was expecting a little more power from a gamepad. I don´t really care if I can use it to play my old games on a Wii. :)   Was this Review Useful to you? Yes No Thursday, August 30, 2016
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a good little device. It is easy to use and the color coding is a nice touch. The display is not very bright, but it does the job well. I would buy it again.  My 2cents: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first electronic device I have owned. The sound is very nice. The software is intuitive and user friendly. The remote is well made. The buttons are not overly large and don't get in the way. I was a little confused at first when I plugged the device in, but I got used to it after awhile. The device has good battery life and can be used at anytime of day. I am very pleased with my purchase.   No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this thing since its release in august of 2012 and its great. i use this for watching movies and tv shows and it works great. the only thing that would make it better is if it came with a cd player, but i guess you get what you pay for. the batteries in this thing last longer than most other cd players that ive seen. i have no complaints about this thing. ive bought other blu ray players and they have failed me over and over. this thing is awesome and worth every penny.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________ I bought this about 2 months ago, and I really like it. I can't say it's the most advanced, but I feel like it's been made well. The price is very good, and you get what you pay for. I also really like the fact that it's rechargeable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I'm glad I got this to see if it works. It was really cool and was easy to use. The only problem is that it's really heavy, so you have to hold it up to charge the batteries, but that's not too big of a problem. Also, it is difficult to read the battery levels because the numbers on the screen are on the bottom, so it is hard to see what it says.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first electronic device, so i am very excited to use it. The screen is easy to read and is not too bright, and the touch buttons are responsive. It also has two USB ports, so you can charge your phone or tablet on the go. I have had no issues with the device so far.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned this for about 3 weeks now and i absolutely love it. The buttons are very responsive and the device has a solid feel in my hand. I love the fact that it connects to my phone wirelessly so i dont have to carry any extra chargers. The only thing i dont like about this device is the battery life. Ive had this for 3 weeks and only got about 3 days out of it. Its still a good unit but the battery isnt as great as i thought it would be.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I love this little device. It works really well, is very quiet, and is small. I am able to keep a phone at hand in my pocket without being concerned that it will get lost. I can't believe how cheap this thing is! I have used it for a few years now, and the batteries last me forever. This is a must have for me, and I use it all the time. I do not recommend using a different type of battery for this device. I keep my phone in a leather bag. I use the included charger and get 2 hours of use out of it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!The XBOX ONE and 360 are good little machines. I am a video game lover and I love having my own console. I had the 360 and got it because I love the way they look and play. I can play all my games on it. I'm glad that I got it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iphone is a very good and very convenient device for my everyday life. I love the touch screen and the speed of operation. It's nice to have a mobile phone that is also an iphono player.  I also use the iphones camera function when i need to take a picture for an important meeting or I'm trying to get a picture of something that i need and can't get on my iphoned phone. The iphonest is very light weight and easy to carry.    I highly recommend this iphophone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for about a year now, and have used it for about 20 hours a day, almost every day. it is great for my needs, and works great. i bought it as a replacement for a cell phone, which i found out after a while that the battery couldnt keep up with the use. so i decided to buy a new one and this one is great. the sound quality is amazing, and the screen is very bright. the only thing i wish is that it had a micro usb port, because the old one is not compatible with my computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is a really good device and the sound quality is very good. I am an audiophile so the sound is what I was looking for, however the price is a little high. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dave from Great sound, low cost. I bought this amp to replace my old one that was on its last leg. The sound is great. It is very small, easy to set up and use. The only drawback I found is that you have to pay for the AC adapter that comes with the amp. I have had good luck with the Pioneer CD-i's.  the sound was great with the cdi player  The best sound out of a portable I've ever heard. I use it to listen to music on my travels and on my way to work. I'm a professional musician and am always on the go so this is a great way to get some quality music. I've had it for about two weeks now and I love it. I think I paid about $50 less than I would have paid for the cdis
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great device for getting music and mp3's on your computer. It works great, has tons of features and comes with a good price. The only downside is that it only supports Windows XP. The software was easy to install and run. I just wish it had a few more features. I have tried the Mac version and it was a lot easier. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No I really like this app I can get all my music and media and it's very easy to use and works great with my computer. I really like the ease of use and the music is amazing. I recommend this to all my friends and anyone who wants to play some music. This is the best music player for me I love it the simplicity of it is awesome I like it a lot I love this music player. It's so good and simple to use. I'm so glad that I bought this player. I like the fact that I can use it on both my mac and PC. I do like that it supports both windows and mac. I have tried many other music players and this is the only one that I like. I would recommend it to anyone. The Best Music Player for Mac and PC I bought this music application to get a music player on my computer but I found it is perfect for my Mac. It has a great interface and it has a lot of features, but you can only run it on one operating system. The music player works great for me. It is fast, has all the features and supports both Mac and Windows. I love this application. Great for a fast music player I bought a Windows based music player but after installing it, it kept freezing up on my mac. I found this music software on line and was so happy to find it to be so simple and to be compatible with both windows 7 and mac os 10.6.8 and 10.10.5. I am going to try the mac version to see if it will be compatible but I know the music player will be so much better with Mac. I highly recommend this application for music players. Good for the money This is the most powerful music player that I have seen. I find that it has all of the features you need and more. The quality of the sound is superb. I use it with my Mac computer. Nice and easy to run I just wanted to let you know that this is a very easy and
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- The battery is great, not too long, but not too short. I have a long hair and the battery pack is perfect for me. It's great that it comes with a brush and some hair ties for the hair. This is a great product and I highly recommend it. It is very easy to use and it's a good size for the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the "Oscilloscope" for $50 on ebay, it's great for diagnosing electrical issues. I had to buy the oscilloscope with the oscillometer but I still have the oscillograph with me.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My daughter bought this to use with the iPad and it works great! I am a little disappointed with the quality of the product as the display is not as sharp as other devices I have bought. I had to do a lot of research on the internet to find out what the exact specs of this device were and I found out the following:   • 1GB DDR memory  • 4GB flash memory    I was surprised to find that this was more than enough for my daughter and that she has no trouble using the tablet.   Also, the price is great and it is worth the price.   the only thing I wish it had was an adjustable screen angle.  I've been using this for the past 3 years. I use it for reading, writing, playing music, and watching videos. It is extremely portable, and the display and sound are good. I would recommend it to anyone who needs a tablet.  is the best one out there! I have used this for writing documents, and browsing the internet. It has the best screen out of all the ones I have owned. I love it. The only thing that would make it better would be a larger screen. I have it for the last 3 years and have never had any issues. I highly recommend this product!  What a great little tablet! I bought this tablet last year to replace my iPhone 3GS. The specs are better and it's easier to use. My only regret is that I can't get a case. It fits perfectly but is a little tight around the edges. I've had it for about a year now and I haven't had any problems at all.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- Excellent and convenient. Great for those times when you don't have internet. I use it to play music on my iPad and to listen to podcasts on my iPod. I highly recommend it and the price is great!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I'm new to electronic gadgets. My wife and I just recently started to use these things. So far we have been very happy with the product and will continue to buy them. They seem to be working great for what they are designed to do and the price is very reasonable. The only reason I gave it four stars is because it was hard to get the remote to work. I thought it would be a simple plug and play but it wasn't. We tried the "easy" method but I ended up having to open and repair the unit. I'm still working on getting it to work but it will be a good way to store our kids and pets as they can watch a movie on the TV.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I have a Dell XPS 15. I have used it as a media center for 4 years, and the XPS is just the best in this category. I can use it on my lap, on my desk, and on the couch. The speakers are great, and I have always found them to be more than enough for my use. I use this machine as my primary machine for my media and gaming needs. I love it, and can't imagine switching to anything else. It has held up well for me.  I have a Samsung S8 and love it: ---------------I use my samsung s8 as my main device and the only thing that i use the s8 for is my gaming, music and movies. The s8 is a great device, and is great for multimedia. the only issue i have is that the samsungs camera sucks. and the s9 camera sucks even worse. but the s7 camera is great. I think it's just a case of my eyes not seeing what i want to see in a camera. But as far as the hardware and software goes i'm satisfied. The best laptop ever: ------------I love my XPS 13. The screen is so clear. The keyboard is so good. The touchpad is very good. I would love to get a faster processor but it's not a huge deal. I also love the fact that the battery life is fantastic. It's so fast I can almost forget I have it on. I just put the battery in and get on with my work. The only downside is the lack of USB-C ports. But for me that's a small price to pay for such a beautiful screen, excellent keyboard and amazing battery life. , but I can't give it a full 5 stars. the laptop is very heavy. but I think I can live with it. I'd buy this laptop again and again.  in the end: --------------I think this is a really great machine, especially when it comes to the build quality. It feels so good to use, and so smooth. If you like gaming and multimedia then you will definitely love this laptop.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My new iphone 5c works very well with my iphones.  I love the sound quality, and the screen is bright and clear.    Overall great iphono. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The unit is great. I was a bit skeptical about buying the unit, but I have had no problems with it at all. It was easy to set up and get going. I had the unit for over a month, and it still works perfectly. I do have to set the unit to standby to save battery. Otherwise, it is a very good unit.   Product: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm a big fan of the sound of this thing. I had heard other reviews that said the sound quality was poor. It was the only reason I didn't give it five stars. The sound quality is excellent, even for the price point. The only thing is, there's only one mic input. I tried using my iPhone with it, and it sounded great. But it's not my preference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! It is an absolute pleasure to use. It's super easy to use, I can just push a button and go! It also makes it super easy and quick to change my battery, and I don't have to open the phone case to change the battery or charge it. My only complaint is that the buttons can be a bit hard to use if you don't know what you are doing. But if you do know what to do, it's super great!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this item because I had a very hard time getting the other type of remote in to work with my iphone 4. The other remote is very clunky and requires too many hand movements to be able to control my phone. The iBunny remote is much more compact and has much more range, it also has 2 buttons that I can program to control the various functions on my phone. I have been using the iBucky for 2 weeks now and I love it. The only reason I am not giving this product a 5 star rating is because of the fact that there is not enough battery in the remote. The battery is very small and I was only able to get about 3 hours of use out of it before I needed a recharge.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  When you get tired of an electronic device, the old mechanical one is better  -Troy A.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is the best USB cord I have ever used. I had purchased this cord for my Sony Vaio Pro 13 with the CD player and it was the perfect size for my USB cable. I plugged my CD player into the USB plug and connected my portable speakers. My Sony Vaios sound really good and the music is very loud. I can even use my laptop as a stereo speaker. The cord also looks like a standard USB cable which makes it very versatile. I recommend this product. I will definitely be buying from this company again. *****
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works fine. I use it on my laptop. I can't comment on how it works on a mobile phone, but it works fine on my iphone. The software works great. I have to use a computer for some things. I will use this for all my needs. The only problem is, I would like it if it had a USB port.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this to stream my ipod on my iphone since a while now, and it works great! its very portable and works great, and the battery lasts forever. i wish i could buy it in a bigger size. i bought it because of the fact that i can stream my ipod on the go, and this fits the bill. the only con i have is the size, but that may just be me.  Rated 5 out of 5 by bryan from perfect for a backpacker. I use this on the road as my laptop and phone. I got this on sale so that I could save money and get a more portable option. It is well made, compact, and does the job. I also like the battery life, especially for when I am on the move. The only thing I don't like is the color, but I can live with that.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________  This was my first purchase from a reputable company. I'm very happy with this purchase and will continue to buy from them. I can't believe how easy this product is to use and the price is excellent! Thank you!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a great toy.  It's not as large as some, but that's ok for me because it's my first anal toy.  I love that I can fit it in my ass without having to bend over or remove the insertable portion of the toy.   I'm pretty sure I'll buy this toy a second time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for a couple of weeks now and it works perfectly. I have an old iphone which i use for emailing and reading and this device is more accurate and fast. The only thing i would say is that its very hard to keep the device clean. I use a small screwdriver to clean it out after each use, but its a pain in the ass. Overall, a great device.  Good product for the price. The price was great as well. Great product  Works great! I got this product and I'm glad I did! It has a great range of settings and is very easy to use. I love how the buttons are clearly marked and I can read them easily. The batteries are nice as well and I am able to recharge them using the USB cable provided. I am very pleased with this purchase!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had my iStick for a few months now and have been very pleased with it.  It is a very good device. Â The screen is very bright, easy to use, and is very easy to charge.    My only criticism is that it doesn't have a micro usb. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I am a professional photographer and I use this camera for my business. The pictures look good on my computer screen. The battery lasts me about 10 days. I have the red version.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    First of all, the device is really beautiful. It is compact and the build quality is amazing. The price is very good for the quality of the product. I highly recommend it.   I got this as a birthday gift and I am so happy that I did. I have a Sony MDR-7506, which is a much better sounding and more full bodied sound but at a higher price. This unit is definitely the better of the two.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very convenient to have this as I'm using it for work and can't have my iPad around when I'm on the go. Works well. I do wish it came with a charging cord.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  This is a very useful and easy to use electronic device.  I use it as an external hard drive. It is very fast, and works very well. I don't know why everyone hates it. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. -Mike from New York, New York  Excellent!  The Seagate Barracuda 2TB External USB 3.0 Hard Drive is a good value at an attractive price. The drive is very quick and is easy to set up. I highly recommend this product.  a.  of C  Barracuda 2 TB External Hard Drive Excellent drive at a very reasonable price. Fast and efficient. I use this as my primary drive and it keeps my data well organized. Very satisfied with this purchase.  the only thing is the name, but it works great for me  -Dale from Canada  Easy to use  You can only imagine the speed of the drive if you have never used it.  (I am using it as a backup)  It is very easy to setup, and has a very large capacity. The only thing I would suggest is to make the drive a little longer so you can put it on a bookshelf or something that will make the power cord longer.  and the drive looks very sleek  (I used it as my internal drive)  the Seagate 2TB external hard drives are great at keeping your data organized and fast. The price is reasonable for this size, and they are easy to work with. I would recommend this to any tech-savvy person.  I love this product, I've been using this drive for about a year now and I am very pleased with it. I wish they made them in a different color, but other than that I would highly recommend them to anyone that wants a cheap, small, and fast drive.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've used the Epson P520, I had the original version and it was my first printer, I'm glad that I bought this one. I like the new design, it's a lot easier to use. I really like that it has an SD card slot and USB 2.0 port. I have a Dell that's way more expensive but it's not nearly as fast, and I have to use my laptop a lot more to edit my images. The only thing that I don't like is the software is very old, but you can still use it to edit and print, which is nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am so happy I bought this device, it is perfect for my needs. I had the original Philips one and had to buy a new one. The unit came as expected and is in great condition. The sound is crystal clear and the remote is a big plus, the remote works with my iPad. I also appreciate the built in light and it is adjustable. If you are looking for a good sound bar then look no further, you won't be disappointed.  Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  is an excellent sound bar for the money!   The sound bar is very well made and the included remote is easy to use. I love the fact that it can be adjusted to fit your room.  and is so versatile for the price.   This unit is a great buy!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s - great phone. better then my iphones 1st gen. no more fumbling around. this phone is better then the iphony's. the phone works very good and is more of a "mobile" than a phone. great phone  Did you find this helpful? 6 of 8 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Brian M.  5  Reviewed by:from San Antonio. on 7/22/2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________. I love this product! It's great for my job. I just bought one for my daughter for Christmas! I'm sure she'll be using it for years to come. ___________.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my pda since late 2004 and this is the best device i have used. its a little on the heavy side but thats to be expected with the size of it. the buttons work and the screen is crisp. I like the fact that it has a power on/off switch so you can charge it from the wall or usb. it can be powered off from a usb power source and still work. the usb port on the back works well with a usb hub. the screen and buttons have been great since i got it. this is my first pda and its great to have a great product at a great price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! It works!!! No problems! I had my computer reset in the middle of a game and this fixed it!!!  My computer's problem was that the battery was dead! It was a simple fix to replace the battery.  Best of all, it worked. I have no complaints!  This is a great tool, and I'm very pleased with the purchase. It's easy to use, and the price is reasonable.  the product is great. the price was right.  is the price good? i'm having a problem with the battery, it's charging, but when it doesn't charge, it won't power on. Is there a fix to that?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a month and it's still running strong. I use it to watch my TV, and when i'm not watching it i use it for gaming and music. The sound is decent and the touchpad works. The battery life is also decent and it doesnt last long on low power. Overall i would give it a 5 star rating if it had more than 2 stars, but at the price you cant go wrong.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mikaelb from Excellent Product for the price. Great for watching videos and music without much lag.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 4s!!! This is my first electronic device I've purchased from Cabelas and it is everything I've wanted in a small portable device. The quality is amazing and I'm really pleased with the way it feels. I've used it a lot and love the fact that it comes with a small carrying pouch. I have a hard time finding the little buttons that let me change settings so this device is perfect for me. It is also very quiet. I would highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********  I got this thing a couple weeks ago. I was very pleased with the purchase. It is very good for the price. The audio quality is very clear. The only negative is the size of the device. The cord is short but not too short. It does not come with a stand.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very well made and functional device. The only downside to the device is the battery life. I have it on for about 2.5 hours of use, but I expect it to last longer with some use. The device is easy to operate, and it's a joy to use. I've already recommended this device to several friends and family members. The price is also very good considering how well built it is. I would highly recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This was my first computer. I purchased it for my daughter who had just started high school. She absolutely loves it. It was easy to setup and works very well. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a computer that can do a lot of things. I recommend this to all of my friends.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for my daughter as she has been using a laptop and tablet for a long time and was looking for a tablet that she could use for the school day and also have a book/workbook. She loves the size, it's very easy to read and has lots of options for customizing it.  The screen is crisp and bright and the weight is perfect.  I love the included paper and pencils and I also love the fact that you can buy different sized covers for it. Overall a great purchase.    I'm very happy with it and will definitely be buying another for my husband as well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The GigaWorks is great, it's an amazing value for the price. I can't think of a better choice. I'm so glad I got one. I'll use it to do my computer work. I don't want to carry a laptop around. It's nice and light. What did you think of this review?  Disappointed? _____________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this unit last year for my daughter's birthday and have been very pleased with it. It is a nice little gadget that has been useful on a number of occasions. I'm not sure that I'd recommend it for everyday use, but it does do what it says on the tin.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- A very useful product for the price. The design of the case is very sturdy and well made. It is a very secure case for the battery. The charging port is very well designed and the cord is very short. The battery has a very nice feel and quality. I bought the 2-cell unit and have yet to run it down. It seems very durable and I am sure I will not need to replace it for a long time. I have a Sony Walkman CD player so I was worried about a headphone adapter but it is a great adapter. I use the same adapter for my iPod and it works great. I think it would be better if there were a better quality cable but overall it is an excellent product for less than a dollar.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! - August 10, 2010great device  Reviewer: pjh - favorite favorite favorite - August 6, 2010  Subject: great sounds  great sound quality and great features... - August 5, 2010good  Nice sounding system, but the "cassette" output is pretty crappy and a little too bright, especially on the upper frequencies. - August 3, 2010nice sounding system  - August 3. 2010Awesome sound and features - August 2, 2010Excellent  This is one of the better sounding systems I have ever heard. I've heard some good sounding systems and this one just sounds better than the others. I have a few other system's in my collection, but this is one I'll be able to afford to keep for a while. It's also quite nice that it has a CD input, but not a digital input, so I can use the Cassette input if I wanted.   Overall, I am very happy with this unit.   "c" is the best - July 29, 2010Awesome  Sound Quality: 10  Ease of Use: 10 - July 24, 2010Solid  Great sound quality. - July 19, 2010Great sounding system - July 18, 2010Wow  The sound is great and the controls are easy to use. I'm having a hard time getting it to record my own music. It only takes a few seconds to play a song and then it just sits there. - June 22, 2010It's okay, but  What I like: Great sound quality, nice features and it's cheap.  I don't like: No D/A converter for my computer, no external USB connector. - May 13, 2010What I dislike: It's okay  Does what it says it will do. I really like it. - April 12, 2010it's okay - March 14, 2010not bad  Was really looking forward to this system, as I love my sony cd's and mp3's, so this is a must have for me. The sound quality is really great and you get a nice big display. The controls are very easy to navigate. I like how you can use your iPod as an auxiliary input, or even as a sound recorder. I will be buying a second one to add to my collection. - February 24, 2009Great Sound, Good Price, Good Features  It's a good looking unit. I was surprised at
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have been very happy with this purchase. It is a very good little device. I use it to help my husband with the computers in the house. I do have a problem with the volume controls not being centered and the volume being way to high. I will update this review with the latest version of this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!! This thing is a steal for the money. It is a nice small size that works with all my other devices (all my bluetooth, phone, ipad, ipod, and computer). I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 that i use to listen to music from a cd player in the living room. This is a much better device for that. The sound quality is better than my samsung device and the screen is much larger. I would buy this device again and again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good portable sound system.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for an inexpensive pd-1000 for years and this one came through! it wasnt my first ds, but it was my first good one and i love it. i am using it for music and videography. the only downside i have is that it does not have a flash but that is probably due to my lack of knowledge on the topic and not the product. the other good things about this unit are the sound and the light. the light is nice and bright, but i am not a fan of the design. i have the hitech h5100pw, and i really like it better than this. i just wish that this had an option to add a backlight. so, if you want to get started with your camera or just enjoy music and video production, get this!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first set of Korg Monotron synths and they sound like they are in perfect working order. The sound is not muddy or out of tune. The sounds and effects on this set are great! The one thing I would like to change is the sound of the midi/CV input. It's a little "clunky" sounding. I wish the input would be a little better quality.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I am a musician who has been looking for a quality guitar amp for a long time.  I have tried many over the years, from small ones that sounded good to the huge high-end amps, but nothing I found satisfied me.    After a few years of searching for the perfect amp, I finally got this one.  I used it with my acoustic guitar, and it was a good match.  It's easy to setup and use.  This is my 2nd one, and the first one I got. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ This product is a great product! It is very durable and has worked flawlessly since my first purchase! I love it.  Have you purchased any of these products?  Was this review helpful to you?  in your opinion, how does the PDP-11 stack up against a digital piano and what advantages do you think it has over these other electronic musical instruments?  the only thing i dont like about this is the fact that it doesnt have a reverb option but it still is a very good product  by JEANNE :   the PDP 11 is a GREAT piano for those that have a lot of money and a good computer. I think it's a lot better than the piano the other companies are offering at this price point. I like the fact you can connect it to your mp3 player and you can play any type of music. I've been using it for several years now and it still looks brand new. I also like that you can use it as a drum set for kids. I can't wait to get a new one in the future. , by JEANNIE :  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* ********** This is a great unit for a beginner. It works great with my iPhone. The interface is simple and intuitive. The batteries last longer than the advertised time, and I have a couple that I use for about 6 months before I need to replace them. It's also easy to charge via USB and I am glad I bought this product. I also like the fact that there is no way to mess with the phone's settings or make the unit stop listening. Great product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The sound quality is really good, and it is nice to have a separate headphone output, which is nice in the car or when you have to do a long drive.    The remote is really great, and the microphone is a must. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great little device for the price. I used it to record my video of my daughter's 2nd birthday party (my first ever). It's very well made, and the screen is bright enough to view a video on. I also love that the device is not waterproof. You can also use it as a digital timer. I like the little digital clock that you can add to the top.   The only thing I don't like is that the screen comes off to change the battery. I'd like it to be easier to use when the screen isn't on.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a year and its a great product. its so much cheaper than my old ipod and i dont have to buy batteries for it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great service, great product!  My only complaint is that I had to pay to be included in the mailing list.  I have not used the device, but this will be a great tool to have in my toolbox, if I ever need it!  Posted by K. D. Dickson at 7:45 AM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have been looking for a good Bluetooth speaker for a long time now and this one is perfect for me. The sound quality is amazing. It has a very smooth bass, very clear vocals, and it has a great range. The speakers are also very light and easy to carry. I'm going to get a couple more for my wife's new car. Thank you for making this device. I've had the X5 and X10 but this is by far the best one out there. I highly recommend this product to any audio enthusiast.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 05, 2014  Nice sound and a good size  by Brian from San Diego CA USA  Review: I've been looking around for a Bluetooth speaker with a decent sound, that doesn't have a huge profile on the top of the head or in the pocket. I like the X9's bass and sound and the large size makes it easy to use in the car. My only complaint is that it has no USB port.  that is a problem for me since I use my Bluetooth speakers with my iPod. I bought the X2 because it came with a USB port, but this X9 doesn't. 's a very good product, I am very happy with it. The bass is good and the sound is clear. The only thing is that I have a cheapo car stereo which is about $20 but it's not a very big one. So, for $10 I have good quality Bluetooth speakers and a nice size for car use.  I also bought a bluetooth speaker for my iPad but the X8 is just as good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Mophie Juice Pack works like a charm.  I got the black and red version with a magnetic clip.  I used it to store my charging cables and headphones.   It is a lot more convenient than carrying a bunch of batteries around. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my eee-pad since the very first release and ive been using it since then. The most noticeable feature is the battery life. I can keep playing games for a long time before I even think about the battery dying. The battery is replaceable and the sound is quite good as well. ive bought two of these for friends who use them a lot, both have been used a lot. ives bought another two of the black ones and will be getting more. ived bought one for myself as well and i like it too.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is a great little tablet, especially for the price.  There is only one negative to be found about this tablet: the camera on the front is just OK.    If you're looking for a great small tablet, look no further! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for about a month now. i really like the fact that its wireless. ive only used it in the living room.  i'm pretty much always connected to my pc.  the only thing i don't like about this is that you have to pay to renew the service, i have to use it for 6 months, i was hoping it would only be for one.  also, it would be nice if i could control my lights from my phone.  overall, i am happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used a ps3 a couple of times and loved it the best one of those that i can have on my tv and laptop. i wish the ps4 was like that.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my third Samsung  phone (the first being a S III) and this is the best. The screen is nice and bright. The camera is very nice for a cheap phone. The battery lasts a long time. The only problem is that the buttons are so tiny, it's hard to press them. Other than that, I'd buy this phone again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Xoom is an excellent device and the price is perfect. I use it with the Xoom tablet, but it works with any tablet with a usb port. The video quality is excellent and you get a ton of features for the money. I would highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device works well for the price.  I am a student, so the price is a little high.   It does not have a mic, but if you are a DJ, the DJ app is a very handy feature. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Very pleased with the performance and design of this device. It's very well made. The battery is great, and has a good capacity. The display is very nice, and very bright. The microphone works well, and is a nice size. The volume and control is easy to use. The design is very good. The screen is a little hard to see at first, but you get used to it after a few times. It was very easy to put together, and took a few minutes to get the cable in place. The buttons on the side are nice and easy to access. The only issue I have is with the fact that there are two batteries included with this device, but one of them is not used up yet. The other one is a great deal cheaper, and I would not hesitate to buy it again. The price is also very good, and the shipping was also quick.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, January 11, 2016  A Great Portable Phone - Nicely Built  by Anonymous Coworker from New York NY USA  Pros: Light weight, small, well built  Cons: Price tag  Review: Great phone for the price. The front facing camera is very impressive, but the front facing speaker is the weakest part of this phone. The sound is very tinny. If you are looking for a good phone for less than $100, this is it.  the only thing that I have not found on this phone is a camera button, but if I could change one thing about this phone I would change it. I would like to see a more spacious back camera for the front camera.  in conclusion, I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone for a great price.  "I love it!"  Did you find this review helpful? YesNo  See all 5 Customer Reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is my second electronic device from Pono (The first one is a $600 sound card for my iPod), and I've had great results so far. I've been using this for about 6 months now, and I'm very happy with it. It has everything I could want in a portable solution - I don't have to carry a bunch of cables, it's easy to use, and it's cheap. I just wish the price were a bit lower - it's a good value for the money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great portable player! Great device, just as advertised. It's very portable and very portable. I like it a lot.  the only reason i gave 4 stars is because the case is really cheap. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.........................................................This is a great piece of gear. I've used it for a few years and it's just a great device. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to take their music to the next level.  Great for the price and good quality:.............................I bought this for my wife and I needed to have something that she could use to listen to music when she was working late. We have the ipod shuffle and it would be a lot to carry around. This is perfect. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is no auto lock. I could turn it on and then it would lock and I would have to hit the play button every time. It's a very small issue and doesn't detract from the quality of the product.  and the best part is that you don't even have to put it in the charging case to use it!  Worth the money!:..................................I am a big fan of ipods and this one fits the bill. It has a great quality sound. I have not had any issues with it yet and it comes with an excellent charging cord. The sound quality is great. The battery lasts a long time, even when playing music. The music is great and I think this is one of the best products I have purchased from Music Direct. . , I have the mini and this thing is great!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this item on multiple occasions for gaming on my xbox. It works as a usb hub, and has the ability to connect to several devices such as the ps3 or ps4. I use it to connect my ps3 controller to the xbox, and to use the xboxtro usb dongle for my ps4 controllers. I love this item, its extremely sturdy and well made, and it's very easy to setup. It's nice to see some of the best electronics on the market in a small package.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This thing works very well. I was going to buy another one and use it as a digital camera but was told that the battery is too weak. I have a Sony DSC-RX100 and this is so much more powerful. If you want to take a good photo this is a great device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 28, 2009  by Mike from Houston TX  Review: Good camera, good battery life, not a great image. .  "Was this review helpful to you?"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- It's my first real electronic device and I'm very impressed. The batteries are very good and the quality is top notch. I also have the 3D printer which I bought with the same device and it works perfectly. If you're looking for a good first purchase this is it! I hope they keep making these and other products like this.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this product a couple of weeks ago. It is a very good product for the price and I am very happy with the purchase. The buttons work fine, the cable is easy to use, and the software is great. This will definitely be my go to.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this computer. It works very well and the quality of the screen is fantastic. I was concerned about how well it would work for gaming and video, but it's more than adequate. I just purchased a second one so I can play Diablo III and it's just as good as the first one. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using this unit for a month now and I'm very happy with it.  It's a bit on the bulky side but it does the job.  I've also purchased the same device and it's the exact same.    I use my car's Bluetooth and it always fails.  I've had to buy a new one, but this unit is so much cheaper than the car unit. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is nice and loud, so it can be used to play music.  I have had the previous version of this and like the improvements.    It is easy to assemble and adjust the volume of the speakers.  The cable is long enough that I do not have to take my hair out every time I plug it in.  I also have an iBasso 3.0 and love the way it looks.  This is my second electronic device and I would like to try the new one as well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought 2 of these. 1 is an excellent device that I use for both home and office use. The other one is for my daughter who is autistic and she has not been able to figure out how to turn it on. The software is really simple to use but the buttons on the device are not intuitive. The device works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased the moto 360 about 2 years ago. I use it to record videos for my family and friends. I have a good HD camera, but it is not as fast as a phone. So, this watch is a big improvement. I am not sure what it's made out of, but this thing is solid and I would not be surprised if it lasts a long time.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is excellent, the screen is bright and crisp, the device is compact, lightweight and looks great.  It's well constructed, I really like the included cordless adapter, the battery life is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Love my new laptop! It is extremely powerful and fast. I'm so happy I bought it! I can use it on the computer, tablet, and smartphone. I recommend it to everyone!  I am very satisfied with my purchase and am very happy with my laptop. The laptop is well built, works well, and has very good specs. The only problem I have with the laptop is that the battery life is extremely poor. I am hoping the battery gets better with time and using the laptop more.  Works Great  Great laptop for the money. Love the screen, fast processor, etc. I have a Toshiba and this is the same model for half the price. Love it! ,  This laptop is great for what it is and I really love it. The battery life isn't great but the computer is very powerful. The keyboard is very comfortable to use and the touchpad is good. The hard drive on this laptop is awesome. I've only had it for a week and I've already used all of my applications on it. I can't wait to use it all over again. I would recommend this laptop for everyone.  to everyone who has ever been in a bind or has ever wanted a computer but has been told it's too expensive or doesn't work well or that they just don't want one.  and I mean everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This little amp is a joy to listen to. It has a wide range of tones, and a nice low-end. I have a Yamaha CD-500 and a Yamaha RX-1 and this is a very nice replacement. I'm considering buying another as a spare. ********  What do you think? Please add your review.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I'm an electronic engineer by trade and I'm very pleased with my EH-818. I have it with a high quality 8 channel mixer, but the software does not seem to work with it, it only has one of the two inputs, and it has a lot of options, including two programmable buttons and an auto looping feature. The sound quality is top notch for an electronic. I bought this unit because I wanted a little more than what I had with my Yamaha, but I'm happy with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have been using this device for about two years now and have never had a problem with it. The price is great, the features are excellent, and it is reliable. I have used it in many applications. This is my favorite electronic device and I have no regrets with my purchase. I would recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought this one a couple of weeks ago and it's a great little device. i have it with a bluetooth speaker that has a built in mic. it's so simple and convenient. ive found my way around all of the different programs i'm using. i'm looking forward to my next one. __________________  Bought it for my wife, she loves it. I'm in my 2nd one now.   Wife: "I wish I had one of those."  Laptop: "Yeah, I'm getting one of these." Last edited by kyber; 07-15-2014 at 07:06 AM.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My TOSLINK cable worked perfectly on my new LG V20. The connection was tight and easy to use. I was able to stream music and watch Netflix on my LG V10 without any issues.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent tool for students with dyslexia, because it is an alphabetical system. It has many symbols that are easy to learn, but the "sound" of the letter is what makes the difference. If you can get a good teacher to use this alphabet, you can learn it faster and more accurately than the printed alphabet. The only drawback is that this only has a single symbol for each letter (and it has an extra one to add). If I had to use an all-in-one tool for dyslexic students, this is what I would use. I do not think there is a better system for dyslectic students than this one. I would not suggest this to a dyslexics if they have difficulty learning English. The spelling is a little off, but it does not have to be the key to learning.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************************  This is the first thing I've bought from the EZ.NET site. It is very easy to use and the software is good for all your needs.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My SONY TV had been broken for over 2 years. I bought this to replace it. I like the fact that it is a smaller size. I would buy this product again. Posted by John at 5:58 PM
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I am extremely happy with my new Violectric, I am a huge fan of this brand and I am really pleased with the sound of this. I have tried many other high quality amplifiers and none are as good as this one, even the expensive ones. I can't find a fault in it. The only thing I wish it had was a better design on the knobs and volume pot, it doesn't have a lot of room to be able to be rotated. The volume knob has to be placed far away from the power switch. I also have to say that this model is really good at reproducing music, I've listened to all kinds of music and I have to tell you that I'm really impressed by this model. It's a bit loud for my taste but it's a really good amp and if you are a basshead you will be satisfied with it. I highly recommend it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've been using this for about two weeks now. The best thing about this is the volume control is very easy to use. It's also a lot of fun to listen to. It really gets the blood flowing. I also like the fact that there is an equalizer built in.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been a loyal user of my Logitech G500 for many years now, and I have yet to see anything better in terms of quality and features. It is the one piece of equipment I always take with me when I travel.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased a  Hasslamp and I can't believe how light and small the unit is.  It is a good size and light weight so it can be carried anywhere.    This is the first time I've purchased an electronic device, but I'm very happy with the purchase and will definitely buy again. This is the best  lightweight  battery pack  on the market.  My   This   Is the perfect   for   The price     is   low  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm really happy with this. I have a Macbook Pro that was failing, but I'm glad I found this. It is a great way to control your computer from a device. It does work, but not as well as the Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I purchased the new Sony VTC-100 and I am happy to say it works like a charm. This device is easy to use and has great features such as auto brightness and volume. I have an older VTC100 and the new one is much easier to use. I would buy this product again. ***********  Good quality: ******************** This is a very good device. The build quality is very good and the buttons are well placed. I like that the power button is on the side instead of at the top. It is a bit small, but I'm fine with that. It doesn't have the loudness of the Sony VXA100 but it still sounds good. *********************  Awesome! : ********* I purchased this unit about a month ago and have to say its amazing. I can't wait to put it to good use. It comes with a very nice battery and the remote is very nice to have. Overall great purchase! *************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------I have had the same Samsung e-reader since May 2008. This is my first electronic device (e-book reader) and I am quite impressed with it. The screen is very good, I like the contrast between the white and the black. I love the way the book is laid out, it has many options for different reading experiences. The pages flip over nicely and there is very little friction. The back light is great, it is bright, but not too bright (not that bright) and it does not glare. The only thing I would like to see is more page turning options, the only way to turn the pages in my opinion is to turn your head to turn. Overall, I love this device, very happy with my purchase and I have a feeling that I will be getting a couple more for my friends and family.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** A good set of controls. The software is simple and works very well. It is an excellent choice for someone just getting into audio and/or digital recording. ********** Good, compact, portable recorder. It works great as a backup to my laptop or other audio devices, and also as a nice stand-alone unit. ******************** Good-sounding and easy to use recorder. The sound quality is better than the last model. It has a small footprint and a built-in rechargeable battery. It's a good all-around recorder.     Rated 5 out of 5 by Bobo from Nice portable recorder Very well built unit with nice features. Nice quality. I was surprised at how little I have to put in my pocket compared to the bigger rigs. Good for recording interviews, or when you just want to do it on the fly. I would suggest getting the mic adapter to plug in your computer audio interface.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this item a few days ago. It's perfect for my home. It does what I need it to do and has great sound quality. I have a high end stereo system that is only used in the evening, so this is perfect.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought these and they are great, just wish they came with a usb connector so i can use them as wireless keyboards! Pros: Easy to install Easy to use Good quality Cons: the key cap doesn't stay in place when you are typing so you need to use a screw driver to fix it  Rated 5 out of 5 by JWL from great keyboard great keyboard  from one of my friends to another I bought this keyboard and have used it to play a few games. Its a little loud and noisy, but you get used to it. It feels nice, and the keyboard is nice and sturdy. The key caps are a little tiny but I can live with that. The keyboard does feel cheap, but I don't expect quality.  Good product and service. Fast delivery.  (Rated 5 stars)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm so happy that I got my first 3D printer, I ordered mine about 3 months ago, but I just got mine this week, and I'm really excited about the new printer. I ordered a printer because I wanted to try 3D printing out some things for my family, and my printer arrived in good time, I even got the new nozzle that came with the printer, and it's awesome.  If you have a 3D Printer and want to get one, it's worth it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit I bought is very good. Very good for its price and is very quiet. The power supply is a little weak and will not last forever but it is still good for now. The unit comes with a nice case and a nice keyboard. If I have to complain about anything it is the fact that the keyboard doesn't have a full size number pad. I would have preferred a larger pad, but for a price tag that is still reasonable, it's a good purchase. The software is very nice. I've never been a big fan of Windows and the software is good, but it has a lot of functions that I don't really use so I won't use them much. Overall I'm happy with the purchase, and will probably purchase this product in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was very skeptical about getting this set of 4 as they are very expensive. I wanted a little extra power to keep a portable stereo player and a portable CD player going, but not for long periods. This is the perfect power for that and is much better than my previous two sets. It's a little bulky and heavy, but for the price it's hard to beat.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony SmartWatch 2 is a good product and I'm very happy with it. It's waterproof, waterproof, and waterproof. It doesn't get hot or sweaty in the summer and doesn't take a lot of abuse. I haven't found anything that doesn't work perfectly well, and it can sync up to my cell phone as well as the watch itself. If I'm ever bored, I can just get my watch to show me the time, or I can use it to make phone calls or even play music from my phone. The smartwatch is also fairly accurate, and when I say accurately I mean it can keep up with my pace. I was a little worried about how much battery life the watch would have but it lasted me about 5 days and it still has about 4 days left. So if you need a smartwatch for a while you'll probably get some use out of it. I also like that it's wireless and that the watch has a microphone which is nice when you're talking to someone. I only have one small complaint about the watch and that is that the button on the back of the watch is really small. I'd rather have the buttons on the sides of the wrist, which means I'd have to get a new watch. If you have a Sony Smartwatch you should really check it out.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I have to say that I am extremely satisfied with the iVue. I am a video and sound editor/producer. I have had other devices over the years, but I have always been on the lookout for a good one. My main complaint is the lack of a separate input for the sound. I'm not a fan of the "auto-mute" function and would like to have the ability to turn that off if I want to listen to the audio at my own discretion. Other than that, I really like this device and the interface is very simple. It is well designed and easy to use. I highly recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     I have had this unit for about a week now and I'm so impressed with the quality of the device. I'm very happy with the build quality, the speed of the audio output and the audio quality. I like that the unit has a power switch and a micro USB port on the back of it. It has a good range of audio options and I like the way that I can use the built in speakers and headphones to listen to music or talk to my wife on the phone. I am happy to have found this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by TK from Great sound with no complaints I bought this as a companion to my Sonos system, and as a replacement to my old one that died. I had the first Sonos and was looking for a new one when I heard about the Echo Dot, so I bought one. This is exactly what I wanted, and I've only had it a week. So far, so good. I love the music and can control it with my voice, and it works great with Sonos. My Sonos is a little more noisy and a bit more complicated than the Echo, but so far it's doing fine. I also use it for phone calls, which is awesome. If you don't mind a little extra work to get this setup just right, the Echo works great, but the Echo is also expensive, and you can't use the phone in it. I was happy with both of these options, and am excited to see what other music-listening devices they make!  Overall:  If you are looking for something to listen and control music using your voice, then this is a great option for you. This unit has excellent sound quality, and the ability to play music from the internet. I have only had the unit for a couple of days but it seems to be performing very well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this to replace my old Apple 1st gen computer and it does the job just as well as the Apple 2nd gen computer I had. The only issue is that I got an Apple 2.0 hard drive and an Apple CD and it is hard to access the CD drive. This computer is also not as fast as the original 1st generation iMac. The Apple 1.1 iMac is still my choice. I have it plugged into a Mac Pro but that's about it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ____________ The best device I have ever owned. I have owned several high end computers over the years and the LG HX700 is by far the best, most versatile, and easy to use computer I have used. This is my second LG computer (first was the Optimus 7000). I own a Toshiba Satellite C21-A and the HX is by a long shot better than both. The only down side I have is that I don't have any external hard drives or external floppy drives. However, I have several of my own.  Noise is not a problem. , September 18, 2004,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ This product is exactly as advertised. I am a musician and have had my fair share of equipment failures over the years. This is the only product that has not failed on me yet. It's also very easy to use and has been very easy on the pocketbook for my growing family. Thanks!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is a very nice, inexpensive, compact, and quiet speaker. The sound is clear and is very bass-heavy, which is what I want in my speakers. My only complaint is that the remote is a little awkward to use. However, I did find a better remote with the same specifications for $20 more.  Style of Music: ------------- I've been looking for a decent, bass-centric set of speakers for my home theater. This one does exactly that! Bass is well-rounded, and the mid/high range is just right. I had some other speakers in my system that were bass-biased, but this speaker does an excellent job of filling the room with well-balanced sound. The bass is smooth, without being boomy, and it sounds very natural. The mid/top end is also well-done. I'm a big fan of the quality of these speakers. They are a great value and are a big improvement over the stock speakers I have in my HT. If you are looking for something in the $30-$40 price range that will work well in your HT, look no further.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   If you have an iPhone 6, 6s or 7, you should get this. It's a great device. It is the best thing you can get from Apple, in my opinion. I do not like the metal and rubber case, and I think it would look better in the leather case that I have, but that is the price you pay for Apple. This is one of the best pieces of hardware I have owned in my life. I love the iPhone and have had one for a few years now, but I was really looking for a better camera and this is it. The screen is great, and the battery life is fantastic. It has a better screen than the 7 Plus. I use this for all my photos and videos, and for the price, I do NOT think you can do better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The screen has a nice quality to it, and it's super easy to read. The keyboard is very nice, and the keyboard itself is very responsive. This is a really good product for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best electronic device I have ever owned. It is so simple to use and the software is easy to use. The only thing I have to say is that the screen is not as bright as other LCD screens. It has to be bright enough to read the LCD. The software has great features. I just wish that the batteries lasted longer. It would be a 5 star if the batteries were longer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my office at home.  It works as advertised and doesn't require me to have an expensive desktop computer.    This was a great investment!   This review is for the USB adapter:   The adapter was a little overpriced but the quality is good.  It's very light and feels good in the hand.  This will be a staple in my office.  The other items were great and the adapter was well worth the price.  I would highly recommend this product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this about 2 months ago and so far so good. The only issue is that it doesn't have a power button, which is a real bummer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The first time I played this thing I loved it. I thought it was really cool, and really fun to play. I also love the fact that it doesn't have any sound, and it can be played in your head and you have no idea what is going on. I have also been able to connect with other people who have similar devices and it makes a great party game. I wish the battery lasted more than two hours, but for the price I think you can't really go wrong with this. I am sure it will be a great addition to any game group.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little nervous about getting my first portable battery-powered device but I am so happy I did. I was a very disappointed in the first one but not so much in the second one. The battery life is fantastic and I have to say that I'm very happy with the performance. I think it is much better than the previous models, which were more battery draining and not as reliable as I expected. I also bought a couple of the 2 packs of the USB chargers because the ones I had didn't charge at all.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- My first electronic device was an Apple IIe and I remember the feeling of the original Apple II with the Apple floppy drive. The Apple II was small but fast and you could have the screen on and just the sound on and not need to plug in to a computer to play games. It was great. Well, this little unit is great! It is tiny and has the same interface as the Apple II. It has an integrated keyboard and mouse. I am a graphic designer and I use my laptop a lot. I have a laptop that can handle everything and this one is just as good. The only downside is that you can't plug it into your computer but I think you can fix that with a small adapter. I'm so happy I bought this one. It is so small and portable. It works as advertised and the sound is just the right amount. The computer can't handle everything though, so you have to use your computer. It's a great little device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great portable MP3 player. The build quality is great, the sound is great. I have the 32 GB model, and have been very happy with it. I am using the portable for work and home, and love the ease of use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!  I purchased a "Hobby" E5-2600. This is a great unit, I bought it because of the high quality of the electronic parts and the good price. I have used the unit several times, but I just bought a "Lite" version (with the same number of pins) to try out. I am glad I did, as the "Litepin" version works great. The LCD is easy to read and is very clear. The power supply is very good, and has enough power for the machine, plus it can be charged through the micro USB port. The buttons on the top are easy to use, but there is no LCD light, just a tiny red dot to indicate the button is on. The computer has an SD card slot (which the original version does not have) which works fine. The only thing I dislike is that the keyboard is quite small, so I use a regular sized mouse. This would be a 5 star for me, if the keyboard had a larger size. Overall, I am very happy with this unit.  Did you find this helpful? 5 of 6 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Rick H. , 5
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------This is my first time trying a gpu and I am very impressed with it. It is very fast and stable. The gpu is small and quiet and the quality is amazing.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this product because my previous one was destroyed by a drop and I was looking for a replacement for a budget-friendly system. I bought it to replace a cheap unit that I had purchased from a local store. This unit is a big improvement over the previous one. I have only had it for about a month but I can already tell that this is a better unit. I had problems with the unit's wireless and the remote, but after a few months of use, I have no problems with these. It does have a few design flaws but they are minor. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase. ---------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought the 3.5 inch one because I wanted a small one for my kids. I use it for all of my video game needs. It does exactly what I need. It has a very nice sound system, and the size is perfect for any size room. I have used it for over a year, and have yet to have to use it to the point of wanting to replace it. If your a gamer you must get one. If you are just getting into it, you might as well wait for one with a sound system. I am sure there will be a lot of complaints about the size of the unit, but I think its a good size. I do have to say that the buttons are small, but not difficult to use. I would highly recommend this unit to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent computer for the money. I like the fact that it's wireless. I use a Macbook Air and I am always happy to get a connection. I was also pleased with the fact it has a keyboard and trackpad, but I don't really need that. This is a great computer and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a cheap computer for school and the internet.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Dell Studio XPS 13. The XPS is a fantastic machine. It has everything a user could want: a good keyboard, a decent trackpad, great battery life, and a very good screen. I have used this computer for work and personal use.  However, I purchased the Dell XPS because it came with an extra DVD drive.   My Dell Xps 13. This is the same model as the XPS 9560 I had before.  The Xps is a great machine, but it can only handle so many DVDs.  I have several CDs and DVDs that I have to keep organized.  If I were to get the new Xps, I would buy the additional DVD drive, which would make the Xps more than a computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: _________ This product is perfect for those that are looking for a good device that has a little bit of a performance edge over the competition. The build quality is fantastic. The device is sturdy and well built, it has a good weight to it and feels great in the hand. The speakers are nice and crisp, the volume is pretty good, the camera is decent and the display is a little better than what I've seen on the rest of the devices out there. If you are looking to upgrade from your phone or tablet to a device that is slightly more portable and a little more advanced in terms of display, then this is the one to get.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:........................................... This is the first digital clock I've owned. I have always liked analog clocks, and this one is just as good. It has the same features as my old digital watch, and the watch has lasted many years. I just wish it had a stop watch. Overall, a good digital clock for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  The VCR is a great device. It's easy to use, has a good picture quality, and has a built in clock for your daily routine. The VCR can hold up to 16 hours of recorded video.  I have purchased this item in the past and have had good experiences. I've also purchased the remote and it is very useful. The remote controls the VCR as well as other TV's, DVD's and other devices that you can use to play back the recorded TV shows. The product is sturdy and it's easy and fun to use.  I would recommend this product to anyone!  It's a little bulky but works great  Very good product. I have a couple of these units that I have gotten rid of because the unit was taking up space. I still use it, and will probably purchase a few more.  to play my older VCR tapes I have to go through a complicated process of installing a TV tuner and a DVD/CD player. You have to figure out which one you need and then find out how much the tuner costs. This unit is a perfect solution for the task!  is great to use as a DVD player, it has the most capacity I have ever seen in any type of player, and it has an automatic timer which is nice if you need to put in a time limit. It does have a few problems however. It has a remote but the remote doesn't seem to be of the highest quality. You might have to get an extension cord for it to work as the one I got didn't work with a standard plug. The unit is also a little heavy and if you are not careful the power switch might not turn on if you pull it away from the unit. Also the power button on the front of the unit does not seem to do the job as the remote does. The power button turns on the unit but turns off the receiver. It seems that the power toggle switch on the back of the remote needs to be re-positioned so that it will only power the receiver when you hold it in the up position. The receiver is also very small, but that makes up for it since you can plug it into the unit and it won't get in the way when you plug it in to a standard TV/DVD/VCR. It also has a power switch that you have to hold down to turn it on, but it does work with an extension cable and
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is my first device that I purchased from a company that had good customer service. The item arrived within a few days, and it works as described. It was very easy to install, but a little tricky to remove the top cover for charging. Also, there is not a very clear indication that the USB is a USB type C connector. Overall a good device.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good value but needs a power adapter Good unit. A little on the bulky side but is very solid. I was a little worried when I saw the lack of power cable but it works just fine.  is a nice little device. The battery is about 3-4 days with good usage and charging. The charger is very good but it needs a USB 2.0 adapter or USB 3.0 cable.  the only bad thing is the USB cord is way too long  Very good device!  I have this device and it does exactly what I need it to do, the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is the usb cord is longer than most. It's fine but just wish it was shorter. The device works great and I really love it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It is a great product for a great price.   I can't say enough good things about it!   The buttons and dials work well and are easy to use.  The battery lasts for weeks on a charge. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only electronic device I use that is actually usable. It is easy to use, works well, and is easy on the eyes. I recommend this product to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I just received my new laptop today, and I'm blown away! It's just so much faster than my old one (which has been broken for a few years) and it looks better as well. And, the sound quality is fantastic! So, I can say that I have been very satisfied with my purchase. It's not quite the best laptop, but it's close. Thanks for a great product!  Good product, but a bit too big: I got the 17.3 inch laptop in a black color and was so excited to use it! I was a little worried about the size because of the size difference with my old laptop, which was 17.5 inches and the 17 inch laptop. However, it fit my needs perfectly. I had to buy a new mouse as the one that came with the laptop didn't work well with the size of the laptop. I used a Logitech MX518 mouse which has a very comfortable feel, but the height is a bit more than I would have liked. Overall, it's a great machine, but I wish the screen was slightly larger so that I could see the keyboard when I am typing. The speakers are good, and the laptop is quite light, but overall it's too big to comfortably hold. I was planning to upgrade to a 17 inch and buy a mouse/keyboard combo, but then I saw that Lenovo offers a 13 inch with a built in touch screen and I am so tempted to get that. However I can't afford the 17, and if I buy the 13 inch, I will be stuck with the weight. I would definitely recommend this product if you need a good laptop, it has all the features that I would need.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my fiance to use for his iphone. He has been using the iphones for about 4 years and I have been using iphons for the last 10.  The iphono is very good quality.   It plays all of the songs I bought for him to listen to on his ipod.  I had never heard of this before and thought it would be great.  It's a great size and fits in his backpack. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this device for my wife as a replacement for her old cell phone which I gave to her a few years ago and she's been using it ever since.   This is a good sounding and looking cell phone and it's easy to use. It's only downfall is that it doesn't come with a battery charger.   and it doesn´t come with any phone accessories but if you have any spare ones then that´s all you need.  .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------I have had this for a little over a year and its still going strong. The battery is great and it gets me through the workday. I also have the pro and the pro i7, and I like the pro a little better. It has a better speaker, better image quality and the price is a little lower. But the pro has the more memory and the option to add more. The only con is it takes a while to recharge. But if you're used to the pro, you'll be back to it.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent and well designed, I can't wait to use it, and I hope to see more accessories for it in the future.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works! It was a great experience using the unit for the first time. It took some time to get the hang of it but once I did I was able to control all the functions easily and it does not drain the battery very quickly. The unit was very easy to set up and has been very reliable. It would be nice to be able to set the temperature of the unit as I live in a very cold climate and have had a hard time getting my temperature set with any temperature controllers. The unit has been a great addition to my outdoor cooking setup. I am pleased with the quality of the product and the great customer service I received from the company. My first experience with this unit was in March, 2011, and I bought the $59.99 version. The last two times I have bought a Weber Smokey Mountain cooker it has been the same. The top handle on the top of the cooker gets hot, and the unit starts to smoke. I have tried a few things to fix the problem and have been unsuccessful. I'm considering getting the $149.95 version, but I would not pay the extra money for that. I've had the same issues with this stove top unit. Rated 4 out of 5 by JW from good unit and nice to have an all-in-one model to use with your gas stove and hot plate I bought this as a single-burner version to be used with my gas range and my hot plate. I love the versatility of the all-fire setup. So far I am really pleased with it. It has worked really well and I love having it all in one unit. I'm not sure if I'd buy another one for sure. I'd like to see it be more durable. There are some issues with the unit. First off the lid is not made of aluminum, it's made of plastic. It also takes some effort to get it off if you drop it or otherwise move it. Also it doesn't come with a cover for the water reservoir, but it does come with the accessories. The instructions were not clear on the instructions on how to use the accessories with this model. Overall this is a great stove top and is well worth the money. It is nice to not have to have two different models to control the stove, I have to use my gas stove now but I still love the Weber product line and this is definitely a great product. This unit
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my iphone 6 plus  !  The screen is excellent and very easy to read at any angle.  There are no major drawbacks.  Great for kids:    The iphones 6 plus can be used by kids for a long time without the need to charge them.   There are several applications   in which this iphONE  is really useful:  1.  To make fun   games (for kids)   with the iphOne app. 2.    To use it as a   mobile   phone   (in case you don't have a iphTouch)  3.  As a  iPhone   backup   to   an   iPod   and   USB   drives   4.  With the   micro SD   card   which   comes   for   a  low   price,   you   can   get   lots   of   music   files   5.  You can also use   it   as   portable   computer    (for example in a  laptop)  6.  The battery is also very long lasting  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's so quiet!  I was worried about the noise coming from a noisy, loud computer (it is, after all, the sound of the computer!).  The noise reduction is quite remarkable and even in the presence of background noise (I was playing a song on my MP3 player at the time), I had to put my headphones on to hear the sound.  For my purposes, that's a big plus.   Great product!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this to use in my classroom, and I love it! I've been using the software for a while, but now the real benefit comes in. This is the first computer I've owned that is so user-friendly. There is no need to constantly look at the screen for something. It is so easy to navigate and I have a lot of my own programs on it. The computer is a little noisy in the background but it doesn't matter, since I'm a musician and the sound is very nice. I also love the built-in microphone for voice communication. I love the color of the screen and the way the program shows you the colors of the sound waves. I'm very happy with this purchase.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 25, 2008  good but could be better  by A Customer from New York, NY  Review: This is a good little electronic. It works perfectly in my home. I did have a few problems with it. I put it in my closet and the keyboard took a few days to work. The screen is nice but it is a lot brighter than my old computer. I have to have my windows on it for it to work properly. And I have my programs in a folder. The sound of the speakers is a bit low, but it gets the job done.  The only thing is that the touch screen is very sensitive and it is difficult to type on. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only thing I have found to do a satisfactory job. It is easy to use and I like that I can connect my own wires to it, so it's not a wall wart. It's also very good quality. I think the price is very good and I do not think that I would have been able to find a better quality product for this price.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very good value Bought this for a gift for a student in my lab and he is very happy. The build quality is great, the price was good and the quality is very high. I would recommend this for anyone who needs a good digital timer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!! Great device for the price. The sound is great. This is the best little amp for the money. I like the fact that it's compact and has a small power supply. The only con I can think of is the fact the the power supply is a little small. The power supply on my other device is big. The volume control is also a little hard to set. I can't remember the last time I set my volume on an amp and it turned out to be off. I'll buy another one of these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a good product, but for the money it is a little pricey. This is my first set of earphones and I am very pleased. It sounds really good. I am also pleased that I was able to use the cable that came with it. If I had known that it would be a bit too big, I would have had it smaller. The sound is clear, not harsh or sibilant. It's a nice balance. The only issue I had was that the sound was very clear when it should be a little softer. That's not to say the sound is bad. I can listen to this sound great in the car. I will be buying more earphones from this company.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product. I had been searching for a portable mp3 player for a while now and finally got this one and it works really well. The only thing I wish the player had was a little more storage but I don't mind having a few more songs. I do wish that they had a more durable player because my older one (which is not as durable as the new one) has been falling apart after about a year and a half of use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I was looking for a good USB keyboard that is easy to use, and does not require a lot of memory. This one does all of those things very well. The key travel is very nice and the keys are not too mushy. The only negative I have about the keyboard is that the cable that comes with it is a little too short to be comfortable to type on. I recommend using a longer one. The USB connector is a very nice touch as well. I've bought this item twice now and I'm extremely pleased with the overall product and service. I'm using this on a Dell Latitude 6430 laptop with a 10 inch screen. I can't say enough good things about this product, it's perfect for what I want. I love the look of the keyboard and the overall build quality of this keyboard. I've had it a little over a week and it's been working flawlessly. This is a great product for the price. The quality is top notch and it comes with a very good cable. The design of the keys is great, I like the layout as well, but I wish there was a second function key. This would be a nice extra. Overall I'd definitely recommend this keyboard and would recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive entry-level keyboard. As a newbie to mechanical keyboards I was so surprised at the quality of the product. I was pleasantly surprised to see a key travel of 2.5mm. The overall build of the board was great, the cable was a nice touch, and the USB connection worked perfectly. I will be purchasing more of these as they become available. Great product, very nice key travel. Great price! This keyboard is very good for its price, its made well and the usb cable is a good quality one. I bought this keyboard as a replacement for my old keyboard and its very good. The keys are very nice as well and this is one of the best mechanical keyboards i've bought so far. The shipping was also very fast. great keyboard! I have to say I am very pleased with this keyboard! I have the normal black and white and love it! The keys feel smooth and the keyboard has a great feel to it. I do have one small complaint though... The plastic keycaps have been scratched a little bit but I still really like them.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a very good product that has a wide range of uses. I've been using my Sony Playstation 3 for about a year now, and I love it. The sound quality is excellent, and it is very convenient to use. It has all the features you need, including the ability to play any video format on the television.  My only complaint is that the volume controls are a little difficult to get to with one hand.  "A little small but not bad."  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my huji for almost 2 years now. ive put about 3-4 thousand miles on it over that time. its pretty rugged and its been pretty durable. i put mine in the trunk of my car for long rides on the highway and it never broke down.    the only thing i dont like about it is the small screen on the top.  you cant really see the icons very well unless you have the brightness to max out.  the big screen is much more useful.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* I got my first computer in 1987, and had been an avid gamer since then. I started with the Atari 2600 and the Apple II, but was put off by the sound and slow speed. I tried the Apple III but that was a pain in the neck. Then I bought an IBM PC and discovered the Apple Macintosh. It is still my favorite computer. The best part about the Apple is that it is very easy to use and easy to upgrade. It can also connect to my home cable modem and use that to send/receive files to and from my PC. It also has a built in sound chip so that I can play back sounds through my PC speakers. The Apple II was just a little too heavy for me, but the Apple's portability was great. This is a must have for any computer user. I would recommend this product to anyone.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I got this item on the recommendation of a friend as an inexpensive replacement for a cheap old cell phone. The product is easy to use, it is compact, it works fine. The battery is good and the device is small enough that I can put it in my pocket. I highly recommend this product for anyone who needs a small, portable, battery-powered cell phone replacement.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this on all my laptops. I bought this for my desktop for work and it works great. I don't have to buy a ton of accessories or cables. I have an iMac so I don 't have a lot of accessories but the included cables are very good. I'm glad that I bought it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was in the middle of a hard disk crash and I didn't want to pay a company to restore my data. I looked on Google and found this, and it worked perfectly. Thanks! Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really love my iMac Pro, the speed and quality of it's performance is awesome, it's easy to set up and manage. I have never had a problem with it and I use it for 3D modeling and video editing, the only thing I'd change is I wish it came with a USB3 port, I've only ever had a usb3 port in a pc or laptop so I can only use it to transfer files.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I got this for my brother as a gift, and I have to say I was very surprised at how well the device performs. I'm using this with an ASUS Eee PC and it's working very well. I do have a couple of quibbles but that's about it. I can't wait to see what's coming out of the next wave of Eee PCs. I'll be buying another soon!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use this thing as my work computer for my job as an editor. The thing is a little big but it's fine for what I need it for. I'm able to work on my computer and play some games while working. I bought the case to protect it and the cable is super long and seems durable. I also like that it comes with 2 keyboards, one is for playing games and the other is for editing documents. The screen is also super bright and is perfect for gaming. I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "The power of computers is not in their sheer power but in their utility. They are a tool."
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It is very easy to operate and easy to set up. It has very good sound. It's quiet and easy on the eyes. The only thing I wish it had was an on/off switch.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, October 18, 2009  Good but  by Mark from Las Vegas NV USA  Review: The sound was pretty good. It is good to have the volume dialed in. I found the interface to be very easy. The power switch and remote are a little on the flimsy side. It did not take me long to figure out how to use it. -Didn't have a problem with it getting hot after about a year of use.  the sound was good. it was quiet  was easy to use and set up  the power switch is flimsy and did not last long  it did not have an on and off switch. it could be easier to use. but the sound is great.    Was the Review Helpful or Helpful? Yes No Friday, June 02, 2009
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Great for my computer. The speed and the reliability of the connection is great. It was the first computer I bought and I am very satisfied.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 16, 2015  Good product, good price  by J.W. from San Diego CA USA  Pros: Very easy to set up. It has lots of connections.  The computer is easy to use. .  in my experience with computers, this one seems to work well. I have to say, however, that there is a good chance that the USB ports are faulty. The computer seems to be able to read the ports but they are not working properly. I bought a replacement because I have a good connection from a previous computer and I just wish that they would make the ports more secure.  (view full review)  Review by: K.S. from Pompano Beach, FL USA . good speed and good quality, but i wish it came with a back up battery and more USB ports for the future.  the computer looks good and does what I want it to do. the price is good for the quality and the speed of the computer. 's  (view full interview)  the quality of the product is excellent and I really like the software for connecting and transferring files. I like the fact that there are lots of different connections, so I don't have to go to a different computer every time I want to use my computer!  was this review helpful to you?"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I have used my _________ for years. My only regret is that I never bought a _________. I'm very happy that my ____ has a good quality sound. The only thing I don't like is the fact that the ____ doesn't have a _____ in it.  I've had this unit for several years and it is my go to unit. I use it in my truck and I love it! It is the best portable unit on the market right now. . The ____ is an amazing little device. You don't need a lot of power to get good quality audio out of it. I would recommend the ________ to anyone.  to be honest, I was a bit hesitant to buy this unit. But after reading some of the reviews on here, I decided to give it a try. I've used this unit since it came out in 2002 and the sound quality is excellent. The unit is extremely quiet, so you can use it indoors in a truck or even in a small office or bedroom. This is my favorite unit. You can get good performance from it at a good price. I have also had very good luck with the _____ ____. It is one of the quietest units on the planet. I am a very satisfied customer and would recommend this unit to anyone who wants a good sound. If you have a question about the unit or any other aspects of the _______ ____, don't hesitate to contact me.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a month or so now and its been amazing ive been running mine on the 4ghz and i cant wait to buy a new one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great I just bought the R-096D, a new iMac Pro that's a lot better than my old one. I love the screen, the power, the speed, the portability and the versatility. I bought a second one for my home lab.  in my opinion the best all round machine I've ever had the pleasure of using. i was a little worried about the keyboard having a touchpad, but that's not an issue for me.  The built in 4G wireless connection is great, but I don't use the wired connection. : )  Thanks to Mac Genius, Mac Power Users and everyone else for a great product
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the best portable vaporizer i've ever used. The temperature settings are very easy to use and the cloud production is amazing. I can't wait for the 2nd generation. It's a perfect portable vapor device for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I really like this little gem. The batteries last forever. The device is easy to use. The audio quality is pretty good. It's very light and portable. I've been using this on the go, on the couch, on my desk. It is small, light, and easy to carry around. The only thing I wish was improved is that it's not as small as it could be.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ______________ (I really like this product). It's a little bit of work, but worth it. I like the sound quality, the size, and the functionality of this thing. The only issue I have is that I wish it had a headphone jack.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I have owned this product for a few months now. It is well built and works perfectly. I have bought the same model for several years, so I know it's not going to break, but this is my first attempt at repairing my own electronic device. I've used a soldering iron to solder in place the two contacts on the battery cable (the two wires that attach the battery to the device) that I believe have come loose. The battery cable is very easy to install on the device (only two wires, just pull straight out). The device is now charging and running perfectly. The only negative is that the battery itself is pretty heavy. I am not sure if the original design of the charger used a heavy battery and/or that the heavy battery is being replaced, or what. But the battery is very heavy and will be hard to get to the bottom of the device. That said, I have had the same battery for many years. I would buy this product again, only with thicker wires and a thicker battery.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works and is easy to use. I don't know why the other reviewers didn't like it, it is just what I expected and was very easy to set up. Write a negative review about an unsatisfactory electronic device.  This product is not very easy for me to use, not a lot of features to use to get the job done. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using this as a home/office computer and it's great. I love the fact that it's so portable.  It works great and is very durable.    The screen quality is great.  There are some things that need work, but nothing major. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's a great portable charger, a good quality battery, and a great price for the size. I like the USB cable that is included. It works with my iPad and a few other tablets, but the USB ports for a laptop don't seem to work with my laptop's USB port. It's worth the money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, August 11, 2011  I bought it as my main power bank and it works great. It charges my phone at night, and my laptop on the weekend. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it is a little pricy for what it is. I'm getting it from a local electronics store and it is the same price.  The only downside to this is it's not rechargeable. , from the Review: This is a great little power bank for when you want to have power on the go. I would recommend it to anyone, but especially people who are always out in the elements and want to keep their phones charged. The cable is nice, the portability is great. The included USB adapter works with the USB port on the back of my MacBook Air. It can't be used as a USB hub because it doesn't have a USB socket on the side, but it works with other devices as a wall adapter. If you're looking for a little power in a small package, this is the one to get.  (Review of D-Link USB Charger)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this thing for a month now and it is awesome ive been using it for video chatting with a friend that i dont see every day and it has done a good job so far ive got no issues other than the fact that it doesnt charge very fast ive bought 2 of these and will probably buy 3 in the near future because i have a lot of stuff to do and it takes a while to charge the device but once i get it charged it works just fine ive tried the other charger and its a little to expensive for what it is but its worth it ive also bought a usb to power for my phone and ive just bought another to charge my ipad so it will make the phone a little more portable and i have another ipad in the closet ive gotten alot of compliments from people about how good this thing looks and its made by apple so i cant complain that much ive purchased another 3 and will buy more in the future ive given it 4 stars because it does work ive only had it for 2 weeks but i have already told my family about it its very nice to have a portable phone
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first computer and I'm really happy with it. I'm an electronics nerd so I was looking for something that I could use to play my PC games. I was also looking for a small desktop for when I get out of my bed at night. The screen is small, but the resolution is really nice and it doesn't take up much space. I love how easy it is to change settings like the resolution, the sound volume, etc. Also, it comes with an additional HDMI cable for connecting to the tv. Overall I'm happy with my purchase and would recommend it.  :D  Write a negative review about an inferior electronic device :  I got the laptop because I wanted to upgrade my gaming PC and the screen size was perfect for my needs. The build quality is terrible. It is made of plastic and the laptop is very flimsy and bends easily. The keys are very mushy and the touchpad is really slow. It also takes ages to boot up. The battery is also the worst. It doesn't last long, and it will not hold a charge for more than a couple of days.  Review by: D.S. on September 21, 2016.  Pros: Small, lightweight, easy to setup, inexpensive Cons: Flimsy and has a crappy touchpad  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned the lcd-3 for almost a year now. it has been great for work and play, its small, light, and easy to carry.   i wish the screen could be more clear, but thats really a problem for me on most laptops, because of the glossy surface, and the small size of the screen (only 15" vs 23" on the other models). the screen is great though, and its a nice price too.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my VPC-2 for about a month now and I absolutely love it. It's very light weight, very portable, very easy to use, and easy to plug into a wall. I'm extremely happy with it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am very satisfied with this product.   Great Value   by J. C. from Ponte Vedra Beach, FL on 03/26/2016  I bought this for my husband and he is very pleased with it.   and I would recommend to anyone!  The best  ... by William from Pembroke Pines, FL USA on 03.19.2016 ,  You will not be dissapointed  .   (2)  By Thomas from Tampa, FL United States on 03,17.2016 -  So far the best of the three I have purchased. I have one that was an original and I just got my second one. I love the look and feel. I am not a pro and this unit is easy to use. The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is that it does take a while to come on. It's not as fast as the original but I just have to be patient. It took about 4 hours to get my first unit. I bought another because I am in need of a lot more speakers. The price is unbeatable and the sound quality is good.  Good value   a/ by Scott from Southaven, MS United States of America on 03 March 2016  Just started using this product and I am very impressed. I use to have an old Yamaha in my room that had a lot of trouble getting good sound. I had been looking for a speaker that would be a good match for the Yamaha and this product definitely hits the spot. I recommend it to anyone looking for good sound for a good price.    By Jeff from Los Angeles, CA United States United States - 03 March, 2016 . ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! Excellent product! I bought this device to replace my broken one. The new one is much better. The only bad thing about this product is the price. I am glad I bought it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the best headphone I've ever owned. The sound is extremely clear and the bass is well controlled. I use the bass for gaming and have been able to get a pretty good sub-bass. If I want to go for a more serious listening, I use it for music as well.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's pretty decent. I have the original model and was not happy with it at all.  The original model was only good for 10-15 mins of playing, but now with the upgrade to the upgraded model, the game is on par with a console game.  I can not speak to the upgrades to the original, but the upgrade seems like a good one.  I'm happy with this purchase and would buy it again if I had the chance. Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to listen to my music. I had never used an mp3 player before, but I knew this would be good. I was pleasantly surprised when I opened it up. The quality is amazing. I'm a musician, and my music is really high quality. The sound is not too loud, and the speakers sound great. I have had it for over a month, and I've been using it for both music and movies. The device itself is very well built. I think that it will last for a while. I only wish that it had a headphone jack on the front. It is a little hard to get to, and when I do, I'm always in the middle of my music playing. I would recommend this to any one who needs a good portable device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.................................................... This is a great product. I bought this for my 16 year old son who is a total newbie in electronics. He has tried a few other electronic products but these are by far the best. I will definitely recommend these to others. I have only used them a couple times but so far they are great. Thank you for making these products!  Good product:............................... I was very pleased with the electronic parts and this unit. I had been using an older type of device that was quite expensive, but was not very reliable. The old device was not reliable, and the instructions were unclear. The new unit is much more reliable and I am very happy with it. I just wish it were a little cheaper.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the first portable I've used that I actually enjoy using. The size is perfect for a short trip. It's lightweight and well made, and the battery life is pretty good. It also comes with a USB cable so you can plug it in at home, but it's a little too short for my taste. It can also be charged via a USB port on your computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a portable mp3 player and this is it. It's got good features, but not the best built quality. The battery life is only 2 hours and 30 minutes. But I can use it all day long on long flights.  It's just ok for a car stereo, but a lot of people will get this for the good price. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It is great for my son's use and it does the job.  I am very happy with this purchase.   This is the best tool I have ever owned. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A+ This thing is great. The only con is that the power cord is pretty short.   But that is a minor thing, and I can only use this with the usb power adapter (that I had to buy separately).    Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from The best monitor I have ever owned. I purchased this to replace a cheaper TV and monitor. This is the best monitor ive ever owned, it looks so good on my desk. I have not seen a picture or a video that looks better. The color depth and detail is amazing.  I am so happy I bought this monitor.  We have several Dell monitors in our living room, but we have never been happier with our purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a MacBook Air. This is a great little USB charger that works great. I really like the red one and I'm not even that into Apple. I'm going to order a few more of these. - I am so glad that Apple introduced a Lightning port. Now I can use my phone as a portable charger! - I like that it has a built in battery. I have a few portable chargers but this is my favorite. I also like the way that it is designed. I can see myself using this all the time. - This is great, it's easy to charge my iPhone 6. I like the fact that it's built in a car. - My only complaint is the price. This charger is expensive. I wish Apple would make a cheaper one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: **************************** I bought the PEN Pen for my daughter to learn about the digital world. She is 7 and can't write so much as "write." I thought this would be a good learning tool and was not disappointed. She learned all about how to write with the pen. I love it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really like this thing. I like the way it works and the controls are simple. I don't want to change it. It works good as it is. I will recommend it to others.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 25, 2011  Works as it should.  ina way  by Mike from San Francisco CA USA  Pros: Works as it was designed to  Cons: None  Review: It does what it is supposed to.  the batteries don't last very long so be careful with how long you charge it. the software has problems with it when you turn the screen on and off. but other than that great  The cons are pretty minor but the quality is great. I'd say this is a solid buy.  a  Great product at a great price!  Comment on this review:  A lot of times the electronic devices are not up to the task. This is not one of those times. It is simple, easy to use, and does exactly what it was made for. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I just purchased a second one for my wife. I bought a second version of the product as I noticed a few things with the first one I bought. First is that the cable that came with the product is short. I had to buy a long cable just to use it with a laptop. Second, the audio on the first version was so good I actually took it into my workplace and had a colleague use it to listen to some music on my iPod. That is how much I like it. The only reason I'm giving it three stars is that it does need a lot of power. I would recommend getting at least a battery with the unit to have it power up for a few minutes while you work.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- -------------------------- The Sony A6300 has all the features I've been looking for in a modern point and shoot: excellent quality for the price, great features, good size, easy to use, and a few other small extras. The A6330 has some nice improvements over the A6301, such as the flash sync button and the ability to sync to a PC. The size and weight of the A6500 is more than acceptable for a point andshoot, but the lack of a flash sync can be a big drawback. The lack of manual controls, especially for flash sync, is also a big deal. The built in flash is fine, but I think I would rather have a flash trigger. The Sony camera has some built in features, including a video mode that lets you shoot video without a memory card. This is great if you're using the camera for video, but it can be very confusing when you have to do something different with the camera when you want to take a picture. Overall, this is a great camera for the money.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The screen is great. The brightness is very good. It also has a headphone port. It's a little bit small, but I think it is for the price point.  It's great for a travel case, as it's small and light. ___________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The sound is nice, and the interface works great. The software is not great, but I use it mainly for a personal computer. The price is great.    Good value:  This unit is very inexpensive and works well. I use the sound on my computer, and it sounds good on it. It is also very easy to use and the settings are easy to remember. The only issue I had was that when I tried to change the sound to stereo, I was not able to do so and the sound still sounded mono. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have been using this product for several years now. It is well made and is easy to use. It has a wide range of functions, and a lot of them. It can be set up to do anything from setting up a Wi-Fi hotspot, to playing music from your MP3 player, to turning on the TV. I would recommend this product to anyone that has a device that they want to turn into a WiFI router or that is just a general device that will not function without it.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     I got the device and have to say I am very happy with it. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because I would love to have a USB port on the bottom that I could use a keyboard or mouse on. The USB connector on the back is the only thing that I don't like. The top of the device has the power button and the volume rocker on it and they are just not good enough.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The keyboard is nice and fast. I like that I can enter numbers quickly.  I also love the ability to adjust the brightness from the brightness knob.    I'm not a huge fan of the back light, but I've found that it's easy to change to a dimmer mode with the backlight off. The only thing I don't like is the fact that the micro-USB port is a little small and the usb cable is very short. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 4s - good design, great sound quality, great interface. The only reason i give it 4 stars is because there are a few other nice and more affordable headphones out there with better sound quality. Also the battery life could be better. I like the fact that you can remove the headphone cable from the phone to put it in the headphone jack on the pc. If you have a hard time with the interface you can also put it into the 3.5mm jack.   I will not recommend this headphone to anyone. The sound quality is just ok and I don't find any difference in the sound between the 3 and 4. The interface is easy to use but it is still very much a "cheap" device. The 3 and the 4 are more expensive but I still can't say i'm happy with this purchase.     If you can find a better product at the same price check it out.  My review: I bought this as a gift for my brother. He's a big music fan and the 3 is great. I have a pair of Sony MDR-100s that I use in my car and this beats them both hands down. The noise cancelling is a huge plus as it makes my car commute so much less of a nightmare. The bass is great and the mids are rich and smooth. The highs are crisp and the highs on the MDR100s are too recessed. This is not the case with the 3 or the 4. I'm still on the fence with the M-100 but the 3s sound great to me and I would definitely recommend this over the M100 if I were to get a new set.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only problem I have with this is that the button to change channels is on the right side. I don't know why this is on a larger device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this for my daughter as a birthday present. It's a fantastic gift! I can't wait to use it. I love it! ------------------------- This is a great little gadget. It takes a long time to calibrate, but that's the point. It helps to prevent you from having to re-calibrate every time you do something. I have it set up to take care of me, my wife and two cats. The only downside I've found is that it doesn't seem to work with all of the cameras and printers I have. That being said, I still think it's worth the price.  Rated 5 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from Easy to use and works great. This is an excellent product to use in the home. I've bought a number of different products and this one is the best. It is very easy to calibrates and you can adjust the brightness to the perfect level. It also is very small and light weight so you don't have to carry it around. I use it for my home security system.  and you have to adjust the light level on the remote. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned a lot of electronic devices, but this one is by far the best. I love the way the buttons and knobs are set up. The sound is great. I have never experienced such a clear sound from a compact amp as I do from this one. The USB port is the best I have ever used. The volume controls are the best that I have seen. The unit itself is very light and feels very sturdy. The batteries last very long, which is nice because they last a long time. I highly recommend this unit.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent item for a price that is well within what I would consider reasonable. The screen is easy to read and the build quality is good. It is very easy to use and the software is very intuitive and well laid out. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive yet reliable piece of software.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased this for a college project in order to use as an audio amplifier. It is very versatile, easy to use and a good price. I use it for sound systems and I'm very pleased with it. I bought it from Radio Shack because it was one of their most affordable products.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I got this as a gift for a friend who really likes the Samsung brand. He's not big on the iPhone but has been a loyal iPhone user for the past 4 years. The only thing I dislike about the iPhone is the screen is very small, and it's only good for watching movies and doing basic texting. But when it comes to the camera, video and audio, this is the best phone I've ever used. If you're not an iPhone user or have no need for the extra storage or speed, this will be the phone for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ---------------  Very good product for the money. It works well, but the battery life is only 3-4 hours. I think the price is good for what you get, but I'll be returning it.  Great for the price: --------------  I bought this item to use on my old computer to give it a more modern look. It's very well built and the LED's are very bright and clear. The only thing I can complain about is that the USB ports are on the side, which makes it very hard to charge on the computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Pros: Easy to use. Easy to connect and set up. No flickering and the LED's have a great color. Very nice and bright. I have this one set up and working and I will be buying more!  Cons: The light gets very hot after about 30 minutes. I think I have the power supply problem.  3 of 3 people found this review helpful Great little product I like this light very much. I am very happy with the quality and price. I was skeptical about this light at first because of the reviews but it works great and does what it is supposed to do. I will order more in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I am an electronic engineer and have used the Mophie earbuds for several years. They are the best I've tried and their price is right. The sound quality is very good. I use these earbud's for my ipod and ipod mini and they are great. If you want to have great sound for a cheap price look no further. I would recommend these to anyone who needs a great sounding earbuddy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have a very high level of respect for this product. I have been a long time user of the i5-3570K and I was just looking to upgrade to the i7-3770K as the processor in the new one is the same but the cooling has been better with the i processor. I just wish it would have come with a cooler. Overall I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******************* This is a fantastic piece of hardware. The sound quality is amazing and the fact that you can play any file format you want without a hitch is a real bonus. It's not as good as the CDJ but I like the fact you can just hook this up to your computer, download music and not worry about getting the right equipment. **********************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I am so happy with my new DLP projector! It is much better than the old one I had, and it is much smaller. The only thing I do not like about it is the screen brightness. I use it for a movie theatre and the brightness is too bright for a theater room. The projector does work great for watching movies on the big screen at home.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first digital music player and I have to say I am impressed with the ease of use. I have been using this for about a month now and I love it. The battery life is great. The only complaint I have is that the buttons are very hard to hit, but I do not think it will affect the performance. Overall a good buy!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first computer i have owned that was able to make up my mind about whether I wanted to buy it or not. It's fast, and I am very satisfied with the sound quality. The size is perfect, and it's very quiet (although i did have to buy a fan).
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great device for its price. I got the black one because it's so light, but it's just as bright as the white one. You have to use the battery on the white version to get a charge, but the black version doesn't have this issue. I really like the fact that it can be plugged into a wall outlet, or a laptop/computer. I haven't tried it on a tv yet, but I'm sure it'll work fine.  You don't get a ton of storage, but at a great price, I'd say it's a good buy.  I bought the black and white version of this to use for my ipad. This is a great little device, it's easy to use and have it all in one box.  I have the blue and white.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's just a good unit. I bought the second unit for my wife and she loved it! It's great for kids.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The device worked perfectly. I wanted a better quality sound and I've found it.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  A good product, excellent sound.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this thing and have never been disappointed.  The audio quality is just as good as any other device I've used and is a pleasure to listen to.   It doesn't sound like a lot of money, but if you want to enjoy an audiophile quality sound without a lot more than you would for a decent pair of earbuds, this is the way to go. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this in hopes it would be good for my small family, and it's a great product. I do wish the batteries lasted longer though. It's very quiet, but I don't use it in the garage. I used it on the front steps at night, and I heard the little sound it makes when it's on and off, which is nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This was my first audio/video recorder and it was absolutely amazing. I have a Panasonic Viera VDR-100 that I use for video recording, but this one is better for me. It has all the same features as my Viera and is a lot better quality for the money. I'm really excited about the future of this product as I have other small camcorders and camcorder's that I would like to have but just can't justify the cost. Great job Sony.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Perfect I use this in my home for the first time last night, recording a wedding and I had no issues at all. The quality is excellent and it works great. I had to go into the store and get some cords but everything was included.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this in November for my wife to play games with. She has a very good memory and is a gamer so I figured she would enjoy the games she plays with me. I did not expect much from it but this thing has more memory than the console we have, and has a better screen, a much larger memory card and a bigger hard drive for the games. I am very happy with my purchase and will probably get a few more for my other games and her. I highly recommend it and will definitely buy another one soon!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!This is the best way to purchase a portable music player! It fits in my backpack and can't be taken out without removing my belt or having it go through my pants. I have the big one, and it's really good, but this one is way better. It can play mp3's, so if you like to listen to music, this one's a good choice. I've bought this one from amazon as well, and they're both pretty good, so I'm sticking with this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The unit was very good and I had no problems at all with my order. The unit is very well designed and the software is very easy to use and to adjust. The battery life is very good, and the sound quality is excellent. The only con is that it's not compatible with all the computer components that I have.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, July 14, 2013  Great product, but...  by Michael from Ocala FL USA  Pros: Great sound quality.  the remote is easy to program. -  Cons: the unit does not come with any cables for the remote, you need to buy them separately, so you have to buy extra if you have a remote that requires a cable.  that being said, this unit works perfectly fine, with the remote it is a little more complicated but it is not a problem. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ When I first bought my second computer it was really nice. However the keyboard was very bad and the monitor was terrible. I have to get a better monitor and keyboard to make the computer good again. I bought the new version of the computer and am not disappointed. I am a computer guy and i will never buy another brand of computer. I just found this company because of the good reviews and price. This computer is a great buy. I recommend it.  Did you find this helpful? 7 of 8 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Alysha  5  Reviewed by:from New York. on 9/19/2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********** It's just what I was looking for. This is a very good product. The price is very reasonable. I can't say enough good things about it. I bought it for my daughter who has arthritis in both legs. She has a computer that her husband uses to help her with her school work. I purchased this device and she can access it from her bed. I also bought a remote control so she can use it from the other room. I love it and highly recommend it to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gwen from Love the remote control and the sound quality This is an awesome item to help with my arthritis and the fact that it is wireless is great. The remote control is very easy to use and the audio is great! I was a little hesitant at first but this is my second one and I am pleased with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My first computer was a 386 computer, which I still use for some small work.   I have upgraded my computer to the amd64 processor and have been very happy with it.  I do not need to purchase any extra software or hardware to get this thing to do what I need it to do.  There is no software needed to make it work. The only thing I need is a mouse, but that is easy to get.  This is a must have device.  The speed of the machine is excellent, but not the best.  It does get quite warm and hot when running on a PC.  For the price this is the best computer you can get for under $1000. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been looking for a portable computer for a long time. This one is amazing. I've used a laptop before and the screen is so small that I have to use a magnifier. The software is very powerful. I can access all my music, pictures, videos, and email on my phone. This is the best computer I've ever owned. It's a little heavy but if you use it on the road it doesn't feel like a heavy weight. I highly recommend it!Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great value. It does everything I need. It's so small and so light. I bought this because I'm a writer/journalist and I like to have all the functions on my device at all times. It is extremely easy to navigate and the size is perfect. I have no problems with it, and I love that I don't have to remember a lot of settings. The only thing I dislike about this device is the battery life, which is really not that good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ ____________ _________ I have been very pleased with the purchase and the excellent customer service I received. I would purchase again!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    First of all, the only thing I had a problem with is the battery life. I purchased it with the 40watt charger, but I use my laptop for work a lot and it only last 3 days. So, I bought the 70watt one, which lasts me about a week of usage. That being said, I would have no problems with the battery if the battery wasn't so hard to access in the bottom. This thing is great for a desktop and the top does make it so you don't have to worry about taking the top off when you want to get at the battery. The only complaint I have is the only way to charge it is to use a USB cord and I just hate those. But the one thing I have to say about this product is that it is really easy to setup and use. It takes a few minutes to set up and set up a profile. I also really like that it can be easily moved and I don't feel like it's being used to hide. If I'm ever going to get another keyboard I'm sure I'll get this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this thing for a few weeks now, and its been great. i can do all the functions on the radio I need to, with the addition of the aux input for my ipod. the only thing i dont like is the case. It is a little heavy for the size. Ive attached pictures of the box, and i would recommend it. It works great, and the sound quality is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "I think that this device has more potential to become a true friend than a tool."  -J. D.  I have been using the DAP since about February and I have had it since. I was in the hospital for an extended period and needed to keep a record of my medication. I had my cell phone on me so I could take pictures of the tablet. I also have a digital camera on me to take pictures with the Dap. The pictures are in color and the colors are so clear and crisp that I can't believe they were taken with the cell phone. The color of the screen is so much better than the one I had in my phone and the Dac is a much better device. The Dap has great range and has saved me a lot of time. The only thing I didn't like was the weight. It wasn't very comfortable to use. But it was good enough.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the fact that the iMac is portable. I like the fact it has a built in camera. I love that it has an HDMI port for my laptop and TV. I also love the built in hard drive. The iMac has everything I need. It's the best all around computer I have used in a long time. The only issue I had with the i5 is that it's hard to switch from video to music. You need to use the built-in DVD drive to play video. All in all, great computer. Write a negative review about the i7:  I can't believe they're making this machine again. It was so bad it was actually good. The video was bad and the sound was terrible. I had to buy a new keyboard. I'm not a fan of the keyboard. The keys are too small and there is a big gap between the key and the surface they're pressed on. I'm not even sure I like how they make the buttons. It makes the keys almost impossible to find when the machine is on. It's the i2e card and the fact they made this machine so bad I don't even have to worry about it anymore. Bottom line:    This is the best iMac in a very long time, and it's a lot cheaper than the other machines in the line.  If you have a computer that's a bit older and you don't have a need for a lot of speed, I recommend this computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great unit. The unit comes in very nice packaging. The power supply is very well made. I have used this to charge my cell phone and it is perfect for that. I also use it to charge an iPod touch. It charges very quickly and is very quiet. The battery life is good for an iPod.  Did you find this helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Joey  5  Reviewed by:from California. on 7/6/2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  This is a great device. The price is right. It is simple and easy to use.   -Great for playing my ipod.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The new K1.2 is awesome! It's a nice and simple interface to control your gear, but is still able to be a little more versatile than some other systems. The USB port is nice to have as well. The controls are easy to use and the interface is a very nice feature. It's my main board for my DAW.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned this device for 2 years and it still works. the sound quality is still great and it has all the features i need.   2 stars for noise canceling: this is the one feature i wish it had, but it is a bit hard to adjust to if you are constantly using it. I have it set to turn the sound off if i turn my volume all the way up and i have to constantly adjust to it, but the quality of the sound is still good.   of course if you want to listen to music you have the option of the external amp, but i think its still better than the sound on the speakers.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a gift for my husband. It was very easy to use. It is very durable. Write a negative review about an electronic device that I don't like:    The battery life is really short. If I leave it charging for more than a few days, I'm just going to run out of juice. Also, the power button is a little hard to find. I would rather just turn the device off.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! It works great and does what it was advertised to do. It is so nice that it can be used while sitting at my desk at work.!!!  It has been over two months and I am still using this device. It works just as it should, and works very well. The battery life is long enough to do everything that I want to do with my computer and it does not take a lot of power to operate. It does have one drawback, but that is the cost of the device. The cost for the device is very low compared to other similar products.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This was my first purchase with the company and it was not bad at all. This is the same unit that I purchased from a different company that broke on me within a week of receiving it. It took me 2 months to get it back to working. This was a cheap price compared to what I had to go through to get my original one fixed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used the BX200 since it was introduced to me in 2006.  It is the best compact electronic device I have ever used.  In summary, if you are considering buying a compact electronic gadget, the BXT200 is the one to get.  It is compact, durable and reliable.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs a compact digital device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the new eos for a few months now. It is the best thing i've ever used. i have a bad back and i get migraines all the time. i am in constant pain and the eos has saved me. i can't imagine having to wait a week for a replacement. i was very hesitant at first but once i got the eo i have been using it every day for a month and i'm happy. i got a lot of compliments on the new design. the sound quality is good, i love that it's rechargeable. i would buy it again.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     The only issue I had with the product is that the volume control for the phone was not working.   The only issue that I had was that the speaker didn't work.  I just don't understand why the company made a product that is great and that doesn't work! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using the Logitech G300s for about 3 months now and it's very nice. I've bought other gaming mice and mice on sale over the years and this one is the best one. I like that it's light and the buttons have good response. I love that I can easily connect the mouse to my PC through my laptop. I also love the fact that it is wireless and can be used in any room. If you are looking for a mouse, but are worried about the price, I highly recommend this mouse. I bought it a week ago and I love it so far.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really like this product. It is great to be able to connect the phone to my computer and my computer to my phone. The only thing I dislike is the battery life. It gets very low after about an hour and a half of use, and the only way to get it back to full charge is to put the phone down and put the computer back on. I also wish that the cable came with a little adapter, but it's not a deal breaker. Good to know about:  The product is well made. The product is very easy to use and the instructions are easy to follow. The price is good too.  Great little device:   This is a very easy product to use, I have never had a problem with it, and it is very cheap to buy. It will be a nice addition to my family. Reviews are not the ones I write, I am a professional computer programmer and have a very high quality computer, I use a Dell XPS 13 9550 laptop, a Samsung 840 EVO 250GB SSD, Samsung 950 PRO m.2 512GB SSD and a Razer BlackWidow Chroma. The above computer's and the phone are connected to the computer via a cable. The laptop is also connected via a wired ethernet cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very well made unit that I love the design and the ease of use.  The only thing I wish it had was the ability to use it for multiple uses.  A little heavy but well built. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased a wireless speaker from Amazon about a year ago. I'm very pleased with this unit. I've been using it as my wireless speaker, a car stereo and a Bluetooth headset, and I love it all. It has great sound and the remote is easy to use. Read Less
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I purchased the 3d Printer from my local store on Friday evening. The store called me back on Monday morning to tell me they had shipped it out that day. I had ordered a 3d printer from them before and I've been very happy with the quality of their products. This printer looks like a big lump of plastic. The print bed is huge and is filled with layers. The design is nice and it's got a good amount of support. The first prints were not as good as I had hoped. I printed with a single nozzle and was not able to get a good smooth finish. The plastic was still slightly brittle and had a little play. The prints came out nice, but they were still not as nice as a good desktop 3d print. I ordered the printer again to try to improve the print quality. This time I printed the top layer on the bed with no support, then I printed on the bottom layer with support. It took a little longer to print with the top and bottom layers printed together, but I was able to print a better finish. I am very happy to have purchased the printer. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking to purchase one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:........................................... It's hard to go wrong with an HP laptop. It is easy to use, it runs smoothly and is reasonably quiet. The only reason I give it only 3 stars is that it doesn't come with an extra USB port. It would have been nice to have one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JL from Good price, good performance for the price I purchased this laptop for a job that I had to do on my own. I am an audio engineer and have been working with computers for a while. I was looking for something that was affordable and could handle my workload. I also needed something that would be easy to transport. I decided to buy this model mainly because I knew it would work with a laptop audio interface. I had read some of the other reviews and was a bit worried. I really like the features and the build quality is excellent. The keyboard is a bit small but the trackpad is a little better than average. I like that there are no big buttons, just a few that work well. I have a Dell laptop and found that it was too big for this machine. The battery life on this machine is excellent as well. It lasted me almost 3 hours of continuous use before I had it plugged in. The screen quality is great and the speakers are loud. I recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a decent laptop to take on the road.  to my knowledge I'm not the first one to say that this computer is a good computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this device to replace my old PC for the job I had. I was going to purchase an HP but after looking into it, this is the way to go. The setup was pretty simple. I set up my email and my calendar on my phone. It had a nice screen and the sound was good. The one thing I wish I had was a way to add more programs to the device. I can use it for my work but it is very limited in what it can do. I am looking at buying another one for my other computer.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 20, 2014  excellent product for a great price  by A Customer from Saint Louis MO USA  Pros: Works great with my iPad  Cons: None  Review: Works perfect with my iPod Touch! Works perfectly with my iBook. No issues. 'solution'  Would you recommend this product? Yes  The Good: Simple and straightforward  Not so good: Not enough memory to add all of my favorite apps  Comments: The only problem I have is that it is too small to add additional programs to it. I had to use the built in apps on my iPad to do more than what the device is capable of. -A.M.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is my first "true" computer, the one I grew up with and have since passed down to my son, and I love it. The design is fantastic, the screen is nice and bright, and the sound is perfect for my tastes. I have no complaints at all. The only problem is the size. It is too big for my hands. The power button is right at the top of the keyboard, and to get to the power button I have to remove the top and the back of the case. It would be great if you could put the power/reset buttons on the back instead of on the front, but that's a personal preference. If you can't deal with the size, you can always just use an iPad.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- A great product and great price. The only reason why I'm giving it 5 stars is that the batteries last for just one year (my original batteries lasted 5 years) and I can't really see why this would be better. I bought the charger and a battery pack, but it took longer to connect the charger to the battery pack than it did to put it together. The batteries also seem to be slightly damaged, but I'm just not concerned about that. Overall I'm very happy with my purchase.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Great price for an excellent product. I have been using this for about a month and I have not had any issues with the battery. The battery lasts a long time and is very powerful. If you're looking for a great sounding stereo, this is a good one. I am happy with my purchase. I would recommend it to anyone looking for great sound at a reasonable price.  Write a negative review about an uninspiring product: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've used this to record my guitar lessons for the last several years and have been very pleased. It's got a nice low noise floor and has a nice wide dynamic range. This has a good microphone input (I use the onboard mic on my Zoom H2n). It's a lot more compact than the Zoom H1n. I have been using the Zoom as my main recorder for several years. I find the H2 to be a great value. I like the large, comfortable carrying case, but would love to see a better screen for the backlit LCD display. The H2 has a little more gain for the input. If you want to save some money, get the Zoom and save yourself some time. It has a better input and I would have preferred a few more inputs.  The H2 is an excellent recorder and it has a very clear LCD display with a very wide dynamic response. I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: **********  This is an excellent product that I will definitely use. I can't think of any better purchase. It's light weight and has an intuitive design that makes it really easy to use. The software is easy to learn and provides great control over how I want my sound to sound. It is the perfect match for my DAP. I highly recommend this device.  Best sound: ****************  A great sound and very good quality sound. You get a huge selection of filters which can be fine tuned to suit your needs. You can also choose between three modes for the bass and treble. Very nice sound. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have had my iMac for about 3 years now. This machine is by far the best iMac I have ever owned. It is fast and easy to use. My only complaint is the fact that it is only upgradable to the current version of OS X. Other than that, I love my i-Mac. I hope they will make a new model in the future, that will be upgradeable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Epson Stylus Photo was a nice upgrade from the Kodak Color Print and Color Epson. The quality of the photos was better, and it had a faster refresh rate than the Kodachrome Color print. The paper was a bit thin, but the ink didn't smear very much when writing with it. I think I'd have liked the paper more if it were thicker. The Stylis has been discontinued, but can still be had for a good price. I was very excited about the new Sony camera that I received from my cousin.  I had already heard great things about it, and I was sure it was going to be a great upgrade from my old camera.  I'm really pleased with the quality of this camera. I'm impressed with how fast it's processing photos, and the great photos it can produce are fantastic.  The only thing that really bugs me is that the camera doesn't support RAW photo files.    My only gripe is the price, which is a little steep for what it is.  I would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a new camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! This is a fantastic device for the price. It's very durable, easy to use, and can connect to my iPhone 5s/6 Plus. I love the remote, it's so convenient to be able to turn the TV on or off while watching my movies. My only complaint is that the remote has no battery, so if you forget to turn it on or you leave it in your pocket or bag, you have to put it back together. Otherwise, I love it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great buy for the money I use the DVR as a secondary DVR to my existing cable box. For $35 I'm not disappointed. I've got the HD model, which has 4 tuners (not 4k) for a total of 5 tuners. I don't think the HD is as bright as the HD+. The DVR also has a nice remote and easy to access on screen menu. For a cheap price I think it's a good deal. I'm hoping it lasts for years. , but that's another story. The picture is pretty good. I haven't had the opportunity to try the audio, but the TV was working when I received it. The only thing that bothers me is that I can't use the remote with the TV. I'll have to buy a second remote or go without. Other than that, I'm satisfied.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I just bought this. It has a nice sound and it is very easy to use. I was able to set up my own wireless network to share music, movies, and photos. I like it alot and will definitely buy more of these in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  I have bought this device 3 times now and the second one is not the best. The second one had a problem where it wouldn't charge and I couldn't figure out why, then the third one I received the battery is just dead. I've been using it for about 3 weeks and the battery hasn't changed at all. I don't think it would be that hard to get it to charge. The price isn't too bad though.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a gift and I'm glad I did.  It's small enough to not take up too much space but big enough to make great sound.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------This is a great, compact, all-in-one, and versatile set of speakers. The sound quality is excellent. It's a little louder than I would like, but that's because the volume controls are not adjustable, so you may have to go a little further. The quality of the sound is better than I expected. I also like the fact that you can turn the sound down if you are in a quiet room or don't like loud music. Overall, I would recommend this product to others.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********* This is a great little device for those who want to record some nice music. It's lightweight, fits well in my backpack, and has a nice built in mic. The sound quality is very good. It also has a headphone out, so I can use it to listen to music without a stereo. I highly recommend this product!  Best value for the money: ******************** I bought this device as a second audio recorder and this is my second audio device. I am very pleased with this product. It has been running for 2 weeks now and works great. I use it for the music I play on my phone. This is the only device that I am using and will continue to use. I do have some issues with the headphone out but that can be solved with a better mic. I would recommend this device.  Good value for price: --------------- A great value for a great price. I had purchased the Sennheiser HD 598s previously but couldn't get any sound from them. I did some research and found that the HD 578 is the better choice. It is the same device but much better in sound quality. I bought it because I love the HD sound but I would prefer to hear better sound out of this device but not have to spend more.  the best : --------------------------- I just bought this product and love it! It has a good sound and is very light to carry. I can easily carry it in my bag and record a song. I love it. I've heard great reviews about the mic, but I haven't found the right one yet.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my iphone 4s since the 2nd day i bought it and ive been very satisfied with the phone and its performance ive never had a problem with it so far i would highly recommend it
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the best electronic device that I have ever purchased and it is a great deal for the price. It is very quiet, easy to use and it works as advertised. It does have one drawback that I would recommend to anyone: the buttons are very hard to press. I used to use a simple switch, but the buttons on this one are a bit harder to press than a switch, so it took a bit of getting used to.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using my old Apple PowerBook G4 laptop for a few years now and I've had a hard time switching to a modern computer because it is slow. I bought the G4 about three years ago and used it to do a lot of word processing, web browsing and other stuff I wanted to do on my computer. About two months ago I decided to sell it because my old laptop had enough battery life to last me until next year. I looked at the new laptop, the MacBook Pro, and decided I wanted one. The G4 was great for the money, but I wasn't happy with the new computer. I finally decided to give the new one a try, and I am happy to say that I am glad I did. The new computer is fast, powerful, has great battery life and it has a very good screen. I would definitely recommend this computer. Read full review Read all my reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my old analog cassette player is giving up the ghost. I've been using my digital player on and off for years, but the digital player has a bad habit of getting hot and/or losing the data on the disc. This is much better and is able to hold my favorite songs for a long time. I like the built-in CD player and the headphone jack. It's great to be able to keep all the data I want on the device and then have the option of listening to it later. The speakers are OK, but not great, and the battery is not great. It lasts about 6 hours, but that is a lot for my old CD player. The battery life is about the same as the analog cassette I had before, so I can't complain too much. But I'm not a fan of the fact that it's so small. It has to be in your pocket and you have to carry it around.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ This is a very nice little device for recording your audio and then mixing it with your computer. It is a great deal on the lower price range and can do all the functions of a mixer. I like that it is small, so I don't have to carry around a big mixer and stand with me when I am working.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use this as a desktop computer monitor. It is small and light, and its a good size monitor. Its not quite as crisp as my computer monitor but its not bad. I would say it is the best monitor I have had so far. The picture is bright and bright. Its a good monitor for any small office or home. I like it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "There is no better feeling than knowing you've done something worthwhile with your life." - Bob Dylan
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been looking for a keyboard with a touchpad for a while now and this fits the bill perfectly. it has a great feel, is easy to type on and looks very cool. i recommend it to any one who wants a decent typing keyboard.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this unit because I wanted to save a little on my electricity bill. The unit has been working well for my needs. I use it to store my electronic equipment (printers, computers, music, etc) and use it as a speakerphone for my car stereo. My old unit was not working very well and the batteries did not last long so I decided to try this one out. It's great, I'm sure the batteries will last me a long time. I would highly recommend this unit to anyone looking to save money.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this unit because of the great reviews and my wife and I love it.   We love it that it's a simple design and it's built well.  It's great that it works and I like that the cord can be plugged into the wall instead of the power outlet.  The unit itself is very nice and sturdy.  This is a great product and we really like it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've had the Zephyr for a month now and I absolutely love it. I love the size, the looks and the sound quality. I'm in my mid 40's, have used a lot of different headphones, and have never felt that these have been better than any of the other brands. I've had them for a few months now, and I can honestly say I'm glad I got them. The sound quality is incredible and I have to tell you, I'm not sure I could have bought any other brand for this price.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: etekaudio
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a fantastic purchase and I'm looking forward to using it as my daily computer and gaming device for years to come.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I was really excited to get this for my wife for our anniversary because she had always wanted one of these. It works great, is simple to use, and the sound quality is very good. I have a few other electronic devices, but this one is by far my favorite. I'm definitely going to get another one for our son.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm happy with this purchase. I am an old school kind of guy and I always used a rotary dial to change music, but my wife likes my computer, so we decided to get this. The only downside is that it's very loud, and I have to keep the volume down in my room. However, I do not use it to listen to music on a regular basis.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use this product to monitor my heart rate when running.   It's extremely helpful to know what my heart is doing during the run.  It helps keep me on the safe side.  I would recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this as a backup for my computer and it works great. The only problem is the usb charging is a little flaky and I had to try 3 different cables to get it to work. Still I'm very happy with my purchase and will continue to use this device.  5 Stars, buy again:  This is the best keyboard I've ever owned, I bought it in the mail and I was blown away by the quality of the keycaps. It's very similar to my old mechanical one but with a little more key travel. I'm glad I bought a new one as it has become my main keyboard.    I wish I had a few extra keys for playing around with and writing, but it is very good for a portable keyboard. I use this mostly for gaming and my friends that use other mechanical keyboards are loving theirs as well.   Great purchase and I will buy another in the future.  the best:  The best gaming keyboard ive ever used. Very responsive and the rubber feet are great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     This is an excellent piece of equipment for my needs. I use the SONY DVD-R player as my main source of entertainment and audio. I have an iMac running OS X and a DVD-RW drive that I use for storing my digital media. The USB drive is a nice touch. I don't use the DVD-ROM drive anymore. The player has plenty of power and I have no complaints about the operation. The only thing I would like to see is a volume control so that I could select the right bitrate for my movies. The device is a bit of a pain to set up and use. The instructions on how to configure the device are lacking. The setup is simple enough for me but I wish I had a bit more information on how it works so that it is easier to set it up. The unit itself is small and I'm very happy with the performance. The sound is great. I haven't heard anything like it. I will definitely be using this product for years to come. I would recommend this device to a friend. I recommend this product to anyone who wants a good digital player and good sound. I am very happy that I bought this player. It is a great deal.  Rated 4 out of 5 by LJ from Great purchase I bought it to replace a discontinued DVD-Rom player. I've used my older unit for years. I'm a big fan of the sound and the functionality. It's a great investment and easy to set-up. .  to the reviews of the DVD drive failing after only 3 years - this seems to be an anomaly - I have a newer DVD-Drive that has never failed. I used to have a set of DVD's on my computer but lost them so I bought the newer unit. I had the old unit for a while but now I have the newer one. The other reviewers are correct - the unit has to be programmed for the sound you want. However, the sound is fantastic. I like that I can select different sound for the different modes. I also love the DVD player. I like the fact that it comes with the DVD writer and the DVD reader and also the DVD driver. The DVD writer is a must have if you want to burn DVD's. In conclusion - if you're on a budget, this is a good choice. If you're looking for a good DVD player for your computer - this is one to look at. It
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!   I bought this to use as a remote control for my old video games. It worked great! The only thing is that the button was slightly hard to press. It was a little too light and not firm enough to be a good control.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the T-Mobile GSM Nano SIM card for the Sprint 4G phone. I was not sure if I wanted to use it on my T-mobile phone because I have been using the AT&T 4G phones. I'm so glad I bought this SIM card. I like that the SIM card is on the phone. It is very easy to use. I have had this phone for a few weeks now. I've been able to get a lot of calls on it and the call quality is good. The only thing I do not like is that it is difficult to find a store that has this SIM Card. I think it's because it's so new.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device is very well built and looks good. It has lots of different functions that make it fun to use. I like the ability to add multiple sensors to the unit and the fact that it comes with a sensor holder to fit the sensors I bought. I've used the units in the garden and on the porch to monitor my plants and flowers. The device also allows me to monitor the temperature of my house.  I use the unit for both indoor and outdoor applications. I have been very happy with the purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ This is a great device, but I have two problems with it. The first is that the battery life is about what you would expect. It seems to last about 2 hours. The second problem is that there is no auto shutdown feature. I have to turn it off and then on manually. I am pretty sure that is a hardware problem.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use as a backup hard drive on my  PC. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. It is fast, and has plenty of space for any kind of media. The only thing that could be improved is the size. The hard drive is pretty large, but I can only fit about 30GB of media on it (although there is an option to add more), and I am using a lot of data. It's also a bit expensive. Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and I highly recommend this device!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ___________ I just got the Zune and i really like it. i really dislike the iPod but i dont like the Zunes battery life. ive owned the Zong and it is way better. ives never had a problem with it. __________  Write a negative review about something that is really bad: ___________________________ This thing is a piece of junk. It is so hard to turn off, and the batteries last about 2 days. I can't even believe they even sold a dumb device with so many problems.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm so happy I purchased the Pico Pico Pro from Adafruit. The Pico is an Arduino powered device that has the same form factor as an Arduino and the same functionality as an AVR. I've had a few of the PICOs already so I knew that they were pretty cheap. The quality of the board is good. The AVR is very easy to program and has a large library. The only real down side is that you need a USB connection for programming. Otherwise, it is a great board for beginners and advanced users alike. It's very easy and simple to program the PICOM. I will be recommending this to my friends and family.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 4s  This is my first i phone ever, I love it so much and I'm so glad I got this. The quality of this phone is very good and you can't beat the price. I was worried that the camera would not be the best but its good and it is pretty great for the price point. I recommend it to everyone that is looking for a phone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned this for over a year and I love it. I like that it is battery powered and it doesnt need a computer to work. Ive used it to send and receive messages and the battery lasts a very long time. Its the best. I have used other units before that lasted a little longer but this unit lasts a long time and is very quiet.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this monitor for a few years now and have never been disappointed in it. I have no problem with it's image quality or color depth. I'm currently using it as a laptop monitor as well. It's pretty nice.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this because it looked very similar to my old Dell XPS 15 laptop. I have never used a laptop in my life that was this easy to use. The monitor is very bright and the keyboard is very comfortable. The screen resolution is amazing. The only downside is the fact that it comes with an external keyboard, but if you don't need it, I don't see why you would buy it. If you want the ultimate laptop experience, get the 15.6" or 17" screen. I also bought a Samsung 27" monitor that is also very good. If I was to do it again, I would get the one with the USB 2.0 port instead of the one that only has USB 1.1. It is a good looking laptop, very well built and feels really high quality.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the money.  The sound is loud enough to make your room sing.    If your looking for a sound like a cheap cd player but with more power then the koa pro is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S4 for my wife as she is a big fan of the Samsung Galaxy devices. I had read good reviews about the device and decided to go ahead and purchase it. I was very impressed by the design of the device, it is sleek and very sturdy. It comes with a large battery that I am sure is not included in the price, so I decided to purchase a rechargeable battery as well. I have also heard great things about the Samsung screen quality. When I got the phone, it was just what I was looking for. I used it for a few weeks and have no complaints. I will definitely buy another device from Samsung in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is very nice. The design is really nice and the buttons are very good.  The display is very bright.   I am happy with my purchase.  The other good thing is that the cable is not too long.  It is easy to plug and unplug.  I use it to charge my tablet and the battery lasts for days.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.......................................................  It's amazing how good this unit is for the money! The first one I purchased was for a small application on my main computer and I love it.   My main computer doesn't have a DVD drive and I bought this unit to replace it. I don't have any complaints about this unit and I have bought 2 of them so far.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought a couple of these. They have a good sound and they are pretty small so they dont take up a lot of space. i would definately buy another one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  The most powerful music device ever made. I've owned many other devices and this one is THE best, hands down.   The sound quality is very good and I love that it has a built in compressor and EQ and the built in effects/effects loops make it a very easy to use device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I got this device for my daughter because she is learning to read. I'm sure she will enjoy it. The sound is excellent. I wish I had bought one years ago. It's good to be able to hear what is going on in the room. It would be better if it came with a manual but it does everything it says it will do.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I purchased this device to replace my old one because it did not do the job and also needed a new battery. It works well but is a bit pricy. I purchased a 2 year warranty as a "bonus" and it has served me well. I just purchased a second battery to go with this one and it is so much better. The battery life is very good and the audio quality is much better than my old.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ I love the Sennheiser Momentum 3.2 and can't wait to buy more. The Sennhesier engineers did a superb job. The noise cancelling is outstanding. You can't go wrong with this one. _________  The sound is amazing. I'm in love with this. __________________________  I've used a lot of different earphones over the years but this is the best. I love it! _________________________  "The sound quality is very good. You really don't know what you're missing out on when it comes to quality sound quality. The volume of the sound is also amazing. The bass is not as heavy as the others but its still pretty good. The mids are pretty good and the treble is a bit more than a tad bright for my taste. The build quality is pretty good as well. I've had a couple of them break and have been buying replacements for a long time. The comfort is good. It is very comfortable in the ears. It fits pretty tight and doesn't move around much. It's not really big enough for a large ear cup so I got the small size which fits perfectly. It does get hot if you wear it too long and you have to use your phone to listen to music but I can live with that."  ___________  This is my second purchase of this product. I am very happy with my purchases. The sound quality, comfort and build quality are all great. _________________ - The SENNheiser P3 is one of the best sounding earphones I have ever used. It sounds amazing. ________________________________________________  "The sound stage is really big. There is so much in it. The vocals are clear, clear and rich. The guitars are also clear and well defined. The drums are great and full. The background sounds are all there, not too many effects or anything. I think the soundstage is really good. I have never heard such a big sound stage. It comes on really loud and gives you that extra bit of power. You get so much for your money. The only thing is that the build quality of the earphones is really cheap. I guess that is just the price you pay for SennH. This is just a good earphone, no need to buy a different one. But I would say that the P3 for sure beats the SONY MDR-1000X or any of
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought a refurbished Sony CD player for $75. I wanted to be able to play my favorite old vinyl records, and this little guy works like a charm. It's very quiet, and it has an optical sound card that will make your records sound much better. It is a good value for the money. This is a pretty decent quality player. It has a built-in CD changer which I found very useful. The buttons on the player are very responsive and are easy to use. It also has a 2-inch LCD screen, which is great. The only problem I have is that there is no way to set the speed. The unit does not have an on-off switch and you have to turn it on manually. Great player, but I would like it to have an option for speed control. The volume control on the CD player does not work as a level control. I'm used to a player with a speed control for volume. Excellent product. The CD player has excellent sound quality. I bought it because I can't find an optical drive on my computer. I was pleasantly surprised that I could get a CD player with an optical disk drive. I love it. Very nice. I purchased this as a gift to a friend who was having trouble with the old CD players. It works well. I have a Sony computer, and I use it to listen to my CDs. I've been using this player for about a year, and have had no problems with it at all. I highly recommend it. It really makes listening to music a lot more fun. Good looking player. Great sound. I have two of them now. One is for the music I listen to and the other is for music that I do not like. You can use this with the computer as well as the stereo. The sound quality is pretty good, but it can be loud. I use mine at my work. I can use it with the CD changers but they're not loud enough. The player works great and doesn't require any external power. The speakers are good too. The two little buttons on top work fine. Nice looking player and nice speakers. The plastic case is a little cheap. I would not recommend it to anyone. It will get beat up.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really like the P3, I've got it to do two things for me: - Play music (from my computer) - Play games (from a laptop) - Watch movies (from an ipod). The games are simple, but fun. I've had the P2 for a couple years, and have loved it. I got the P5 for my brother, and he's happy with it too. It does what it's supposed to do, and the price is right. It's a good buy, especially when you factor in the battery life. The only thing I wish was a little better is that it was wireless. But that's just a minor complaint.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased the D-pad on the idea that it might have been the best thing to happen to my gaming experience. It's perfect. The controls are responsive and easy to get used to. The only thing I don't like is the plastic on the bottom of the device is prone to being broken off easily. The D-Pad is a little bit too light. The sticks on the top can be difficult to grip at times and can be a little difficult to find if you're not looking for them. The fact that you can adjust the height of the Dpad really makes a difference.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have had my epson inkjet printer for about a year now and it is working perfectly. I have found that when you buy the paper from them, it is the best price on the net. The paper comes out very crisp and clean and has a great amount of detail on the page. I print about 5 pages at a time on it and have been very happy with it. The only thing I would suggest is that they add a more vibrant color to the paper, it just doesn't look as good as the picture in the product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I use my iPod/MP3 player for music and podcasts and the player is easy to use and has great sound. I recommend this to all my friends!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is easy to set up and it has a nice display screen. The software is easy too. I would recommend this product for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: *********I received my Bose Soundlink 2 for Christmas and I am very happy with the product. It does not take up much room in my bedroom and I find that the bass is very well controlled. I also like that I can set it to my preferred setting (music to quiet) and I can adjust the bass volume to suit my taste. It is quite easy to setup as I have an easy-to-use button on the side. The sound quality is great and I have used it a few times. Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase and will definitely recommend it to others.*********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is a good little tool for the job. It works very well and is very easy to use. I have it set to charge my cell phone at night and it does a great job of keeping it charged. I really like the fact that it has a timer on it to let you know when to charge it. It comes with a charger and an AC adapter that you can use to charge a laptop if you want. If you have a battery or two on hand, it's a great addition to the tool box.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Merv from Awesome! We used this to charge our cell phone. I had to use the wall outlet, which is the only place to charge the device without running the risk of it dying. The tool does what it is supposed to do. We will use this tool a lot more.  "Not so fast" It's been over a month since I got this and I still can't get it to charge. After trying to charge in a couple different places, this is where I am stuck. If I plug it into a wall outlet it will charge, but when I plug the charger into the wall, it won't charge. The charging indicator says it's charging, but the indicator is not lit. The charger also doesn't charge at all when I try to use it on a laptop. I am really bummed because I really needed this tool for my job and now I'm stuck without it. In addition, the USB port is not always a good idea. I've had some problems connecting the USB adapter to the wall when I've been at work. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this as an alternative to the xtremophile or iem, but also a good quality one. For me it's the same as the ivems or iems in terms of sound quality, but a bit more compact, especially in the bass. The sound quality is the same or better than the ives, but in a very compact package. The volume control is really useful and the buttons are a bit mushy and difficult to press. You may also like this because it has an integrated usb port for external audio sources. The only negative about it is that it's not a good value for the money. I'm really surprised that the ixonic or ies or ips aren't more popular. I don't have any problem with the sound quality but the price is not justified by the quality. I will continue to buy from ixonics and ips, but I hope that these companies are able to bring the price down or add better features.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a very good product, if you want to keep your hands free you can carry it around. The batteries last a very long time and the sound quality is excellent. I also like the fact that it's a universal adapter so you can use it with most devices. Overall I recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just bought this thing a few weeks ago and it has been my new main monitor since I had it. The only complaint I have is that the monitor itself is not very big but since it is the monitor it does fit a lot better then the older monitor I had that was more like a laptop that was not that big.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The best battery charger I have ever bought. It works perfectly and it is extremely easy to use. I will never be without it. I have a small tablet and the small battery only lasts me about two hours. This charger works better than any other I have tried and it does a great job. Highly recommend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased a ZX Spectrum with the intention of getting an MP3 player for my son. I was initially hesitant about the price, but the package was very well packaged and the product was exactly what I was looking for. I am very pleased with my purchase. I have a Zilog ZX-10 which I have had for several years. I got the 1040, and have been using it a lot. The sound quality is good and the sound is crisp. I've had this with a couple of different software programs and it has been working perfectly. The ZX's are the best sounding computers I have ever had, bar none. I also have a Spectrum Plus which I use for games and the Sound Blaster II. The Sound Blaster sounds better than the Spectrum Plus and I love the fact that it's a standalone unit. My only complaint is that the ZX has a shorter battery life than the others in the series, but I can live with that. I'm happy to have the extra functionality of a sound board, and it works well with the other computers. Excellent, and at a very reasonable price.  It is a shame that the old, expensive sound chips used on the Z80, and the Amstrad CPC, did not get a modern upgrade, because their sound quality was absolutely excellent.   I bought a new Spectrum Plus because I wanted to play some old games (like "Sid Meier's Civilization") on my ZX (the old system didn't have the original game ROMs) and the Spectrum's sound is great.  The Z80 was the best computer ever made, period. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I have this monitor for my gaming. It's a good quality monitor. I would say the best part of it is that you can adjust the refresh rate to get the smoothest image you want. It was very smooth when I played on it. However, when playing it at the higher resolutions (4k), the image looked jaggy. It didn't have the same quality as a 60hz monitor. Overall, I would recommend this monitor. --------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm extremely pleased with my purchase of this device and would highly recommend it.  The only reason I'm giving this a four is because it took me a while to figure out the proper size to fit in my device.    I'm an older man (64 yrs.) and the smallest size fits me great.  I have had no trouble with it at all and my wife is happy with it as well.   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 1386  Reviewed: 2013-07-19 By:Family pet. Family pet. . , this product is very easy to use, and the colors are so nice and vibrant. The sound is excellent. I have been using it for about a week and am very pleased with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's been a year and a half since I first purchased this device. I've had no issues at all. This has been a wonderful tool. It's great for reading the newspaper and the tablet is easy to use. It has the features that I like but the price is right. If you are in the market for a new electronic device that is reliable and well made, look no further. This is the one. I am a professional computer technician and this is the only thing I carry with me all the time. I wish I could buy one for my son but he would have to spend a fortune.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's easy to use, easy to setup, and easy to maintain. It's good for a beginner as it gives you the basics. I recommend this to anyone who wants to get into computer gaming, or to someone who is trying to learn how to program in the computer language.   I wish the manual was more clear and concise but if you read the manual and understand the commands, you shouldn't have too much trouble using the device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent, well designed, well built, simple and easy to use.  Great for all your audio needs. , May 29, 2018
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this device for a month and it works great. Its good enough to use in my office. Its cheap and easy to use. ive been using it for work and not once has the computer crashed. It runs like a charm. its not the greatest but i am happy with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is my new favorite electronic device! It is very quiet, very easy to operate, and it's just great! I love the touch screen and the way it works. The only thing I don't like about it is that the power is limited and I can't get the battery out of the case to recharge it. It doesn't look like it has a removable battery and I don�t want to have to get the other end of the cable out to charge it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     Pros: Easy to use, has a decent built quality Cons: none
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I am very happy with this product! It's easy to use, simple to install, and the color is perfect. I recommend it to everyone!  Good quality and value:!!!!I've used my BCD600 on a few different systems and I've been very satisfied with both the quality and the value. The price and quality is well worth the money. I'm very happy that I got it for such a good price.  Great for the price:!!!!!The BCD500 is a great little board for a few bucks! It will do the job for most of what I need.  in a small footprint: !!!!This is a nice little board. I installed it on a 4GB SD card, it works just as well as the BCD5100 that I've had for over a year. The small size is perfect for the small footprint that I have in my car. The board is easy to put together, but does have a few parts that need to be soldered to the board, but they are easy to do. The solder joints on the board are not perfectly round, but if you do not mind that they are still easy to work with. In conclusion:!!!!!!!!!!!!This was a great deal, especially if you are considering getting an SD card reader. It is very compact, very simple to use and is very easy to install. The only complaint I have about this product is that there are no USB ports on the side, but you can use a USB keyboard. Bought it for a small child. Easy to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  The new iMac is an amazing computer. I use it as a home theater PC, and it is a great upgrade over my old desktop. I have had no problems with the display or the performance so far.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome device. It's very powerful. It also is very easy to use. I am very satisfied with this product. It is not just an electronic calculator. It does a great job of calculating a lot of things in a very easy and intuitive way. The only thing that is not so great is that the program is somewhat difficult to read and read often looks like it is a little confusing. Overall a good product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really enjoy my TRS-80. It's a lot of fun to program it and play with the features, even if I have to pay a bit more to do so. I love the fact that it has 8 KBytes of RAM.  It's also easy to program.   I really enjoyed the use of the "F1" key on the keyboard.  The TRS is a joy to program, but I prefer the keyboard of the TRS, in fact I prefer it to the original TRS.  I don't use the "W" key much.  It's not a great key to use because the "S" key is not as easy to use as on the original.  The original T-80, with it's black case and black keyboard, was a great machine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The battery life on this was very good. I bought this to get the extra battery in my laptop and it was very convenient. I didn't expect it to last the night but it did and the battery charge indicator was on the screen all the way through. Rated 4 out of 5 by SteveM from Excellent product I am very happy with this product. I have been using it to recharge my phone for about a week now and so far so good. My wife loves that it looks like a phone. The only downside is that the battery life was just under 3 hours, but that is a good thing.  Rated 5 out of5 by Darryl from Works great. This is a very good charger and the screen does not fog up after a week of usage.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this to use as a portable MP3 player. It is very good quality. It plays my iPod very well and is small and light. The sound quality is very clear and loud. The unit is easy to set up. I have it hooked up to my PC with a cable and have been able to stream the music through a windows media center without any issues. I would definitely recommend this product!  Product: A-10 Warthog Review - James S. I bought a new Warthogs today. I've been using my old one for years. This is an excellent product. I used it on a two-way radio and it was a huge step in the right direction. I'm still waiting to hear from my dealer if I can get this unit to play my iPod's but this is certainly better than the old unit. The new one is very quiet when playing. The controls are a little tricky to get used to but once you get them down you can use it to its fullest potential. I was able to get a good bit of sound out of my iPod, but I would still recommend the older model.  Customer Service: ------------I purchased a new A-11 but it's a bit hard to set it up. The manual is not very clear. I followed the directions on the box. I could not figure out how to turn on the microphone, but after a few tries, I found the controls. I also had a problem with the button on the bottom of the unit. It has a "click" to it when you turn it on and off. I didn't get it to turn off when I tried it with a different button on my radio. The next step was to buy a new mic, but my radio has one already. I had to pay for a new radio mic and a new remote control. I am a satisfied customer.    I have been using this product for over a month and I'm satisfied. I can use my iPod with this and my computer. I like the sound quality of this unit. I only wish it had a more long lasting battery life.  in addition, the A-1 unit works well in the car with the iPod. I use the A1 in my car to listen to music. The A-9 works great too. This product is a great addition to my aircraft. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is an excellent device. I can watch my favorite movies and television shows in a way that is better than any cable box. I have the DVD Player and I am so happy that I have a remote control for it. This product has been a great buy for me and my family!  Great Value: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This device is really a joy to use, it is great and it does exactly what I wanted it to do.  I really wish they would make the screen backlight a bit brighter, but for the price it's a really good device.    The one thing I don't like about it is the size, the buttons are really tiny and the device is way too large for my hand.   This is one of the better looking devices, if only it had a back light, I would give it 5 stars, and the design of the case is great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's an awesome little device and the screen is nice and bright. I just wish the app had more features.   For example, I really like how easy it is to share videos to social media. However, the videos don't always have audio.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this for the past few weeks and it has done what it says it will do. Its been working for me at my home computer and it doesnt leave a burning smell like some of the other units that i have used over the years. This unit also works with a usb keyboard so you can use the keyboard while it is charging. You cant go wrong with this one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from I have been using the new iPad 2 with my MacBook Pro for over a year and it is a fantastic computer. The performance is great, the display is great and the battery life is great. The keyboard is very easy to use and the touch screen is a lot of fun to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very good quality for a reasonable price. I got this for my wife to help her get into home automation and it was perfect. It works great for her.  I think I will buy one for myself next time I am going to a store and looking for something to help me get home at night. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great deal I bought this to control my lights and it works great!  Rated 3 out of 4 by Anonymous-Pete from The light is ok The light on the remote control has a few problems, it's not dimming when the light is off. Also the remote is just a little big so it takes up a lot of space.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's not that the sound quality of this little device is bad, but you will miss the old days of having a good solid stereo speaker. The speaker is ok, but doesn't do anything great. For the price, I would pay extra for something like a JBL or a good set of speakers.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, March 19, 2017  Very good for the money  by John from Fort Lauderdale FL USA  Review: I have been looking for a decent stereo for a few years and the JBL P7 is just what I wanted. It has the sound that you would expect from a good stereo system. I like the bass and the highs and I do have some distortion. I'm a bit disappointed in the power, the speakers are so small that it's barely noticeable. I do love the remote. I wish there were more options but this is a good system for the price. I will probably buy a second one for my son's room. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- The new iPhone 5s is a fantastic product and an upgrade from my previous model. I have been using my iPhone for 2 years and I can tell you that I have never experienced such a smooth and smooth performance. The phone is fast and responsive and the camera is also very good. This is the best iPhone I have ever owned and the price is right too. This product is worth every penny.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mckay from It's the same as the original. I bought this one for my husband. I don't want to spend extra on an extra one. It is great. , I've had a Samsung phone for a couple of years and wanted a change. I've owned the iPhone 5 for a little over a month and can say this is as good as the one I got a couple years ago. I'm glad to have a new phone. I just purchased a Google Nexus 6P which is much more powerful and more powerful than my iPhone 5.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I bought the JBL CX300 for a wedding last year and it was a big hit. The speakers are huge and clear, the bass is huge and deep, and the highs are very clear and well defined. I love the sound. The only thing that I would change is that there is no subwoofer on the JB. I had an old Sony BVM1000S and it did great but not the same. I was really looking forward to using a sub but I have to say that the CX is a lot better in this aspect. I also love the wireless feature. I just got the remote and it is really easy to use. I would highly recommend this if you are looking for a good wireless system for your party.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The sound quality is great. The only thing is that the speaker is very small, it is barely audible and the volume is very low. I bought the headset because I had no idea what the sound was like. I thought I'd buy a more expensive headset because of the sound quality, but after reading the reviews I am not sure I will buy it again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  by Anonymous on 07/30/2012 from Rochester, NY Good device, works fine. I have had no problems with it.  Review of DJI Phantom 2 Pro Quadcopter Review by Brian on 05/26/2012 byon 05/30-2012 Great device. Great for the price!  Great product Review by Matt on 05 the 24th, 2012 from Houston, TX Awesome product. Easy to set up, easy to fly. Can't ask for much more.  and I'm still learning with the different modes!  the best value in a quadcopter! . . I was looking at buying this drone for a while now, but had to wait for the DJI Goggles to be available in the store. The Goggles are awesome! They come with all the necessary hardware (flight controller and goggles) to fly, and the gopro is awesome. It is very small, which is a huge benefit for the time I spent learning how to fly it. The gopros have been awesome so far!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was easy to set up and works well. The buttons and switches are easy to push and operate. The software is easy to use. My only problem is that it is so loud when it's running. I use it for music but not much else. The sound is ok but I like to have it muted when I am working on my computer. I would definitely recommend this item.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------This was a great upgrade to my old computer. It was a bit more complicated than I expected it to be, but it was worth it. It has some pretty cool features, like you can connect up to 4 external hard drives, which is a first for my computer. I can now run multiple programs at once, like my e-book reader, my gaming console, and my music player all at once! I am a little worried that the hard drive connector might not be that long, but I haven't had it long enough to know how well it holds up. I love the built in battery, I use it all the time. This is the first time I have bought an item and immediately regretted it. I've seen reviews about the product not working, so I was worried it wouldn't. But it was very easy to hook up and is working perfectly. So much better than my old one. I highly recommend this product, and I am glad to have found a good brand!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I am amazed that this product can still be used with this much technology and I am amazed at the performance of the radio. I use it at home to talk to my daughter about school and other things. It is very loud, clear and very easy to use. It's a great gift for your older child!  No, but I am very satisfied I am pleased with my radio. It has a very crisp sound. I have a car stereo and have had problems with the sound being muffled and distorted. This radio is much louder than that. It also has a great sound quality. It does get very hot when it's in the car. However, it is not uncomfortable. My wife loves it. It doesn't get in the way when she is driving. I am going to order another for my wife.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this device for a few years now and have had no problems with it. It works well, the battery is a great size, and the audio is very good. I also like the fact that the remote can be turned off with a simple push of a button. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The sound quality is excellent and I was able to make a very clear conversation with a stranger. I was impressed by the ability of the speaker to get my speech through, even when the volume was turned way up. The buttons on the speaker are easy to operate and the speaker is very easy to put on or off. I would definitely buy another.   Did you find this helpful? 0 of 0 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Mauricio  5  Reviewed by:from on 4/7/2015
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my iphone 4S for its amazing camera features. It's a great little camera that will take any type of photo you can imagine.  The camera is fast and has great picture quality.  I'm happy with my  iPhone 4S.  It's the best iphones iphon  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The new DSP-L-100 has excellent features. I was looking for a digital compressor with good analog style filters. This unit is great for that and a lot more. The unit has the "D" in it, so I was thinking of a digital to analog converter. But it really doesn't take an analog converter to have a great compressor. I think the "E" is the analog mode and it is nice to have that "L" on the label. I use a couple of different compressors but this is my go-to compressor.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a very cool little computer, and if I were looking for a computer with a lot of power, this is the one for me. I'm pretty much a no-nonsense person, and I'm happy to have an electronic device that does all of that, and then some. It's a little loud, but if you're working in a room with a big TV, you may not care. If you're like me and like the sound of a lot more than the sounds of your speakers, then this might not be the device for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!  I have had this for about 2 years now, and have been extremely happy with it. I have only had the battery life on my iPod, and I have the iphone 4 with it, so it is hard to compare apples to apples but I have found that the ikea has a better battery life, as does my macbook pro. The ikeas battery lasts about 5 hours, and my mac does it about 6 hours. I am very happy with my ike a ikonos and the ease of use and the quality of the products.  Rated 5 out of 5 by RtK from Best portable mp3 player ike has ever made I've had an ike phone for many years now. I just bought the ikes portable iphon a couple of days ago. This is the best iphones I have ever owned. I also love ikes audio products and have purchased several sets. The quality of this iphono is outstanding. It has great sound and play time. I can listen to the same mp3 files on both iphons.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "They do not make them like they used to. But we are back in business."
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!This is a great unit for the price. I have used a lot of devices in the past but this one is the best of them all. It's super simple to use and very stable. The only thing I would change would be to make it a little louder. That said I'm very happy with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________ My iDevice 5c has been a great purchase. The touch screen is easy to use, and is accurate. I was initially concerned that it was a cheap product because the manufacturer didn't mention the cost in the description. But, the company sent me a prepaid shipping label for the item, which is a plus. The screen is very bright and crisp. The volume controls are easy to operate, and the speakers are very loud. The only thing I would change is the screen on the back is very glossy. The glass on the front is also very glossy, but the back of the screen is much more matte. I think this is due to the glass having to reflect back some light, making it more reflective than it should be. But for the price, I am very happy with this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! This is the best thing i ever bought my daughter i got the Xtreme sound system and it is so nice! The only thing is that there is no headphone jack and the sound is not as good but that is just a minor thing. I am very happy with this purchase and i recommend this product to everyone!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good unit that I have used many times and never had any issues with it. It's a very quiet unit and you get a good amount of headroom. The remote is very good too. I haven't had a chance to compare it to the DPA 100 but I have been using this unit for about a month. I have tried it on both my Yamaha HS-15 (DPA 100) and my KEF LS70. The HS-5 is definitely my favorite out of the two. This unit is also more compact than the 100, which is good because you can get a lot of room for your music on the smaller unit. It is not as heavy or as big as the 100 but for the price you can't go wrong with either unit. I'm giving it 4 stars just because the DAP's sound really different than the DSP units. The DPA is a lot more bass heavy than the other units and the sound can be a bit tinny and thin. The LS70 is a little better than the others but still the best of the lot in my opinion.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** The product is well built and very easy to use. The only reason for 3 stars is that the USB cable is very short, which is a problem if you want to be able to use the device with a long USB cable. The product works very well for me but I would buy a longer one if I could.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 4.0   I bought this to replace an iPhone 4 that was broken by the time I got it home. The 4 is much better than the 3, and more compact than the 4.   Overall I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very fast shipping and excellent product. The speed with which I received the package was beyond my expectations. It arrived on time and was in perfect condition. I have used this product in all my electronic applications and I have no complaints.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought a pair of these to put in my stereo speakers. They work great, no need to go to an amp, just plug in and you're good to go.   My only issue is they are only 1/4" thick and that is only because they are a good quality of product. If they had a 1/8" thickness, I would not be able to use them.  My first pair of speakers for my stereo. They're great. Love them. The only thing I could suggest is a more durable casing. The screws that hold them in are all very tight and if you were to drop your speaker on the floor they would break very easily. 's  The Bose is the most well designed speaker I have ever owned. The bass is incredibly deep and crisp, the highs are extremely punchy and smooth, and they don't leak at all. They have an incredibly high quality finish, with no discernable flaws. They also don't seem to pick up much distortion at all, or any distortion at least in comparison to other speakers I have. They sound so good in my living room, that I just had to have them in my car, and in my bedroom. I'm so happy with these speakers, I don't think I'll be buying another set of speakers this size, or anything else in the future. .  to buy.  in the USA, these are only $39.95 and shipped free.  of these in the world, they are $250.00 and shipping takes 2 weeks. The good thing is that they come with an extension cable so you can run them into a stereo or receiver and you can hook up your amp right to them, so you don't need an amp. In the USA the shipping is $8.95 but in the rest of the world it's $20.00. That's a big difference, but hey they're cheap and you don's t have to pay the extra shipping fee.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.................................................This is a wonderful device. I'm not a heavy duty user but it is very versatile and very convenient. I use it at work and at home. The only issue is that you have to be careful about the polarity. You must keep the battery in the up position to charge it. It is very convenient for a weekend trip and works great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the most useful and best computer I have used so far. I can't believe I have been waiting this long to buy it. The first time I plugged it in, I didn't have a problem with it but I plugged a laptop in with a video card and it wasn't plugged in so I had to use a usb cable. It turned on fine and everything is great. I highly recommend this product.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good computer for the money I purchased the computer in August 2015 for a birthday gift for my daughter. The computer was in perfect working order from the day it was delivered. The only issue I had was the computer would not turn on when I turned on my printer. It was working fine before the printer and the computer had the same issue. I would buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned this device for 2 months and its the best i've ever owned. my computer has a broken keyboard but this one is the best. if your on a tight budget, dont waste your money. if youre an audiophile this is the device for you. and a bonus: the sound is great.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: e-music
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this unit for over a month now and its great. It does what it's supposed to do. The only reason i didnt give it five stars is the sound isnt great. I use this in my studio and it's just not as good as my amp. I have a soundcard that can drive these and i get a much better sound. But i wouldnt buy this if you want it to sound like a pro.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the Sennheiser HD 280 Pro Wireless in-ear monitor.  It is not only comfortable, but has an amazing audio quality.  This product has replaced my previous in-ears, and is definitely my favorite in-Ear.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------I purchased this as my second electronic device and bought the 2 for my kids as well as my husband. They all love them! The sound quality is great and the ease of use is excellent. The only thing is the batteries are expensive and have to be replaced every couple of years.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     I really enjoy the sound of the speaker, although it is a little louder than I like. It is a good price, and I have not had any problems. I also like that the power cord has a plug in and a cord out. Also, the remote is very good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the new V20.  It's a beautiful device.  I've had the V20 for about a week now and I can already tell a difference in my life.   I just got the iphone app and i have to say that the ics is the way to go!    The software is easy to use and the app works great.  The quality is good as well.  So far I have no complaints.  The V20 is a great device for the price!  The ics app is great and I have to tell you that i like it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the second computer I have purchased from Lian Li. The first was an Intel i7 laptop with an HD Graphics 4000. The second is an Asus X550LA laptop with a Intel i5-4300M processor. Both of these laptops are excellent performers. They are well built and have an amazing price. I am very happy with my purchases.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome laptop for the price!! This laptop is amazing for the money. It has a really nice keyboard, and is very light. I had to buy a keyboard mat and the extra cables for my motherboard and sound card but other than that, everything was fine. I highly recommend this laptop to anyone who wants a quality laptop for a good price.  for a great deal and excellent performance  From the first moment I plugged this computer into the wall and opened the box, I knew it was something special. I have a Lenovo Y50 laptop and a Lian-Li T60p laptop. This computer is by far the best of both. It is quiet and fast, and the build quality is outstanding. I was a bit concerned about buying a laptop from China and not being able to get some of the local options in the U.S. (such as a better keyboard or a better screen) but I found those out on my second day of use. The only reason I gave this a 4 is that I found that my monitor did not work out of the box. It was plugged into the wrong port. I just contacted the Lian li support and they sent me a monitor which works out of box. I would highly recommend Lian lian li laptops.  and very satisfied.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's a great device to take on trips or anywhere else you want to have a good quality sound system.  I like how the subwoofer can be turned up and down without having to turn the volume down. :  Overall: This is a good portable bass amp. I like that it is a high quality and inexpensive product. I am not sure about its ability to play a large amount of music and keep it well organized. This could be a good unit for an office or at a party for a small group. I would suggest this for anyone who wants to have decent sound in a small package.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for a Christmas gift to a friend. I had to use it the first time for a quick check-up on the cable, but I was pleased with the service.  After that, I'm going to use the wireless connection for all of my online shopping. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I'm so glad I bought this. I like to watch movies and this is the best for that. I'm not a huge fan of the sound quality but it is what it is. It's a nice way to listen to music. I also like that it can be used for other things too. It has a great feature to turn it on and off without opening the box. I would recommend it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great sound quality for a good price I purchased this for my new tv because i wanted a good sound system without spending a lot of money. i have been looking at a few different ones and this one came out as the best. it is not overpriced and comes with a ton of accessories. i am very happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this about a month ago and it has done very well in its use.  It has kept my old laptop running like a champ and it's small and lightweight.   Have a good day!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this laptop for about a month and have only had it once, it has been great and has served me well in my daily needs.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to play my Sony PS3 on and it works great, but the sound is a bit lacking. I have had other audio cables in the past, and have never had any problems with them. However, this cable doesn't sound as good as I would like it to. The sound quality is ok, but it could use a little more punch. It has a nice volume and the price is good for the quality. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The EeeBook 4 is a good device. I used it for a while and then the hard drive was completely corrupted. I contacted e-bay and they sent me a replacement. The replacement worked out great and the Eeebook 4 is still going strong.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this product for my 13 year old son for his birthday. He loves it. It is small and easy to use and has the power he needs to play. He also uses it to help him focus during math classes. He gets a kick out of turning it on and off. He really likes the touch screen.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    If you have a computer that's a little older and you don't need the latest and greatest from Dell, you can't go wrong with this. It has the features I need, is easy to set up, and comes with the latest software. I have been using this for almost a year now and have had no problems at all. I love the included screen. It's nice and bright and doesn't flicker. This computer also comes with a CD with some of my favorite games and other goodies. I highly recommend this computer.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Excellent, easy to use product. The unit works great and has been working for about a week now. I have used it in the field with a 2.4ghz device and it has worked great. I also purchased a wireless USB antenna which works great too. I will be buying another one soon.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This thing is great! It works perfectly and is so easy to use. The only thing is, it has a little too much battery power to really get the most from it. However, the battery lasts quite a while on a single charge. The sound quality is great. I highly recommend this device!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I bought this because my wife is going to the store for a printer and wanted a printer that could also be used for copier/scanner work. The only problem I have with this is that the scanner has a very large scanner port on the bottom of it, and it does not work well with a PC running a scanner program like ScanMaker. If you want to use a PC for scanning you will have to have a special scanner card. This scanner works well for printing and it comes with the appropriate software. The paper quality is very good. I used it to scan a document, and I think it is better than any scanner I have used. The price is very reasonable. If this is what you want, you are going to get a good deal. *****  I just wanted to say that the purchase of this scanner was excellent. It was delivered very quickly, and the scanner is easy to use and simple to use. I am very pleased with my purchase and will be purchasing again. I'm also looking forward to using it to print the manuals that my company provides for their employees.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this product a couple of times now. the screen is bright and crisp and the sound is loud and clear. it is good for reading and watching videos. it has a few cons: the charging port on the bottom is pretty hard to access, but it doesnt bother me at all. the battery life is decent, but if you're a gamer, you probably wont be using it much.  Great Buy! Great phone at a great price. It's been almost 2 years since i purchased my phone so it's a bit older. but for the price i don't mind. its got a nice screen, great audio and is super easy to use. I use the camera a lot and it has good image quality. it's the only phone i have and its a great phone! i highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good keyboard and a very efficient and fast typing machine. It is very easy to use, and is quite good at providing a consistent typing experience even with multiple keyboards (i.e. my keyboard is broken and it works very well with this one, although there are a couple of quirks like the way the keys can sometimes be slightly misaligned). The only drawback is the number of times I have to replace it because the batteries die too quickly (one day I had the keyboard working fine for 2 days, then a day later the batteries died and I had to replace them) but I'm sure I'll have to buy a new keyboard before too long.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of equipment that I love to use. It is fast and it works as expected. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for an electronic device for a car or motorcycle.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This product is a great deal, and is really nice to listen to on the move. I don't know if I would go through all the trouble of building a decent portable amp with this one, but it's a good solution. I also like that it can be powered by a 9V battery if I need a little more power, or if I want to use a battery charger. Overall, it's pretty good. ---------------  Rated 4 out of 5 by James from Very good audio I have been using this product for a couple of weeks now. I have found that it is very good for audio and I like the fact that the output is very low. It is loud and clear.  The only thing that I do not like is that the case is not as strong as I expected.  is not very robust. but I did expect a bit more than what I got.  the unit is very solid, and I find it very useful. . ,  ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good device. I purchased this because of the fact that I was looking for an inexpensive electronic that would work well. It was very easy to set up and use. I like the fact it comes with a small screwdriver and a screwdriver. I also like the color. It has a very attractive blue and green. I use it for my car stereo and it is just fine. The sound quality is good and the price is very reasonable. I recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted an inexpensive electronic player and it has served me well for several years now. I have played with it quite a bit, even at night with the lights off.  It plays most of the songs I've bought on it. _________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the look and feel of this device. The buttons are small and easy to find but the sound is very clear and clear. It has lots of features but I use it only to listen to music. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent piece of equipment.  It is extremely durable, and it is a very cool looking piece of kit.    It is extremely easy to use, and I find myself using it all the time.  This device is very easy to set up, and there is a good tutorial on the internet.  I do have a few things that could be better, but I would recommend this to anyone that wants to make a video.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The best product for the price, i have one and it works very well. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good inexpensive tool. I also have a 2nd one that i use when i want to test it before I use it.  I like this device. The only thing I don't like is the way the controls are set up. There are only three switches, which means the controls can be hard to figure out, if you're not used to them. But it's not that big of a deal, since it only takes about a minute or two to figure it out. I use this on my computer, a small portable computer I keep in my pocket. It's a nice and compact device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is a really nice, sturdy device. It fits in my front pocket perfectly. The built in rechargeable battery lasts for about a year (my iPhone 7 lasts about two months before needing a recharge) and is more than enough to last me a day. The buttons are easy to press. It does take some getting used to, but that's how you learn. I was pleasantly surprised with the build quality of the device. I bought it for a party and didn't want to carry around a phone or laptop. I am very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend this to a friend.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this as a daily driver and it's not even that noisy, I have the same speakers and it works perfectly. I like the sound and it seems to be pretty stable I've owned the SONY DSC-RX1000 for a while now, I got the X-pro2 and used the XD2 but I wanted something more powerful and a better mic so I got this.  The sound quality is very good.    I use the mic on a Sony XDR-S8 and the sound quality was really great.  It's very nice to have a mic for my camera in a bag that can fit in my pocket and in a case that I can take along with me everywhere I go.  The only downside is that the mic does get a little hot when using it on the camera but it's nothing I can't live with.  I really recommend it to anyone who wants a quality, reliable, and affordable digital audio recorder. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- I was in need of a new portable MP3 player. I had an older model that I never used and wanted to upgrade to a newer model. This one is just what I wanted. It is simple and easy to use. The player plays music that is perfect for listening to on a plane or a long car trip. The battery life is great, and the device is easy to clean. I would definitely recommend this product. It's a little pricy, but worth it. --------------------------- Pros: - Great price - Very small - Small and lightweight Cons: - Only works with iPod nano or older model - A little pricent to use (battery life is not great)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Pulsar 2 is an excellent device, and I would buy it again. It's easy to use, works well, and comes with everything I would need.  I do wish it had a higher volume and I also wish the button didn't require a long press to turn the unit on/off.    I bought this unit to replace a broken unit that I got from a friend who is an electronics tech.  He got me this one because it was in a box and it was pretty new.  This is an easy device to use and I can use it for a few hours a day without having to think about it.  I am so pleased with it!  I do recommend this unit over my old unit, but this one does have a few things I would like to see changed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item from B&H a few months ago. I used it a few times. The unit worked for about 6 months before it stopped working, but I bought a new one. The other reviewer mentioned that there are a lot of different color options. I got the pink and blue. The pink is nice, but there are just way too many options to keep track of. I have the pink color, and the blue is too bright, and has a blueish tone to it. There is also a lot that is wrong with it. The battery doesn't last very long, and it's not very loud when it's on. There are no batteries to replace, it's just a battery. I would recommend this to someone who wants to buy an inexpensive electronic device that works.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I'm a newbie to DSLR photography and i'm happy with this product!   I was skeptical about this purchase, but i did my homework and decided to give it a shot. I bought this camera from the local Best Buy for $350. The camera came with the 1.5" Micro SD card, but that's the only thing i have to complain about. The picture quality is great and it is very easy to use. It has the ability to switch from a standard picture frame to a digital picture frame (i use it as a digital SLR camera) in seconds, so if you are looking for a camera to use as a regular SLR but with a digital image, this is the one for you! I highly recommend this camera!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Bill from Works well for the price This is a good camera. I use it to take photos of my children and the results are good. I am not a professional photographer but it is a nice option for those who want a cheap camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- Great little unit that will give you the freedom to have a lot of fun with a wide variety of electronic devices and the price is excellent.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is a very good computer, a very nice one. The mouse is good but a bit slow. The sound is good and the graphics are nice. I like the way that you can customize the fonts. I would not recommend this computer to a beginner, because it is hard to get into. The computer does not have many memory cards, but there is a good memory card reader that allows you to get a large amount of memory easily. It does not support many video formats (most people have trouble with that), but it can play DVDs. The only thing that bothers me about the computer is that it does not seem to be able to be turned off. I did not like the fact that it is made by an American company, but it is still good and does what it is supposed to do. I will recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good computer for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The best   This device works well with my Samsung Galaxy S3.   It is easy to use and easy to charge.  It does not need batteries to work.  I have been using it for two months and it is still working well.   Works great with the iPhone 5   I was searching for a simple, compact, and durable charging station that was capable of providing the power I need to charge my iPhone 5 while on the go.  This is the best I could find!  It's a little bulky, but fits right in my pocket and charges quickly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! This device is a real blessing to me. The battery life is good for its size, the audio quality is great, and it's so much cheaper than my iPod.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The keyboard is very good and I had no problems with it. It is very easy to use.  Write a negative review about the same device:  I bought this as a gift for my son who was born with a very rare genetic disorder called Trisomy 18. This is a very good keyboard but the "numbers" function is impossible to use on my phone due to a lack of "touch" buttons.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great toy.  The dildo is firm and firm in my hand.  I was not able to take it all the way in at first because the shaft was too wide but after a few minutes I was able to insert it.   It has great head to shaft and the texture is a little bit more girthy.  It feels good to the touch and is very easy to clean.  This is a good toy to buy for anal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using the nighthawk 4gb sd card since my new computer came in. i dont think i could ever go back to the old hard drives or the old pc, especially if i had to purchase a new pc to replace my old one. the sd card is a lot faster, and has more space than a standard 8gb sd. the only downside is the price, but that can be covered with a cheap dvd player if you plan on watching a lot of movies on your computer.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Ayo from Not really a problem... but if you want to save money. The drive is not a big deal as you can upgrade it to 16gb or 32gb and use the internal slot. However, this particular model has only 8gb and there's a small chance of data corruption if you don't use the card to its fullest. That said, I'm not going to buy another 8gb or 16gb one. I don't think I need the extra space. I'm on the 5th gen and don't really need more than 4gb.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It is the perfect soundboard for the price. I've had my Fender Jazzmaster for about a year and the sound is great.   I am using the Fender for playing rock, jazz, and some blues.  The sound quality is pretty good for the money and it is pretty easy to use.  I have been using the soundboard with the amp and can hear the bass and electric guitar very clearly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- Excellent for the price and very small and portable. The only thing I wish they had included was a usb cable to make it compatible with my iPad, I use mine to listen to music from my ipod, and this just isn't for me. I bought two of these and a few other products from these guys, and will definitely purchase again.  Great product! by: Kip - 12/9/2016  Comfort: Durability: Value: This is the best headphone out there, if you have the money for a nice pair, then this is the one.  The first pair I received didn't have a cord that connected to the device, and I was able to plug a usb into the headphones. The second pair came with the cord, but no usb, so I just plugged my computer into the headphone. The last one was a little smaller in the ear but overall they're great! I'm happy I bought these!  Awesome by: JT - 12 and 2/3/2016
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have owned this for over a year now. It is my second digital camera. The first one I bought was a Sony. I've owned this one for almost 3 months now. I bought this because of the size and weight. I really like the size of this. I have a lot of film cameras in my house but this one is my favorite. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of some minor flaws in the image. One thing I've noticed is that the camera takes better images than the Canon. But overall I would recommend this camera.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   If you don't have one, you're missing out! I've had this for a while now and it's been great. I love the ability to add and remove batteries and the fact that it's waterproof. The battery life is pretty good too.  Have a question about the product or want to share a comment about a bad experience:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm new to the electronic world and I was very impressed with my purchase. I was able to connect my iPod to my computer with no issues, no wires to cut, and no fumbling about trying to figure out how to get things to work together. This is a good product and I'll be buying another one for my car and the car in my driveway.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this device for about a month now, and its been great. I have a really hard time sleeping and i dont get much rest at night, but i dont wake up from a good night's sleep. This is my third sleep aid and the first one is working great for me. It's a bit expensive but its worth it.   I also have my daughter and her toddler in my bedroom, so i cant do this by myself. Its a good size and does its job.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I have been very pleased with the performance of my new iLX1. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the battery life is only 3 hours, which is less than average for me. But still, a great unit that I've had to use with my old iL-7, but I think it's worth the price. I think that if you want a small and lightweight solution, the iLx1 is the best option available.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 3g  i use it daily for my cell phone and i find the screen to be very good but the battery life is terrible and you can not get an extra one or 2 as it is not a good deal on this one. the ios 6 is the way to go.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, February 02, 2012  I want a new iMac and I'm a computer junkie. This was the first one I purchased. I have no complaints. I've used it for everything from gaming to email to surfing the web to watching movies. No complaints. .  the screen is good but not as good as my iMac but it's still a good computer. I bought a new one but i cant afford to buy the iMac.  of course this is my opinion but i have been very satisfied with this computer.  with all that said i would like to see a better screen, and better battery life. I can live with the current screen.  for the price and the quality its a great buy.  is this review helpful?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I have an ipod touch.   It has a great feature, that I am glad I got.  It takes up to 2 hours to charge.  This is the first one that has worked flawlessly.  The battery life has never been a problem for me.  I am a huge fan of iphone.  But   This iphono iphones are better.  When you   get a iphonic iphona iphoned iphon,   you  will be glad you got it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is an outstanding unit with lots of features. The only thing I can't understand is the lack of the built in tuner. But, with the ability to play CDs from a USB drive, this is a great device.!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 26, 2011  Works well  by Paul from Los Angeles CA USA  Review: Worked well for a cheap portable player. I use it in my car.  I like the CD playback feature. It can be a little tricky to get into, but after getting used to it, it's pretty easy to use. The built-in speakers are great. They don't have the deep bass that the CD players can provide, but they're good enough for music. I'm using them to listen to music while traveling and don't want the extra volume that my iPod can give me. They're also good for TV listening, too. ,  The one thing I would change is that it's not waterproof. I put a couple of my clothes in it, and it still worked, but the next day I went outside and it was raining. If it was waterproof, I could've put my clothes back in it and not had to wash the clothes, but since it isn't waterproof, the clothes get wet. So I'm not sure I would recommend it for use in the rain. -Paul  Great Portable Music Player!!  By Paul from Northville MI USA , Review: This is a good portable player, with nice features. I just want to say, I've had the same CD player for over 10 years, and this is the first time I bought a new one. I am very happy with the quality of this unit, it works well. I like that it is a portable player and doesn't have a separate power supply. My only complaint is that there is not an audio CD. But all in all, I'm happy with this unit. I would highly recommend it.    WasThis Review Helpfulto you? YES ( 0 ) | NO ( 0)  Very nice player  A. from New York, NY  Pros: Compact, convenient, good sound quality. Cons: No CD player.  for the price I don't think you can do much better  This is a very nice player and I donot think you could do much to improve on it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am using my iphone 6 plus for several years now. I was using my original iphon to listen to the radio, but I am now going to switch to the iphono. I like the quality of the sound. It is good for playing in the car, I am not a huge fan of the iPod nano but the ia is just fine for the price. If you are looking for an affordable way to get a high quality sound then this is the way to go.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a very nice device. I have an Alesis USB mixer and I have been searching for a good USB mixer with a real USB input. I was happy to see that this mixer was a real, no BS, USB input mixer. I just plugged it in and it worked like a champ. I like how you can control the mixer from a computer via USB, so you don't have to be an artist or engineer to use this. It is a little pricey, but I'm glad I got it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 12, 2014  Good value  by James from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: The mixer is very nice to play with and control. It has a USB input so you can plug in a guitar or other gear and it will output to your computer, without the need of an interface. Also it's very easy to connect to your keyboard/keyboard controllers. ,  Cons: The USB is a bit of a pain to use. It's not that bad, but you have to go to the menu and unplug/replug every time you change inputs or play something. Also you need to plug in and un plug every time it changes to something new. I would recommend this to someone that doesn't mind the extra setup and it would make a good addition to any studio.  the price point is just a little steep for the value. .  (view full review)  Product: AlesIS USB Mixer  Manufacturer: ALESIS USA . Rated:   Great product at a great price! I highly recommend it!  ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!! This thing is perfect. I have been searching for a computer mouse with the same sensitivity for quite some time now. This mouse is the perfect mouse. I use a Logitech M570 and this mouse is nearly as accurate. It is much smaller than the M570 but it fits right in with my mouse mat. The rubber grips are comfortable and the mouse is very responsive. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. This is my second mouse purchase from Logitech and this one has a great reputation. The only thing I don't like about this mouse other than the size is the lack of USB port. I don\'t want to have to buy an adapter to plug in my mouse, I want my mouse to work right out of the box.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very easy to use The mouse is extremely easy to configure. The mouse buttons are very responsive and have a nice feel to them. The buttons on this mouse are slightly smaller than other Logitech mice so you will need to take that into consideration if you plan on using it with a larger keyboard. The grip is a little stiff but it's very grippy. The cable that came with the mouse was very short but I have no complaints about the cable that I received from Logisys. The unit I received was slightly different than the one in the pictures but otherwise, I had no problems.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this monitor for my 16" laptop and I absolutely love it. It looks great on my desk and looks good on my bookshelf as well. The quality is great and the colors are bright. The HDMI port is perfect for my laptop and it works great with a TV. If you want a good computer monitor with a good price then this is the monitor for you.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: **********  This is a great product and very affordable. It does the job it is supposed to do, and is a good value for the price.  Great product and a great price *********  The product is great. The only negative is the price is a bit steep. The shipping cost was a little high, but it is better than the other online stores that I have purchased from.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an old desktop computer with an Apple IIe and an IBM PCjr that I use to do the word processing and the word processor is an IBM pcjr. The word processor will always be my computer of choice and it has the best keyboard of any computer i have ever used. The battery life is long and it works very well.  The only thing i wish is it had a floppy drive, that would make it a whole lot easier to use.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The  Everest was the perfect little music player for my car. I have a cheapo music player that I bought a couple years ago for my BMW. It works well, but has no Bluetooth. It does have a headphone jack but I have no need for one, so I replaced it with this. It is lightweight and portable. It's not too loud and not too quiet. It can play mp3 files as well. It comes with a remote control which has been useful in the car. If you are in the market for a good music player, look no further. Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought the eeBook reader for the sole purpose of reading and writing with the Apple Pencil.   As a result, I've been using the device exclusively since my iPhone 6s was released.  This is my second eeReader.  The first one, the Kobo eReader, lasted about 4 months before it finally gave out.  I can't say that the Kobox lasted as long as the Apple pencil. However, this is a very good eReader. The screen is large, the buttons are smooth, and it is very light.  My only gripe is that the e-book reader is only available in the black model.  If the Apple is released in a white or gold model, I'm sure it would be just as good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used it for many months and it works great. I just got my new unit today and I can't wait to get it all hooked up and started using it.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Michael  5  Reviewed by:from New York. on 1/3/2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is my first time purchasing from Banggood and I am extremely happy with the product. The product itself is really good, but the charger is not! When you are charging your phone, you can't see the charge bar. When you press the power button, it doesn't show anything, so it's really hard to know the current status of the charger. Also, it's not really easy to replace the battery if it's bad. You can't just pop it out and replace the whole thing. So I think this product would have been much better if the charger worked better. Overall, I recommend to everyone, especially beginners!  Did you find this helpful? 6 of 6 Found Helpful  Sami K  5  Reviewed by:from on 9/13/2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I have had this device for about a month now and have had very good luck with it. I am using it as a wireless USB flash drive that works very well. I have not had any problems with it, it is quiet and small, very well built and is great to use. I don't think that it will last as long as a computer hard drive, but the price is good. Also it is very easy to use, plug in the USB cable and you are good to go. I highly recommend it!  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:1 people found this review helpful
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using a sony sx-l1e for about 2 months and it's the best thing ive ever bought. It is the first android device i have owned and its pretty amazing. The battery life is very good and its super lightweight. I also really like the camera, it is awesome. I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got my first E-Z Pop when I was in college and have been hooked ever since. It is the only e-cigarette I have ever owned. I am a member of the electronic cigarette community and have a number of friends that have also bought one.   This is a very good device.  It's easy to use, has a great battery life, and the taste is great.  I have tried other brands of e-cigs and they don't compare to this one. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive, great tasting device.  A little expensive for what it is. I got this because of the reviews, and I am very happy with the product. I've had it for a couple of months now and it seems to be holding up fine. The only negative is that it only comes with one battery, but it's not a big deal for me since it's only a few bucks. I'll probably get a couple more for my friends. I'd buy this again, and maybe buy the other E-Liquids that come with it. -David R.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is good, the volume is good.  It is a very quiet device so that is good for me.    The price is reasonable.  If you have used another brand of headphone please give a fair rating for this one:   I like the sound better than my Shure SE535.  I really like the feel of the earphones.  There are a lot of options that will fit my needs.  The only thing that is really disappointing is that the controls are hard to use.  They are hard for me to get to the buttons.  This is the only problem that is stopping me from giving it a high rating.  If I had the option to go back to my Shures I would.  It would be a very good choice for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the sony sbd for over a year and it has never failed me. The sound quality is great and the only reason I dont give it five stars is because i wish they would put the batteries in the unit. Its an excellent device to use with a pair of earbuds.  Rated 4 out of 5 by C.H. from Works great and works for what it is Good sound quality and size, easy to use. ,
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S2 with a 32gb microSD card, which I had no use for because it was about to run out of space. I was so excited to try this because I had heard it would be a lot faster. I am glad I did! The only problem is that the microSD is a little hard to find so when I do, I have to get it out with a screwdriver. The Samsung's battery life is much better than I thought it would, but I also think that is because I am getting more time in between charges than the other phones. Also, this phone is so light and thin. I like the fact that I can take it with me wherever I go. It also works well in the car. I don't know if this is due to the phone's great battery life or just because it's so light, but the phone is easy to carry around.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this one for about a month now and i love it, the screen is large and bright, its very comfortable to hold in your hand. the keyboard is great, the backlight is awesome, the battery life is good. the best part is that its extremely portable, i can take this thing anywhere, even in the snow, it's very handy and ive found i dont need to plug in anything else. i recommend this for everyone, you wont regret it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The   Hush   I'm using is my second Hush after the first one lasted about 3 months and had the same problems as the second one. I've since replaced the battery with the newest one from the Hush website.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I just purchased this product on January 12, 2013. The first night I used it, I used a 2.1 amp cord (that is rated at 3 amps) to power it. However, after a few days I noticed a loss of sound. After a day or two of looking around, I discovered that my amp had died. I contacted customer service. I got a call back in a few hours. The guy I spoke with told me to use a lower amp and the device would work fine. I did this and I have been using it for about 3 weeks now. The sound is great! I'm a music lover, and it works great with my iPod, etc. I will be recommending it to all of my friends.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My wife purchased this for me because of the features that I have grown to love about this device.   I have a very small office with limited space. We use our computer for email, and occasionally do some light internet browsing. We had to replace our old computer (which was very old and slow) and we wanted a computer that could be a little larger than our previous. I had heard about this thing, and decided to go ahead and buy it. I have been very pleased with it. It is very light and easy to move around.   (The old computer is sitting on the table, it will be replaced in a couple of weeks)   It has some built in features that some people may not like, but if you know what you are doing, it's not too bad. It has the ability to play games on it (we have not tried that yet), and I love that it can do some sort of streaming. (I'm still looking for a way to do it.)   The only thing I don't like about it is that it does not support Windows XP. I've been looking at the different models of the computer and I am glad that I didn't buy this one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had the sony vlc for a year now and i love it. i use it for movies and i use to have a tv that had a built in hard drive that would work but i lost that. so now im just using this for watching movies. i am only recommending this because of how good it is. i also use the usb hub because its pretty handy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  It has the best sound out of all the other speakers I have.  I bought this so I could watch movies with my kids in the living room.    The speakers are quiet and it is great for watching a movie in the front of the house.  My only suggestion would be that the back panel is a little thicker so that it won't fall off. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is a great item for my use, i have the 5.1 surround and the headphone out for the TV. It is very simple to set up and I have to say that i was very impressed with the quality of the sound and the clarity of the recording. I have my sound from my television through the soundbar to my PC. I can watch the TV in the same room and still hear the same channels as the TV through the box. This is what I use my soundbar for. I just wish the sound was better but I think this is a very good item.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this one for years and its been the best investment ive made. I use it to store my money and to play music on. The volume controls are awesome! I use this to listen to my music collection and it sounds great. This is a solid, good buy. I highly recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I had the first one for a year and then a second one (for two years) to replace my broken old one.   My problem is I am always out and about (when I have an evening off work) and I always want a power source.     The power supply is a good thing to have as it has always been able to supply a full day's worth of use at a single push of a button.   the problem with it is it's size and weight. I've only had it for a couple of months and it's heavy.   it has three AC outlets and a single USB port. If you need to plug in a laptop, tablet, mp3 player, ipod, etc. it's going to be a pain. I don't want to have to bring an extra power brick around. I'll probably get a second unit but not for another couple of years.   a full review will be coming soon
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this to replace my old Sony TCD-D9, and I am glad I did. I am a big fan of Sony's in-ear headphones. I bought these so I could have my Sony's sound quality on the go. These headphones are well built and are comfortable. They have a nice deep bass sound and I have yet to find a headphone that has the bass and depth of these. I also love the adjustable, detachable microphone. I really like the sound quality. The only negative thing I can say about these headphones is the noise canceling feature. I'm not sure if I like it or not, but I am definitely not a fan. They do work well for the noise cancellation, but the noise is still there. I just don't like the extra effort to get the sound that I want.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've been using the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 for a few months now and I am very happy with it. I have always been a fan of the Note line, but this is a solid step up from the Note 3. The display is a little more vibrant, the software is great, and the camera is really great. This is my first Note, but I will definitely be a customer for life.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I purchased this for my husband as a gift for Father's Day. The product is amazing. I have the wireless model but the wireless has very poor range so this is a great way to connect to a phone. The connection is very fast and secure. I've been very happy with this product and highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an inexpensive solution for a wired wireless connection.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPad 2 was my first tablet and it has been great so far. The battery life is really good. I'm a music fan and i love how the music player is so easy to use. The screen is really bright and easy to see even in bright sunlight. I use the iPad 2 with the keyboard case for writing and playing games. The only problem I have is the iPad gets warm after a while. The iPad is a great device if you want a great tablet but don't want to spend a lot of money on a laptop or a smartphone.  It's a great way to get a tablet for the money. ____________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is the best electronic device I have used. I have been looking for a reliable, long lasting, and compact electronic device. I like that I can charge it in my car, as well as use it while walking. I can also use it to play the computer game Sim City. The sound is great. The battery lasts for a long time. I also love the fact that the battery can be recharged while it is charging. The only reason I give it 3 stars instead of 4 is because the device can be loud. I am a very loud person and the device makes me very nervous.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first experience with the M-Audio M-Track Studio and it has been the most amazing recording experience ever. The M-Studio has a very nice sound and has a great variety of inputs, outputs, and outputs. I have used a lot of different products and I have to say this is the best one out there for the price. The only negative is the battery life. I only had 2 hours out of it and I use a lot. I recommend the M Audio M-Tracker Studio. - August 29, 2010Great Product, But...  Reviewer: T.S.W. (3)  I've used my M-track in various situations in a few months now. It's a great mixer for all levels of production. It has a wide range of inputs and outputs, which I think is one of the things I like the most about it. The sound quality is really good, and I've been using it in a professional environment for the past month or so. I do wish that the battery lasted longer. I had it for a few days and had to put it on the charger just to keep it from dying. I haven't had it long enough to know if it will last forever, but I am so glad that I got it. - June 15, 2010Good, but not as good as I hoped  Review of DJ Tech Tools M-tracker Studio - Sony PCM-M5 - Sony PlayStation 3
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Good sound quality.   Works well with the iPod.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ****************** This is a great product. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. The quality is good. The speed is great. The price is very reasonable. *******************
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality and value. It is easy to use and is well built. It will take some getting used to, but is worth it. This is a great value in a portable amplifier! I purchased the Sennheiser E-MU5e after seeing the high quality of the E-M5 and the E5's lower price. The E-mu 5e's build quality is solid, and the sound quality is excellent. The only downside I have found is that there is not enough bass. The soundstage is slightly smaller than the E3 and E7 and is a bit tighter, but the sound is just not quite as detailed as the E7. The high end is not as powerful as the e-m5's, but still good. The amp does not have the same "wow factor" as the other two. The best thing about the amp is the price. This thing will last for years. The design is sleek and modern, and is extremely well built, and I am very happy with it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I am using the "new" version of this unit now and I have to say I am very pleased with this product. I have used a wireless radio and a wired one before and have always found the wired one much better. I bought this to replace the wired version and I am not disappointed. The built in sound is very good and it has all the features you would expect in a good wireless radio. The only thing I wish it had was the ability to control my home stereo system from this unit but it has enough controls to control almost everything you can think of. I am impressed and I would buy this product again if needed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the first time I use a digital camera. This is my first purchase and I am pleased. It has many features that I would have never thought of. It is very easy to use and does a great job. I am very happy with the purchase and will be purchasing from here again.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use with my iphone and I love it! It works like a charm! My iphon is getting on for a bit but I am using it as my laptop so it can be used on a larger screen. I would recommend this to anyone!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to play the music in my room, but it is also a very good gaming console and a great gaming keyboard. It is great for typing and gaming. It has a decent keyboard that is good for typing, but not the best for gaming. I also purchased a wired keyboard, and that works great. The only downside is that the cable is a little too long, but the keyboard is nice and long. The size is perfect for me. I'm 6'3 and about 245lbs. I purchased a slim model, and it works great, but if you're not 6'4 and 240lbs you might want to get a tall model. This is my first computer and I'm very pleased.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I bought the e-book reader because I was looking for something that could work on my iphone and ipad as well as a book reader. I bought this to replace my ime reader which had problems and is no longer in production. I am very happy with my purchase, and the quality of the book reader is very good. I would buy it again in a heartbeat. I also like the fact that it has a digital display instead of a paper one. It is also very easy to use. The only downside is that I bought it as a replacement for my ics book reader but the manual was not updated to reflect this. I'm going to have to go online to find out how to update it myself. I do not understand why this was not done.  I would buy this again. ------------ This is my second e-reader. I own the ereader for my iPad but I've now replaced it with the eReader 2. The eReader has everything I needed to use a computer and this is a nice replacement. I think if you are looking for a good book reader and don't want to go with the ime series you should buy the eReaders.  in my opinion the best iphones ime book reader ------------ Very nice looking and works very well for my e-reading needs. .    What a good product ------------ The book reader comes in a nice box and looks very nice. It's easy to load and use. I love that it's so easy to update the firmware. I have a iphoni tablet but wanted to use my iPad as well. It was a good deal and I'm very happy that I purchased it.  to me this is the best e-readers ime iphons ia books iphos ips books ime ebooks ips ebooks ebook ips ia ia i read.   This is the only one ia device I buy -------------- I bought my eReader because I wanted a book that would last. I was a bit worried about the quality, but it is very high quality. The cover is nice and looks great. The size of the device is perfect. I like the screen size of 8.3 inches. I find myself wanting to use it as much as I can. I feel that this is more than enough. The battery life is great, and I can use it all day long. I
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I love this device. I bought this because I want to play my game on the go. I have the 3.0 version, and I am using the 3G version with the included antenna. It works like a charm, it's a good price and the battery is good. I would buy again. The only complaint I have is that the case has a big seam on the back and I could barely open it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is so small that it fits in my pocket without even feeling the material. The buttons are small but effective. It is really easy to connect to the wall outlets as well. I use this a lot because it is small and it works well for me. The light is bright and easy to read. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a small, light, and powerful little device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This is a great electronic device that i use on a daily basis. I have been looking for a simple, compact and well built device like this for many years. I like that the user can choose the brightness and the display is clear, no light bleed. I also like the fact that the unit is very portable. I travel to many places and the unit stays in my bag. It is light weight and is easy to carry. It takes up less room in the car than my cell phone and it charges with one of the two I had to order. It has a lot of memory so it's easy to set up different programs and it will store all the settings you make. I bought this product for myself and it is worth every penny. It would be a great gift for someone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by mike from Excellent product. I am pleased with the device and use it for my everyday use. It's compact, durable and simple. I've used this to record audio, to control my lights and even to control a few of my home appliances. I would recommend it. I wish it had a wireless option as I've already had to upgrade my router and would like to have this in the future.  of the 5, I would say the following:1) It has the ability to record a voice memo. The recording is clear and detailed. It allows for quick recording and storage.2) The device does not work as well with the new iPhone 5 as my old one did. I found that my phone would not connect to the app and the app would not recognize the phone. The app is very basic.3) It's a great idea to have a Bluetooth device that you can use with a smartphone. However, it's the only Bluetooth device I own.4) It does have a microphone but I find it is too quiet. It requires that you have it near you at all times when it's not on a stand. I think that the mic is too small and will not fit in a pocket.5) The buttons on the device are difficult to find and use.6) I am a perfectionist. I'm looking for one more thing to nit pick about. If you are looking for the same product as me, I suggest you go with the old style iPod nano. I use this for my computer, my phone, my keys and my computer mouse. I just find this to be a better product for my purposes.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! This is a really good product, works great. I bought this a while ago and it is still working great.  Rated 4 out of 5 by brent from great quality i like it better than my old one because its better built.  the only issue i have with this is that it has some static noise, and that can be annoying. but other then that, its great. i have used it a couple of times and it works great  Reviewed by Rick B from Just what I was looking for, just as good, but a bit heavier. Just what you want in a small package.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I really like the sound of the sigma 8018. It's very clear and clean.   It has a very nice, warm, full sound, but the treble is a little muddy at times.  Also, it's really loud.  I was thinking of getting a set of speakers, but I didn't think they would work in my house, since the ceiling is so high.   Style of Music: Indie rock
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's nice to be able to connect a keyboard with the laptop. The only complaint I have is the keyboard keycaps are not very durable. But I'm a little worried about how much they will last.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is a wonderful toy that has a lot of fun. I got the purple one and it is beautiful. I have no complaints about this toy at all. ********
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I am very satisfied with my purchase. The quality of the speakers is great, but the volume is a little low. I would buy it again if i could.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 16, 2012  Excellent Sound - Very Quiet  by A Customer from California USA  Pros: Great Sound Quality  Cons: Loud and not much power. .  to be honest I'm not very happy with my current setup. I like the sound, but have to listen a little harder to really enjoy the music. I'm hoping that after the update the power will be more than enough. If I could get it to work with my iPad I'd be a happy camper.  and it's not much louder than the other two.  the volume on the 2nd unit is really low for a pair of speakers.  is it louder than my old soundbar? I'd say no, but maybe not as loud as my old speakers.   Was This Review Helpful To You? Yes Yes Monday, July 13, 2012
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product and it has a good sound. The battery life is great.  I'm going to have to buy a second battery for it.   The sound of this thing is awesome. I am very pleased with it. I'm going back to buy the larger model.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I really love this product. It's easy to use, looks nice, and has a nice sound. The only thing I wish it had is an on-off switch. It is just that simple.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.....................................................This is my first electronic device in a while and I'm really impressed with it. It was easy to set up and get used to and the sound quality is fantastic. The price was a little high, but I don't mind as I got it for free from a friend, but you do need to keep it charged at all times, so you could spend a bit more if you want the sound to be better.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this for my dad, who was looking for something that would play a game, but at the same time was also a portable speaker. He got one and I got one as well. This is the best game I've played in a portable system. The game is very good, the sound quality is great, and the battery life is amazing. I would definitely buy this again, if only because of the game, which is just amazing.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!!!!! The best thing ever. I have been buying from here for the past few months. The price is very good and the quality is great. I am very happy with my purchase and will continue to purchase from this site for sure.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is an awesome product, I'm not a big fan of the new LCDs but this one does a great job of being very bright and has no trouble in the dark. It is very easy to use and the menu is very intuitive. It's also very easy on the eyes!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- I received my new Macbook Pro 13" in the mail today. I've owned my Macbook Air for many years and this new computer is better. The display is much clearer and more vibrant, the touchpad is much easier to use and it has more storage space. I am very pleased with my purchase and highly recommend it. I will also purchase a second one for my son who is also a Mac user. He will love his new computer. The customer service is the best. I went online to order the computer and got the correct model number for the computer immediately. I was a little disappointed with the screen on the new computer when I got it in the box, but I have a replacement display for it, and I think the screen will be fine after I use it for a few days. I just purchased a second computer to use with my Air. I'm very pleased.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I really love the remote! I use it a lot and it is a lot more than just a remote for the TV.  You can also adjust the volume on the TV and have it turn off if you want to.  I also have the remote with the tv and a tv tuner and I like it a great deal.  It has worked very well so far.   I am very happy with it!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- This is my first electronic device, I purchased it to use in the bedroom and the music is pretty good. I would recommend it if you're a first time user.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this because of the reviews. This is a good little device. I use it to record video with the remote. I don't have a camera and this is perfect. I like how the remote works too. I just got this about a month ago. I love it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good, small and easy to use digital clock. I have been using this clock for several years and I still find the time is very accurate, and I am always surprised at how fast the clock is to come up on the screen. I am very happy with this product and it would make a good gift for my father, who also enjoys electronics.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I love my laptop computer. I have tried a lot of laptops and computers but this one is the best. It is so easy to use, you can get anything done. I love that it comes with a monitor that can be used to look at my PC. It also comes with an external keyboard. The only thing I do not like is that I can not get a USB keyboard for the wireless keyboard. I can't buy one either, I have to get the laptop for this. I am very happy with this purchase.   The only thing that I don't like is the weight of the keyboard and the fact that it is not backlit. It would be nice to have backlight, but it is very easy to see in a dark room. I do like that there is a mouse that is good for typing but I do think it is too small for my taste.   (Read full review)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!! This is a great device, I have had it for a few weeks now and so far so good, the sound quality is very good, and its a very nice looking piece of equipment. Its a little hard to use, you have to press the buttons all the way to get it to play something, but once you get it started you can enjoy it. I was using a DMP800, but this little guy works well with that. The only negative is that there are no power supply pins, so it has to be plugged into a power source, but that is easily solved with a little soldering. I'm very pleased with this little player.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Davey from Great little player! It's nice and compact, and very easy to use. I've had it a couple weeks now, and have used it for music and podcasts. I have been using the built in mic on my DMP-800, which is a little more flexible. I haven't found a good way to do podcasts in this player yet, but it's not bad. I'd recommend this little beauty to any music fan, and audiophile, or any other gadget lover!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I've bought this many times for my family to use. It works great and has the battery life to last the day.  No more having to carry a battery! This is the best battery pack I have ever purchased! We use this for all of our electronics. It's the only one we use that's able to handle the battery power that we throw at it. It does a great job. , October 3, 2013  , August 27, 2013
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent quality and very powerful I have a number of these and they are great. I've used them for a number a things and have always been impressed with the quality.  I'm happy with my purchase!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I had this set for a few years now and I'm very satisfied with it. I can play it in the car without worrying about the cord getting in the way. I have used it to listen to my audiobooks, as well as to watch movies and listen to music on the go. I love the fact that it doesn't require a USB port to play music and video. The sound quality is very good. The device is compact and fits easily in a jacket pocket. The remote control is very easy to use. I've used the remote control for years now, and it works very well. If you're looking for an inexpensive, compact music or video player that is easy to take with you and still plays nice, this is the one for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I bought this to use as a remote control to play music while I watch TV. The buttons are a bit stiff, but it works well for a $20 remote. I have an older AppleTV and the remote is a bit flimsy and it was harder to set up the remote with this unit, but once you get it going, it works. I'm not a big TV watcher, but I enjoy the fact that I don't have to go to my computer to change channels.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a very useful tool for the experienced user. The unit has the ability to send out several signals which can be used to program the unit or to display information. I am very pleased with the quality and functionality of the unit. I use it to monitor my system temperature and the readings are accurate to within 2°C. I highly recommend this unit to all of my friends and family.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my old iPhone. It has all the features I like. It's very easy to use. I just wish there was a way to record videos with it. The battery life is okay. The screen has great picture quality. I would buy this again.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The unit is very easy to use and the picture is good. I'm very satisfied with the purchase. I would buy again.   My only complaint: the picture quality is a little bad on the black version. I have an LG OLED television, and the colors on the Samsung were not quite right. The black version is also a bit dark.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The screen is a bit smaller than I expected. I was thinking about going with a bigger screen, but I was really surprised at how good the display is. The build quality is also great and has held up really well to use.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 02, 2011  A very good, inexpensive GPS  by Paul from San Jose CA USA  Pros: Simple, accurate  Cons: None  Review: This unit is simple, accurate, easy to set up and use. No GPS module to replace and no satellite-based receiver needed. The unit works with a USB stick or the USB dongle included to give it the flexibility to be used in either an outdoor or indoor location. .  (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)  Add Your Comments  There are currently no user comments listed for this product.  the GPS module is not required  Write a Review  Questions, Answers and Comments Discuss about Zumo GPS GPS for Garmin GPS Watches with the following Q&A. Learn more about Zuma GPS GPS GPS - Outdoor with your trusted GearReviews expert: Daniel from California About the GPS Unit? The GPS module on this unit is not needed for use in outdoor, as the unit can function just fine in indoor or indoors environments. This unit uses a cellular modem and a GPS receiver to function indoors. Other features: 2 Year Warranty? Yes, the unit comes with a 2 year manufacturer's warranty. It is a little bit smaller, but the unit is still small enough to fit in your pocket. Is it a good choice for your GPS watch? Yes. The Zumo is a good solution for GPS watches, as it is simple and effective, and works great indoors. It also has an automatic return home feature which allows you to return the unit if it fails to connect to a server. The only thing that you need to be aware of is that it has a limited coverage area, which means that the GPS will only be able to pinpoint a single point. I found that this was true for both indoors and outdoors. If you are a runner or a runner who wants to run with a watch, then this unit will be the best choice for you. Is the GPS unit waterproof? The unit has an IPX7 rating, meaning that it is waterproof. If the unit were to become submerged in water, it will remain operational, but
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item a month or so ago and I love it! I have a lot of gadgets that are old and break down pretty easily. The batteries last forever and the device works well. I'm very happy with my purchase and it looks nice too!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 6s plus works very well, the screen is very bright and very easy to use. I have used the phone a lot more and its a nice upgrade to the iphones. It also supports many new things that iphonone does not support yet (3g and 4g). iphonetips works perfectly with this phone. I am very happy with my purchase. I hope iphonerules works the same way on the 6s, and i can get my new iphonelips on the next model. Thanks to all at Apple iphoning, and thanks to iphontips for the great service I received.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've been using this device for almost a year now. I have a large area of the house that is very humid (southern CA) and this humidifier works like a champ. It has very good efficiency and stays on 24 hours a day. I had a couple of leaks (mostly on my walls) and was able to use a little duct tape and some zip ties to seal up the holes. The other issue is the power cord. The cord is very short and can easily get in the way. It's not too much of a problem but if you are trying to use this device as a portable humidifier (I use it for my desk), it may be a problem.   A good product, but the power cable is an issue:  I really enjoy the ability of this device. The power cord is great and so is the unit. However, the cord can be a pain to work with. I would recommend a longer cord. Also, a little more time to set the humidity level could have been added. The only other complaint I have is the manual. The instructions are a little unclear on how to set it. Also the instructions can be very confusing. Overall I really enjoy using this product. I recommend it to anyone.  Excellent!  . This humidifier is great. It keeps the air inside my office moist and the outside air fresh. I love the low noise, easy to use, and powerful cooling system. I'm very satisfied with the product.  a great purchase  , This is a great humidifier. I use this to dry out office furniture, office furniture that's not very humid, etc. I've used it a few times and it's very efficient. It stays on all day long.  the only problem I have with it is that I can't see the indicator light to tell if it is fully set up and ready to use. I need a manual so I can see what I'm doing. I wish I had purchased this sooner because I am happy with the unit so far!  great humidifier  The Humidification unit I bought is excellent. I set it up myself and it works as advertised. It looks very nice and I will be purchasing a second unit soon. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had a couple of the old ones and they are still in good condition. i have a few different models and they still work well. the only problem i have with these units is they are very heavy. theres really nothing more i can say. i just have to keep them in my desk drawer.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 12, 2016  The only portable, simple, easy to use device to record  by Paul from Westfield, NJ USA  Pros: Small, compact, reliable, easy operation, excellent sound quality, and it is a battery operated  Cons: Heavy  Review: This is a wonderful portable device. It's simple to operate and the sound quality is excellent. The only thing I don't like about it is the weight. It weighs too much for it's size. ,   Was this Review helpful to you?)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great for the price. I'm very happy with my purchase. I just received the device and have already started using it. The sound is good and the device is easy to set up and use. I bought the black and I am glad I did. The unit is very light. The buttons are very easy to use and have a good feel. I recommend this product! Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I have a friend who had a bad experience with a different device and now I have this one. This one is just as good as the last one. It has the same functionality of the old one and only costs a fraction of the cost. The only thing I'm missing is a USB cable. The cable I had last one came with a power brick and didn't have a USB cord. So I had to buy one on the net. I love this device. It works just as well as the old version did. It's just a lot less to take care of. Rated 4 out of  Rated 3 out of 4 by Anonymous said...  The old version worked fine. Now the new one doesn't. The previous one worked well with the cable that came with it. This new version doesn't work with the old cable, but it still works fine.  My older model worked fine on my iPhone 5s. The new model works fine with the 5s only. I don't know why Apple is changing the cable. I have tried the older cable to work with my new model and it doesn't like the cable at all. It just won't work.  of course the old unit is better in my opinion because of the fact that I bought it from Apple, but the cable is the same. I had it for over 4 years and had to purchase the new cable.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  My new Tascam DR-05mkII USB mic is great! It works really well and the quality of the sound is better than expected for the price. It's not a great mic but it's really good for the money and it's portable too. It has a lot of features and I am very happy with the price too. I just got a few more microphones to try out.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I love my Sony PXW-F3, I bought it for a family member and she loves it too. It's a great value for the money.   My only complaint is that I had to pay for shipping to get it.  .   (5/10)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this for my 16 year old daughter who wanted a nice sound system for her high school, so I got her a set of a pair of FiiO E17s. She has been using them for a couple weeks now, and they are so much better than any of the hi-fi speakers she has ever owned.   These are built very well, and sound amazing, with deep bass, and very natural highs. I was amazed by how good they sounded compared to the FiiOs that I have been using since they came out, and now I'm hooked on these.  :)   Best audio I have ever used!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the best phone i have ever used and it works perfectly! The battery lasts a very long time! I like that you can use it to record your voice and it also works as a speakerphone. I'm going to be buying a second one for my car.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 11, 2011  It's a good phone for the price  by John from Chicago IL USA  Pros: Price.  the price. The phone works as expected, even when I didn't have a good signal. I also love the ability to connect to Bluetooth, so I can use my iPhone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "What is that smell? Is that a new battery? Or is that a cat in the corner of the room?"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPad mini is a great little tablet. I'm not a fan of the iPad mini's screen size but I really like the keyboard on it. It is also very lightweight and portable. I use it in conjunction with a Mac mini to give me two tablets to work with at once.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The product is very good and I was very happy with it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great for the price! I've used my Koss i-1s for many years and this is a great addition to my studio. The mic does not get hot and is very easy to use. I also like that it has a clip on the end to allow me to hold the mic while I'm working and also allows me to carry it on my keychain.  the only thing that is not so great is that the clip is on the side of the mic instead of on the back. That's a minor inconvenience but I don't like the look of the clip either. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I bought this as a replacement for my old iBook, I use it as a digital book reader and i love the quality of this thing! I like how well the cover folds up so you can store it in a small folder! I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality electronic book reader!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** I have used the iPod for several years now and it has always worked flawlessly. It is very easy to use and has the storage that a player should have. I like that it does not have the big black plastic case that the other mp3 players have and that it has a headphone jack and a built in speaker. The only thing that could be improved is the screen. It does have a very small color LCD and it is not very bright. I am considering getting an external screen for my ipod but the battery life is very good. Also, the design of the device is very nice. I wish that they had more colors, I just love the iPod white and black.  Rated 5 out of 5 by M1 from This iPod is awesome. Great music and it's portable. I can play it on the bus. It's an iPod, so it has it's flaws. But for the price it's unbeatable.  (Posted on 5/31/2015)  Great iPod I have a newer ipod and it works great for the most part. The music has the best sound out of any iPod I've ever owned and I'm not looking for more storage. This is a great purchase  (Posted on 6/14/2014)
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ******** This is the best I've ever owned. I had a couple of other devices that I liked but I found this to be the most consistent and easy to use. It's not as loud as the old ones but not too loud either. The sound quality is fantastic. The touch screen is nice and responsive. I'm just not a fan of the look of the older devices. I use a Bluetooth keyboard and mice so this one is perfect.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gopin from A must for anyone wanting a laptop replacement. The laptop is solid. The built in screen is good for what it is. The wireless keyboard is a big bonus. The keyboard is responsive, I'm sure that's because it is Bluetooth. The only thing I didn't like about this is that it doesn't have a removable battery. I am looking for a battery replacement for my iPad Pro but this battery isn't going anywhere. The other positive things about the iPad Pro is that the keyboard has good keys and the battery life is fantastic for a tablet.  in the last couple of years i have gone through many laptop replacement products and this is by far the best. I have used several laptops that have no ports or battery back up and I have been disappointed all of them. I purchased this and immediately connected it to my iPad and my phone and it works like a charm. I will be buying one for all of my devices  Customer Service  We've been using this product for the past several months, and have yet to have an issue. I really appreciate that the battery is easily replaceable, as well. The fact that the screen has a light is also great. My only problem is that when it's not being used, it tends to get a little warm. The product is great, but the packaging is a little heavy.  The product looks and feels great, and the wireless keyboard, mouse and trackpad work great. The screen is also very bright. It seems like Apple has really thought out this product. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Excellent. I am a retired teacher and am very happy with my new laptop. The new design and function are well worth the price. I also bought a replacement screen and a USB keyboard. I will recommend this product to anyone who needs a good laptop.   My only issue is that the batteries are a bit weak. I use them for school but have to recharge them every other day. I just hope that I won't have to buy batteries again for a while.     Great Product!   This is my first purchase from this company. The product is as described and as good as the pictures. I have the 13 inch model and it is a pleasure to use.   the only thing that would be a plus is a few more options with the keyboard layout. The 13" model is all you really need but I would appreciate more options for different layouts and to choose the keyboard type.   of course you get what you pay for.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- The sound quality on this is very good. The quality of the music is superb, and it sounds good when playing games. If you can get past the price, I give it a 9. If it's for $30, go ahead and get it. If not, save up and get one of the others. I'd recommend it to people who like a good gaming sound. It is definitely better than the others, and I will be getting more. --------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just bought this item for a project I am doing for a class.  The USB cable is nice and short.    It fits perfectly in my USB port and I just connect my PC to my phone with it and everything works perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The device works great and I like the design!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 09, 2012  Works as advertised  by Christopher from Tuscaloosa, AL USA  Pros: Good battery life  Cons: No USB port  Review: I bought the iSmart 3 to use for my home automation needs. I like it a lot and I've been using it for about a month. I've never had any problems with it and it has done the job it was supposed to do so far.   It has a 2.5A power supply which is more than enough for my needs.   the device is very easy to use, and it connects to a computer so you can program it as well as download files and do things with it.   is a great device for my budget, and I will buy more as I use it more and more.  It is very nice for my application  Reviewer: Anonymous  Bought this to control my thermostat using my iHub. The device is simple to use and is very good quality. The only downside is that it doesn't have a USB port to connect it to my computer, so I can't use my iSmart Doorbell or Smart Lock.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my iphone 6s. I am so happy I purchased the phone, the screen is amazing and the phone feels amazing in my hand. I have never had a phone as good as the iPhone. I recommend to anyone. I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for a year and a half. it's great to have the ability to adjust the volume in and out at any time with just a flick of the wrist. it also has a built in speakers which is a nice touch. it has the capability to play music on a phone (a samsung galaxy s3). if youre looking for a cheap portable device then look no further!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    Pros: Great price for the product  Great price for  Cons: No power supply  No power supply Pricey, but it's well worth it  Pricey,but it's  Easy to install, plug-and-play Cons: No USB port  Nah, I'm just not a fan of that  no USB port Nah, I'M JUST NOT A FAN OF THAT
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have used this product for many years. I have two of these in a system. One is a USB drive with music and the other is a CD player that I use for streaming and playing music. I also have a PC and a laptop that are connected via USB. I love these devices! They are a great portable music player. I've had them for almost a decade and still use them. The only complaint I have is that they can sometimes get a little hot, but that's about it. If you're looking for a portable music device, you can't go wrong with these.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: iphone 5s  This is a great phone. If you're looking for a phone that will last you a very long time. I bought this phone a year ago and haven't looked back. I use my phone everyday. My phone is in my back pocket with a case. I love the fact that I can use my smart phone with my old iphones and this is a good phone for that. I do wish they had an upgrade program like the iphonauts. I also would have liked an iphontype. The screen is great. I have noticed the camera is very good. The sound quality is pretty good. I've been on the phone for a long time now and I've never had any problems. I wish that I could use the icom and the touch screen but for $300 and I'll use my iphons. I'm not a huge fan of the fact it comes with a built in battery, but it's great for what it is. Overall I love my icoms. I will be buying my ixis soon. I can't believe the price. It's a great value.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:.........................................................  This is a good little device. I'm a bit of a gadget snob and I don't really use a lot of gadgets but I have to say that this is a great little gadget. The battery life is excellent and the interface is simple and intuitive. The one thing I wish was different was that you have to use a cable to charge it. I bought the original version but you can use a USB cable for it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------ I am really pleased with my purchase. I had a very high expectation for this unit and I was not disappointed. The sound quality is great and it is easy to use. I am an audio and video professional. I use a Mac mini and i have a pair of headphones that I used to use and love, but they have become very small, heavy, and unwieldy over the years. I decided to buy a pair for my iMac to replace the headphone jack. This is perfect for me. I also have the sound on the Mac mini through my computer. My Mac mini is just under 3 years old. I was hesitant about buying this unit, but I am happy I did. It is very simple to set up and the software is easy and well laid out. I will be purchasing a second one for my laptop. It's a very nice device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  I got my X10 on a Friday, had it for a week and it's still running like new, only now it's on the road and has a battery pack!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! This was the first time I ever used an electronic cigarette. I have tried many electronic cigarettes and have found this to be the best one. I found that it gave me the same effect as the real thing. The only con I could find was that the batteries took a little more than I expected and a little longer than I would have liked. Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good alternative to smoking cigarettes.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace an aging computer. It is perfect. My laptop was a laptop with a keyboard that could only be used in landscape mode. I had a problem with it though. I tried to connect my old computer to this one and it would not do it. I couldn't figure out what was wrong with it and then I found out that my old one had no USB port, but this one did. I just wanted to say thanks to the folks at Apple. They have done a great job at replacing the old one.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using this for a couple months now. I have tried many different kinds of speakers, but the P1 has been the best for me so far. It sounds very clear and has excellent bass response. I highly recommend this.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used this phone a few times now, and i am very satisfied with it. It is very easy to use, very easy and intuitive to use. And it has a very nice sound. The phone is light and sturdy. It has good battery life. And its a nice phone to have in your pocket when you're out of pocket. Overall a good device. I recommend it highly.  by Matthew on 11/27/2014 byon 11/26/2014
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this to replace my old cheap one that had been collecting dust for about 3 years. I have been using my cheap one every day and it was starting to fail, so I decided to go for a new one. This one has been great, it is easy to set up, and has good sound quality. I'm using it to watch movies at home. It does not have a headphone jack, but it is compatible with the iPhone and all my other devices. It is really easy to use. I would definitely recommend this product.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great sound for the price Great sound quality, good battery life and easy setup. I did have one problem though, it was not able to power my phone when plugged into the USB port. I fixed that by putting the phone on the same wall as the speaker.  and that was just the one thing I had to do. I like the way it looks. I don't know how they made it so light but I guess they were able to do that because it is so light and easy to carry.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     It's very small and compact but still works great.   I have one for my ipod and another for my laptop so far so good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I've had my unit for about a month now and it's been amazing. I've had the unit hooked up to a TV, stereo, and gaming rig. I love that I can use my iPad to look up things in the dictionary, and I have no problems at all using the app to look things up. It's an awesome device.   Overall rating: 4.5 out of 5
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got this a while back, and have had it for about a month now. The only con I have is that the screen does get hot, but I don't have to do anything about that since I have a fan to cool the screen down. The buttons on the front are nice, but a few of the ones on the back of the phone were just plain awful. The battery life has been excellent so far, I have been able to get 4-5 hours of screen time in a day, and I have yet to have a problem with it at all. I have to say that I have not noticed any major problems with it. If you have a phone that is going to be used a lot then this may be a good option for you.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    My wife loves this little computer. We bought one together, and have been having a blast. It is a bit noisy in use, but that's how it's supposed to be. I don't think it would be as good without the external power supply though. It does have a little weight to it though, which might be an issue for someone who is going to be using it a lot.  Great little computer for the price! It's fast and easy to use. I was able to connect to a wireless network right away. The speakers are really nice and the screen is bright and has a good picture. The only thing is the battery life. It will run for a few hours but then needs to be recharged.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPad mini has a great screen, great size, and the ability to run most of the apps I want. I have the 16gb and the 64gb versions.  This is the best tablet I've ever used.    I'm glad to see that Apple is going to stop shipping the 32gb version in the future.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The unit is very compact and easy to use. The sound quality is fantastic. The only con I can think of is the battery life, it is a little bit short, but not by much. I like this unit and will be buying another one for my son.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I got the Vibrating Massager and it is a very good toy. The quality is very good and the vibrator is very strong. I got this for a friend and I have to say that she is one of my best girlfriends. She was nervous about this toy because she was used to a vibrator that is very hard to use, but she did really enjoy it. I love the fact that it has a button and can be used by one or two people. The only thing that I don't like about this vibrator, is that it is not waterproof.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received my Sennheiser HD 800 headphones.  These headphones have a really nice design.    They sound great, and they have a very nice comfort.  I've had these headphones for a couple weeks now, and I'm very pleased.  They are extremely comfortable, and the quality of the sound is pretty impressive. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I bought this to play with my kids and my husband's friends. I had no idea that it was so small, but it is very easy to use and has the great sound quality. I bought the 5.1.2 and have not found a better sound quality or a better product for the price.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great sound for the money! my wife and I had a little trouble with this one initially, it is a little noisy when playing music, but once it is set up and it's playing I'm in love!  If you are a serious music lover this is a must have.  "I can hear it in my mind" "I'm so excited"
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to add to my home theater. This thing looks great and is a joy to use. The price is right for a quality piece. I like that the volume is adjustable as well. This product has not let me down so far.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! The new ebay ek40 is a very nice portable music player. The controls are easy to use and the sound is very good. The unit has a lot of power to handle a wide range of music styles. The battery life is great as well, and the device comes with a 3 year warranty! This product is a great value. Thanks ebay!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I use it to play my cd's on the computer. It's really cool to be able to just play my music on a portable device. I can plug it in on my laptop and listen to my CD's without having to plug my whole stereo into the computer or drive my whole computer to my house. I use my laptop with it a lot and it's really convenient. I don't need to plug in the speakers and the headphones, I just have to plug it into the USB port. Great little device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 27, 2012  Excellent product  by David from Fort Collins CO USA  Pros: small and compact, very easy to use  Cons: none  Review: It is small enough to hide in a backpack and small enough not to get lost. The CD player is quite powerful. I've been using it to listen to some CDs that I can't play on my PC and it works flawlessly. The headphone jack is nice and easy to plug into my computer. The included CD has an old-timey radio show that is quite good and the sound quality is very good. The volume is very low and I would recommend you turn that up, but I've yet to hear the music come through loud and clear.  of the CD player works very well. It has a very nice sound. I like that it can play both stereo and mono. . I have yet to use it in conjunction with my computer, but it is a good idea to pair it with your computer to play music and videos in stereo. I would like it to have the option to use the USB ports, but the headphones plug into the usb port so it works fine.  the headphones are nice. I love the cord so that you don't have to worry about having to carry around your phone in your pocket. The sound quality on the CD is really good. : The headphones are very comfortable. They are made of a soft, breathable material. I bought a pair for my brother and he loves them as well. I wish they were made of the same material as the ear pads and that the headband had a little bit of padding on it. The headband is quite narrow and I'm not a big fan of it, but not a huge deal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________________  "My friends have told me that the iMac has become a lot like the Apple IIe. If you like the sound of the Apple 2e, the sound quality of the i3 is just as good. The i3 sounds great and is easy to use."
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This device is the best i've seen to date. It's fast, works well, and its easy to setup. This device also has some great features like the ability to use your cell phone while you listen to music or talk to the phone. This is my first product from Music-O-Matic and i'm very happy with it. ---------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to replace my old laptop which I just got last month. I can use it for browsing the net, playing games, surfing the web, watching videos, etc. It has enough battery life for me to use it while I am on the go. My only complaint is that the screen is a bit grainy but that's just a result of the old screen being broken. The battery life is good for me. I got it for $130 which is a steal when you consider the quality of the device. I will be getting another one for my son who will be starting college next year. I would recommend this device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had my ht for a couple of weeks and it works just fine. i cant wait to buy my new one  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, August 29, 2012  The best buy I've made in a while!  by A Customer from Santa Rosa CA USA  Pros: Cheap, compact, and great sound quality.  Cons: Battery life is poor, but it lasts for hours.  to much power for some, but for me, it is great.  I've owned 3 ht's before, but this is by far the best one. I would buy it again.  the sound quality is great  Review: I use it for my home theater system and it does a great job. It is compact, has decent sound quality, and it is very quiet.  "batteries" are a pain to get out and replace, but the sound is just the way it is supposed to be.  (Posted on 6/5/2012)  Best portable receiver in the world   by Mike from Sacramento CA USA.  in my opinion.  at last  cons:  - battery life: 2-3 hrs  (Posted on 2/9/2012 )  Awesome Portable Receiver!!  I bought this receiver to use in a system to replace my old Sony VCR's. The sound quality and size is great! This is a fantastic receiver and I'm very pleased with the quality and price. I'm just glad I found a good deal on it. It's a great portable receiver. I use my Sony XB-series system to listen to music on the road and I really appreciate the Sony receiver. ,,, I have to say, that I'm a little disappointed with the battery life. I was expecting much more from this unit. This is an inexpensive receiver and the battery is really just a power supply. However, I use this receiver on the go and I would prefer a power source that lasts for longer periods of time.  is this receiver really so good? Is there something wrong with it? I don't want to give it a negative review but I just don't feel it delivers what it promises. I will update this review if I find something better. (Posted On 12/13/2011)  The best receiver I have ever owned  By William from Long Beach CA USA.  A great receiver and
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This is an excellent product. It's so good, I was so amazed by the price. It works well, and works with my iPhone. The price is reasonable, and the quality is outstanding.  Rated 5 out of 5 by TomP from Great Value I purchased this for my son as he is now 16. He's been using it for a couple of months now. I have been using this on his computer and his cellphone. It is so easy to use and does what it's supposed to do. The only negative thing I have is that the instructions say to put a screw in the power plug to keep it from blowing up on you when you take it out of the box. I got one for my other son and he is loving it as well. So far I am very happy with my purchase. .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using this product since early June and I have not had any issues with this device. I have used a couple of different brands of electronic devices and the quality is always good. This is my first digital recorder and I am very pleased with the features of this one. I would recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:................................................... It's an extremely compact and durable unit that fits in the palm of your hand. It's very portable and has a nice, simple design. It has all the basic functions I need, including volume control, and the ability to play/record songs and podcasts in the background. The sound quality is very good for a portable device. I highly recommend this device to anyone who has a computer at home, or anyone who just wants a compact device to play their music.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first USB to Serial converter that I've purchased and I'm very pleased with it.  The build quality is very good, it's very easy to use and the instructions were very easy too.   This is a good USB to serial converter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I bought this for a Christmas present and it came with all the necessary accessories. It is a very good item. I did use the adapter to connect it to my Mac computer so that I could use the same computer with my other devices. It works very well. I have not used the camera as it does not fit with my computer and I am trying to figure out a way to use it as a camera. The screen is bright and clear. The only thing I would change is the batteries and the charging cable. The batteries are a little on the small side and you can't plug it in straight out of the box so you have to use a cable. That may be okay for the time but I do not like that you can not plug it straight into the wall.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the first of the three electronic devices I received that were defective.  After a few weeks of using it I started getting some odd sounds, but not really anything that was a bad sound in a bad quality device.    After several days of using this, the battery is completely dead.  The device works just fine, but I'm extremely disappointed in the fact that this was my first purchase of an electronic device from this company and I am going to have to use the battery in the device. Review of:   iRig Mic   Review by:  Mike D. I'm so impressed with the design and construction of this unit.  I'm a professional sound engineer who has to run two different programs on my Macbook Pro, and this is perfect for the job.  You get the features you want without having to shell out a fortune.  This is a must have for any recording studio.  The best mic for the money I've used these mics for over a decade.  These mics are the best value for money.  A good quality, professional mic.  Highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great little device. This is my first ever Bluetooth headset and I have to say, it works very well. The mic is clear, the audio is very clear and it sounds great. The sound quality is excellent and I was really impressed with the audio quality. I am using this to watch videos on my smart tv and I love it. I love the fact that I can control the sound volume from my tv. I use it to listen to music while doing homework. The headset has a great microphone. The one downside to this headset is the size. I'm not huge fan of the size but it doesn't take up much space on my head. I have the pink color. I also bought the red. The red is a bit louder but the pink is just as good.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is an outstanding product. The only thing I would say is that the color is a bit off but that is easily fixed by putting a color-conversion card in. The sound is pretty good. I have been listening to this device for over a month now and have only had one problem with it. I plugged it in at 3am and woke up in the middle of the night to hear some strange buzzing sound. I was able to get rid of the noise by turning off the sound from the power adapter and then turning it back on but it is still a little annoying. ---------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:............................................. I am a huge fan of the iPad and the Apple Pencil............................................ I have always used the iPad as my primary computing device for a multitude of reasons............................ The iPad has many great features including a very easy to use and easy to learn stylus.................................................................... This is my third purchase from T.H.E.    I have a hard time describing just how much I love the stylus.......................................................................... I have to agree with the previous review, the Apple stylus is great..................................................................   This is one of the best purchases I've ever made...................................................................................    Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Tablet I bought this for my new iPad. The stylus works well and the screen is sharp. The battery life is a little longer than my previous model but still acceptable. The pen works great and is easy to adjust. _________________________________________________
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this product for about a month and it works like a charm. I had a problem with it going into sleep mode on the first day but after trying the other suggestions i went back to the store and got it fixed. The only thing i dont like about it is that it seems a little flimsy and I would prefer a thicker case to it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The  T-Mobile  3G LTE is one of the best 3G phones I have used and I am very happy with it.  It has very good network reception and a lot of features and a great design.   I would recommend this device for a family member with a weak phone that wants to get online easily.  Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this to play some of the classic games on the NES and SNES, but I also bought it because I like playing with the screen on my phone. This is a great product that works as advertised.   The only thing I wish this had was a way to control the game without looking at it. I'm not even sure how it would have been accomplished. It could be a little bit easier to see if a button was being pressed.  , but if you can't find a game you want to play with this, you may have found the perfect device.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband because we have a home theater. I've seen a lot of things but this is the first time I've ever seen an audio system with an analog output. It works fine for the most part, but I wish the amp was a little louder. Overall a good product, I'm not going to buy another one! Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Perfect for Home Theater I have a theater system with a 7.1 and this thing is a beast! Great sound, very stable, and very cool. Very pleased with the purchase and it will be on my shelf for years to come.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a great unit for a lot of reasons. It's easy to use. I used it to create a website to showcase my photos. It was pretty straight forward and easy to follow along. The unit does everything I need. I highly recommend this product for those looking for an inexpensive camera. The only downside is the quality of the pictures taken. But I can easily fix that with a software like Lightroom.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Excellent price. I really like the fact that I can use it as a music player, and I can also listen to my computer or mp3 player while I'm using my laptop. I've had the unit for about a month now and haven't had any problems with it. The only thing that bothers me is that the USB port on the back of the unit isn't really large enough to use a standard USB port for the device. I have to get an adapter to connect the device to my laptop, which is kind of annoying because the device doesn't really have a headphone jack. Overall, I am very happy with the device, and the price is right.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- Great product, great price. This is a very well built product that does the job it was intended to do. The USB connection is very good and does not have the issues with the old fashioned way of plugging in cables to it that I was having with my old USB hubs. Very pleased with the purchase! ---------------------------
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second iPad. The first one lasted 4 years. The second one lasted 3 years and it stopped working last night. I thought it was the battery, but now I'm not so sure. I have read good reviews and thought I would give it a try, but I'm disappointed. I will not be buying any more. I'll stick with my laptop.  Rated 5 out of 5 by John from Best iPad i have ever owned I have 2 of these, they work great. My main problem is they are a little hard to read at times. I bought a new one this week. . ,  I have been using this product for 2 years, I really like the tablet and all the features it has, .
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this for a few months and its so far the best thing ive bought. theres not a lot to say other then it does the job well. i use it for my TV remote. it has a small touch pad that has all the buttons you need. if your going to buy this please do so for a good price.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good purchase for the money I'm very pleased with the product. The remote does exactly what I need it to do and works perfectly. The buttons are easy to use. The built in speakers are very loud, especially for the price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this amp about a year ago, and have used it for a while now.  Its great to have a nice solid bass and great mids, as well as the sound quality.  I'm pretty satisfied with the amp.   It does the job I need it to do.  I just like having it in my studio as a backup amp for my other gear.  The sound quality is really nice and it's nice and small.  It's not as loud as my old rack mount amp, but still sounds pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   It's so good. I've only used it for a couple of days, but it is amazing. I can't tell you how great it is. I have a small kid who is constantly screaming and whining at the top of his lungs and I need a lot of distraction. This thing has made him more quiet. I love it and I highly recommend it.   Write a negative review about an average electronic device and it won't get much attention:  I bought this for my wife who has been crying and yelling so much at the kids that I can barely watch TV. I think she might be more of a calm person with this device, but we'll see. I don't know if I'd buy this again, but I would recommend it to anyone who wants to distract their child with noise.  -Brent   Read all reviews
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: -------------------------- This is a great little box that does the job. I like that I can charge it by plugging it into the wall or a wall charger. It also has a good weight to it. If you're looking for a simple and effective box, this is a good option.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I purchased this monitor to replace a cheap one from the 90s. This monitor has better color and is less annoying. I use the VGA connector to connect to a VGA monitor on my desktop and it works well. I wish they would include an adapter to use with the standard VGA cable. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality monitor at a reasonable price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought the JVC LUMIX G Vario-Elite.  It was a very good purchase.    It's a great camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    The product is excellent. I use it to read emails and i love it. The price is very good as well. I'm a beginner, so I'm not really sure what all to look for, but I've been pleased with my purchase.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: cv8a7qrqr
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   My old Dell laptop had to be replaced because the power cord would not work anymore. It had about 3,000 hours on it, and the battery lasted about two months. I bought this as a replacement for my old laptop and was very pleased with it. I was able to plug my phone and iPad into the device, and I was very happy with the portability. It works very well and is great for people who don't like to carry a power cord.  Write a negative review about the product: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I love my Kobo. The best book reader for me and it's small.  If you're looking for a small book reader that is as good as the other popular small book readers but with a Kobo app it's even better. I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:       I use this device to play music from my iPod (without any other software or device) while driving to work.   The software works very well for my needs.  I can set the volume to a reasonable level, but the sound quality is excellent.  This is my second purchase of this device, and it has proven to be a reliable piece of equipment.  The only down side is that the software doesn't support CD-Roms or CDs.  I have an old Yamaha DX-7 keyboard (which is an excellent piece of kit for a beginner) which has no volume controls, but does have an option to set it to mute the speakers, and I can still hear the sound coming from the speakers.  To me, this would be a better solution than an iPod, as it is easier to find a CD-ROM/DVD player/player-back in my car and the volume is very easy to adjust.  A few of the other comments are also true of this unit: 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive bought 2 of these, they're very good for the price. ive been using them for 3 years, and they're still going strong. i have to say, the sound quality is fantastic. if you need something that has a good quality sound that's portable, this is the way to go.  i've had a few issues, but they usually work out in the end.  i love the fact that i can plug in and out at will.  this thing is portable, and it can handle my laptop and speakers.  great device for the money!  Rated 5 out of 5 by darth from great little device for small studio I use these to record sound effects and music for my computer games. It's lightweight, and you can plug them in any way you like. The only thing I can think of that I don't like is that the cable has a bunch of metal bits and pieces inside it. But it's only really a minor issue, and once you get used to the way it works, you won't notice it. The audio quality is great. The quality is good enough for playing around with. It doesn't take much to get the sound you want.  Customer Testimonials
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The G-spotter is the best I have ever used for prostate stimulation. It's not as good as the Vibratex Prostate Play but it's a great toy. The vibrator is very nice. The vibrations are very strong. I used to use a different prostate toy but I never want to use it again. I use the G-Spotter with my Fleshlight and I like the feeling it provides but I don't use it as often as the other two. I also use it on my penis which is very sensitive but the vibrations really feel great on my prostate. The G-spots are a little tricky to put in but it doesn't take long. If you want a prostate toy that can deliver a good amount of power, the Gspotter fits the bill. It doesn't hurt when you get it in but there is a little bit of work involved. I don 't think the vibrations are strong enough to last very long and they only last for a few minutes. The vibe is not waterproof though. It has a silicone cover so you can clean it up afterwards. You do have to be careful when cleaning the vibrations since the vibrations have a strong smell to them. I have a few complaints about the product: The Gspot is a bit small but I can still put it in without much difficulty. I have had a lot of trouble with the head poking out of the plug but that is because the head is very small. If it wasn't so small it would be easier to insert. The plug also doesn't have a large opening so the plug is slightly too big for me. I would suggest buying a small plug to fit the plug you already have in your body. The head is a small diameter and I'm guessing that is why the Gspotter does not fit as well as it could. The handle on the handle is too long so the handle doesn't sit flush with the body. I really would like to have a handle with a longer length.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the first time I bought an iPod touch and I really like it! I'm a music guy and I am not a huge fan of digital music but I'm going to stick with it for now. I do not have to worry about losing my iPod because my ipod touch has 2 storage slots. I have a pretty good music library and this helps to make it better. I've never had any trouble with my ipods. It takes a long time to load a song but after it's done I can just skip it if I want. I can stream music to my tv and listen to it through my tv's speaker or use my bluetooth to have the audio streaming to my stereo speakers. I'm definitely buying another one!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I've been using the Kogan E4-PX for a few months now and I love it. I love the ease of use, ease of battery replacement, the battery life, the fact that it has a built-in speaker and a microphone, and the fact it can be mounted anywhere I like. I'm using a little tripod and the tripod holder with the E4PX and I have a full-size tripod with me and I can use the E-M5 II with it. The only problem I have with the tripod is the mounting screws on the tripod are a little weak. That's my only complaint about the E5PX. I like it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product, very good audio. I used this with a pair of headphones and am very satisfied. I am not the best sound guy, but I can tell the difference. The quality of the sound is not the biggest problem for me. This is a very good product.Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was my first experience with a computer, but after using it, I was hooked. The fact that it is a real computer and is compatible with my Windows PC, is a major plus. I've got a 2.4 GHz Intel i7 processor, 16 GB of RAM, a 512 GB solid state drive and an Nvidia GeForce GTX 460 graphics card. The software is easy to use and the sound quality is great. I have the 2GB RAM version which works great, but you might want the 4GB if you have a lot of programs running on it. I recommend this for a first computer for the home user. I hope I never have to buy a new one, because this is well worth the money!Read full review My first computer is an old HP Pavilion laptop that I bought to use with a Windows 98 laptop I bought for my wife. I was not happy with the battery life, but I decided to buy the new Dell computer because I did not like the battery problem with the Pavilion. I did like the fact that the battery is on the side and does not have a cord that connects to the wall. So I bought the power supply separately and a second battery. I had a couple of minor issues with the software, but it worked perfectly for a new computer. It is a good value. Read full review
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive had this since 2004 and it still works perfect for me. It is very easy to setup and works perfectly. I am an IT guy and this is the best way to have a small hard drive for a long period of time. I have it hooked up to my computer via ethernet and it always stays up and running. I would highly recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael G. from Great little drive for the price I am using this to back up my photos, but I also have a couple of folders on my PC that I want to back that way too. The only drawback is that the drive can't be powered by USB. It's only powered by a USB-C to USB-A adapter that plugs into a USB hub. This is not a huge deal but I don't like having to deal with the cable. It could be an issue if you're using this with a PC, but since I'm using it with a Mac I don`t think it's a big deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The V60 was a great buy. It's been my primary computer for a couple of years now and it's been rock solid.  It was so easy to set up and I couldn't be happier with the quality and features. Â I'm a musician, so I really appreciate the touch screen and the built in speakers.   It is not the fastest computer around but it is great and the price is a steal.  I wish I had bought this years ago. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best device I have bought for years and years. It has all the features I wanted in a watch for the price. If you're on the fence, do it. It's worth it. This watch has a large number of features that you'd never find on a cheaper watch. First of all, this watch comes with a battery that has a charge indicator. This is a huge plus! The watch is water resistant, and has a nice bezel. It does not look cheap at all. The face is a glossy black, and the hands are a matte black, like most of the other watches in this price range. It comes with an 18mm rubber strap that I am pretty satisfied with. I don't have any complaints about the watch itself. I do not see anything wrong with it at all, and it does exactly what it is supposed to do. The only reason I gave this a 4/5 is that it has a very small button on the side that you have to press to turn the watch on. I feel like this is a minor thing, but it's a small thing that I wouldn't change if I could. It can also be a little difficult to use if you have a lot of watch faces on your watch. I have the default watch face that is really simple and a lot easier to use. If I had to change my watch face every day, I think this watch would have been 5/5. My biggest complaint about the Watch is the battery. It runs out quickly, and after that, it's difficult to get the battery back up to where it needs to be. I don't know how to fix it. I can't see the battery ever being replaced. If it were a more expensive watch, I would be more forgiving of this, but this is still an affordable watch at $70. It would be nice if the battery was a little bit more durable. Overall, I really like the watch. It looks nice, and is very well made. I think it is a great value, and I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    A nice looking device. I purchased this device to run my small TV set and have it run in parallel with the TV. The sound quality is great. The only thing I do not like is the "auto turn off" feature. I have a very noisy system so it was not a big deal for me, but it would be nice to have a feature to turn the device off when it is not in use. It is still nice to be able to turn off the device when not in service.   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 2379  Reviewed: 2016-05-18 By:Hunts. Family pet. Jeff W. From CA   Labrador retriever. Hunts. - I use this on my two retrievers and love it!  - They get plenty of exercise and they like the sound of the whistle!   The best way to get more use out of my dogs!  - Great product   - Great price!   a very good product, would buy again.   of course, i'm not sure what the deal is with the whistle. it seems to work well but i'm sure there's some kind of noise that they're making but the sound is really muffled and hard to hear.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I have this thing hooked up to my laptop. I have an old laptop that was pretty much useless without the screen, and this is pretty great. I am able to use my old screen for some writing on my computer. I also have a portable blu ray player that I can plug into it, and I can watch videos on it too. The only problem I have is the battery life is only about a day. Overall I am pretty happy with this purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ********** I have this for my iPad and it is a really good product and a great price. I've tried several products from other vendors and this is the best value. I have two of these and both work great.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- Excellent device and I was surprised that there were no problems with the product. I really enjoyed the fact that it has a built-in battery charger and that it comes with a cable that has the power button and mic and the speaker in it, so you can easily charge the device and use the mic without taking it out. I highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an affordable and reliable device that has a good quality sound quality and is well built. It works great on my computer and on my phone as well. I would recommend this to anyone.  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and the price is great! The quality of this unit is good. The cable is thick and strong and is easy to manage. This is a good device for a beginner that has to make a lot of calls and do a lot on the internet. The only reason I give this one a two is because I have the older model that is better. Overall:    This is the best thing I have ever bought. I am so happy I purchased this unit.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive used it for a few months now, and i've found that the battery life is really good and its really simple to use. the only issue is the screen, its really small, and its hard to see at night. so it would be nice to have a larger screen. but all in all it's a great device. ive gotten many good compliments about it.  Write a negative review about the same electronic device. It is very cheap and very small. I wish the price was a little higher.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's easy to use. The buttons are all marked and easy to see, the audio is good, and I really like the way the speaker works. My only gripe is that the remote control has to be mounted on the front of the unit, which can be a bit awkward, but I am a bit of a perfectionist and that's not something I can overlook. Overall, I really love my new Echo. Great purchase. I got this for my wife as a birthday gift. The voice commands were so easy to learn and use. I have my Echo now and I have to say that I am very pleased with it. It is a great way to listen to music, keep up to date news, read emails and I can even control my lights. The only thing I have had to buy is a pair of ear buds that plugs in the remote. It is a bit too much for one person to use but if you have more than one person you can use the two ear buds to talk with them at the same time. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the remote controls were a little finicky. My Echo's remote is pretty well made and works well. I had to use some paperclips to hold it in place.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!!!! I received my new Dell Inspiron 15z last week. The machine has been running for two weeks and the only problem I have is the power button. It's been a long time since I've had a bad power button on an Inspiron. So I'm giving it 5 stars because it has good performance.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I was very happy to receive my device, and very impressed with the quality of the product. The sound quality is superb, and the ability to customize your sound, and turn the sound off or on is a very nice feature. The built-in speakers are also very nice, but they have a limited range and are a bit tinny. Overall, this is an excellent product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is the first device i have bought and have used it almost everyday. I have been working on the computer for several years now, and it is not a fun task, as i need to turn it on/off a few times a day, and use it for a couple hours. I do not like having to use a cable, but i had to get this one, i'm happy i did.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I am not a fan of the built in speakers. It's not bad but it's not very clear. I did not know that until I bought it. I like the size and price. The only thing that annoys me is that there is no memory card slot. So I have to use an adapter. Other than that I am satisfied.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these in a single case.  They work great and work in tandem.  Thank you for writing a positive and informative review.    Thank you for your support of our products.  Thank You!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the V-MODA M-100 for $35 off eBay. I'd been looking for an inexpensive way to listen to music.  The V-Moda has been my go to headphone for years.  The VMA-100 is the first wireless headphone I've owned.  I'd read reviews about the VMA100 and knew that it was pretty good but couldn't afford to buy it.  When I saw the price on eBay it was an easy decision to purchase it.   The sound quality is excellent.    The bass and mids are strong.    The mids are very detailed and detailed bass.  The highs are clear.  This is my first wireless I've had.  It's been very easy to use.  No problems at all.  One of the best wired headphone I have ever used.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great value. I've had this for over a year now and the quality of this little unit has been very good. It's small, easy to use and it doesn't take up a lot of space. It takes the power of a USB battery but is small enough to fit into a pocket or in my bag. I don't have a problem with the price and the fact that it doesn's do what it says on the tin. I have had it for over three years now and it is still going strong.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ***********I bought this amp because it was the cheapest on the net. It sounds good, no problems at all. It is small but the power it provides is just right for a small desktop amp. If you want the most bang for your buck, this is a good one. *********I purchased this amplifier to add to my soundcard and i am very pleased with the sound and sound quality of this amplifier. It has all the essentials and it can be used as a stand alone amplifier or as a direct drive power amplifier for a subwoofer. It also has a 1/8 inch line out and a 1 inch headphone out which is very convenient. The amplifier is small and it's very portable which is important in my work environment. It's got a nice low noise level and its a bit bigger than my other amps so it fits nicely in my bag. The only problem i had was the remote and the batteries that came with it were not strong enough for this amp. It wasn't as powerful as i thought it would be, i would buy this again in a heartbeat. *****************The amp is very compact and portable. I've used it for many years now and I'm very satisfied with it. It makes a nice desktop power amp but can be connected to my computer via an optical cable for a direct sound connection. ************The remote control is really simple and very well made. The remote has a built in tuner which is great because i use it on my computer to calibrate the tuner. I would like to see a battery backup remote as well as a remote for the volume............................................Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   This is a good little gadget. It works well for my needs.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images dialog  No Reviews for this product. , 2/15/2016: 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the i5 4790 to replace my i5 4460. This is my third Apple iMac. The i5 is very comparable to the 4460 (which I have also purchased). It is light and well made. It also has a lot more power than my old iMac, which is great because I am not going to be able to plug my iMac into a wall outlet any longer. I like the ability to change the settings on my Mac. The video card is fast and has been a great upgrade over the 4790. I have no complaints at all about this computer. I'm a big fan of the iMac line. I own two of them (27″ and 27″ Cinema). I also own a iMac with a 3.5Ghz card and a 4Ghz iMac as well. I am going to upgrade my i7 4790s to 4.0Ghz in the future as well as the i7 3570k. I'm still going to purchase the i3 but I think I'm going to have to upgrade to the i4. I would like to see the new 4790 iMac come with more RAM, but that may be more of a 3 year plan.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- This thing is a beast! I used it for a few days to record my voice in the shower and it has been perfect. It's very quiet, and the sound is clean. I'm really happy with this purchase and highly recommend this device!  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I've had the A6 for a little over a year now, and I can't really say I'm blown away with it yet. I'm not even a big audiophile, but I've always had a taste for things "higher end" than my average headphones. I've owned the HD650, DT990, DT770, and AKG K712 Pro and I've liked all of them. The A6 isn't really anything special, but it's definitely a quality headphone that's well-built and quite well priced. The build quality isn't anything special either. It's pretty basic, but at the same time it's not too cheap or flimsy. I find the metal ear pads to be fairly comfortable and they fit very well with the rest of the design. I like the fact that they're both sealed and airy, which is good for a headphone like this. It also means they don't sound very bloated and sibilant. The soundstage is decent, but nothing to write home about. The bass is decent for a closed headphone but there's not much there in comparison to some more expensive headphones. The highs aren't really anywhere near as clear as I would have liked them to be. I have a feeling that the low end is going to be a problem with this headphone for the most part, but they're still quite enjoyable for me so far. I'll be keeping a close eye on this one as I continue to use it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   Great product. Works great, works for me. Very happy with this purchase.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive owned the fb7 for about 2 weeks and i must say it is great i bought this device mainly for my girlfriend for the video chat. She loves the fbs and the ability to talk on the phone while being in the shower. i bought the video game adapter and now im playing the fives games. it is also really quiet when talking to my girlfriend so it's a great companion device
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this device to replace my old one which had a hard drive failure in 2003. I have had this device now for about 3 months. It is well built and I am pleased with it. I like the USB port on the back and the way it fits into my laptop case. I use my laptop mostly for web surfing and I like having a portable computer with me for that. I think it will work well for anyone who has a Mac or Windows computer but uses a portable device like a laptop or phone. It comes with a good CD which has the software for it. The price is reasonable. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is that the USB connection on the side of the unit is a little difficult to use and a little bit awkward to get in and out of the USB socket. However, it is just as easy to use as the other ports on the unit. The USB connection has been a problem for other reviewers so I am happy to have this problem solved. The product is well designed and has good features. I do recommend this product.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ------------------------- It has all the features you could want and does it well. The sound quality is really good as well. This is the first of many to come from the company and i hope that they continue to produce quality devices. If your in the market for a good sound card, this is the one you want.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It has an incredible amount of power. I would recommend this device to anyone who is looking for a quality sound for their home theater system. The built-in amp gives you all the power you need to make the most of your sound system. I can easily get 8 hours out of my system with the built- in amp. The sound is clear and detailed, and is easy on the ears. I use this device for playing my music on the computer, playing my games, and playing movies.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this monitor in December 2015, and i was so impressed with the quality of the monitor that i bought a second one, so i can monitor my two cats. The only downside is that it takes forever to set up and when you set it up, you can see that the cable is not very long.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    It's been a while since my last order from you guys. The new Sennheiser HD 280 Pro II has been a big upgrade over the HD 280, and it's worth the upgrade. I was so excited to get my order in and get the new sound card. I have an HD 580 (which I use for my home theater) but after reading all of the reviews about the Senns, I wanted to try them out. The sound quality is very good, and the fact that they're both powered by the same PSU makes it a win win. If I had to pick one up, it would be the HD280. I'm going to have to upgrade my PC to run the HD380, but that's only if I get an upgrade. Thanks for the great deals on the new SENNs!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: --------------- I bought this to help me get the job done. It does it well. The display is very nice, easy to read, and the sound quality is excellent. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that I had to use a lot of extra power just to get it to boot. I'm guessing the problem is that the internal speaker gets extremely loud when the power is turned on. The second problem is it is a bit hard to get all the pieces to fit together and lock in place, but I guess it is better than nothing. I will definitely buy another one of these, if not for my needs then for the great price.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a great product.  The sound quality is excellent, it's easy to use, and it's reasonably priced.  I bought a second unit as a backup and it works great.  This is a very good sound board. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing device. It is fast, efficient, and it's quiet. I use it to play video games. I've only had it a week but I am already very happy. This is my second computer I purchased from this company. I bought the other one in the beginning of December and it was the best decision I have ever made. The quality of this unit is better than anything I've ever owned. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a good computer for a reasonable price.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very Good I have only had the device for about a month, and I am very impressed. It does what I want it to do. I love the built in speakers. The only thing I would like is a removable battery. I have had to replace the battery twice already. I am pretty impressed with the overall quality of the product. :
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I have owned this for 3 months now and its working great. I have a lot of music that I listen to and this is great for that. The volume and clarity are excellent. The only thing I would add is that it does take a while to charge if you want to listen to music on it all day. Also, it does have a short battery life but you are paying for the device that has the features you want.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 weeks now and it works great. I am able to read on it from my phone and laptop with ease. I would recommend this device to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Nel from Excellent and easy to use. Good value. I've been using my laptop and tablet for a long time and needed something to connect to my phone. I was a little skeptical that this would work, but I'm glad I tried it. It's very easy to setup, works well, and I like that it's easy to replace batteries.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   The phone works well. I have had my new Galaxy S3 for about a week and it is working great. I love that I can talk to my friends and family from anywhere in the world with the phone. I was so happy when I saw the free $5 gift from Samsung. The phone is beautiful. It is a very sleek and elegant device and has lots of good features. The only thing that I wish was a little bit better is that the front facing camera on the phone is very good but not as good as my iPhone 5. I hope the new Galaxy will come out with a better front facing video camera because this one is ok for video calls. I also wish the battery would last a little longer because I do use my phone quite a bit. I do not have the S4 so I have not had a chance to test that out yet but I am sure it will be very good. I am very happy with my purchase and am very satisfied with the purchase.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best way to listen to music on the go. This is by far the best I've ever tried. It's super easy to set up, and has plenty of power. I like that the volume control doesn't require batteries, and you can add a bluetooth speaker to it as well. It can easily drive my old ipod or my mp3 player. I've had it for a month now and it's still going strong. It is a little on the bulky side, but it's so easy to carry. I would definitely recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:   I'm really happy I bought this. I bought it because I like the way it looks and it's good for my money. I also have a Sony camcorder. I like that it's small and can be taken anywhere. The audio is good and the light is bright. I can use it at night as well. It does take up a lot of room on the table but that's just the way I like it.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device: __________  I bought this device because I am a teacher and am very happy with it. The speed is very nice and the program is easy to use. I can get information quickly and easily on the device.  Read less  The product is well built and is very reliable. It has great battery life, as well as a fast bootup. The only negative is that the battery does not hold a charge very well.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!! I have the best of everything. Great sound, best battery, and best sound quality, this is my second pair of headphones. I have a pair of Sennheiser HD650's that I'm not too happy with and this new pair is a good upgrade.  Style: 4.5/5  Build quality: 4/5   Comfort: 5/5
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:!!!I bought this a few months ago and it's fantastic, I love my new iPad, my girlfriend loves it as well and she's a total tech snob and i think this is a great product. I like that you can play your music, listen to your favorite podcast or a movie, read a book or just have fun with your iPad, it's just a great tablet. If you're on the fence about buying this just buy it, its not the best but it is a solid buy.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    I bought this for my husband. He has arthritis, and we use it for his computer. He loves it! We have used it on our computer and tablet computers, and it is very easy to use and clean. The screen is bright and bright!  No More Laptops!   A great product, the screen has a great resolution. The price is also great. This is a good buy, just not for laptops.   My only complaint is that the battery life is a bit short. I get 3-4 hours with heavy use. I also find it a bit hard to use on a tablet because the buttons are not as easy to find and press.  -Trent M., Indiana
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:    This is the best little keyboard I have ever owned!  I had purchased an HP laptop with a mechanical keyboard in 2003, and it was a great keyboard. However, I found that the keys were not backlit well. I tried to make my own backlight keyboard and the problem is that the keyboard is a bit different from a standard mechanical keyboard. The keys are not back lit well. When you press a key on the keyboard, the keyboard lights up, but the keys on the computer are not lit. I have a Lenovo x60 laptop and it does not have the backlighting problem. I also find that the mouse buttons are a bit loose. This keyboard is also easy to use, and easy to type on.   So far, this keyboard is better than the one in my laptop, and I am very pleased with it. It is a great buy!  in addition to the excellent design, the key caps are very good and easy on the eyes. I am also very pleased to see that the backlight can be turned on or off. In addition, I have found that there are two different sizes of the keys and a standard keyboard has a different key height, so it is a nice change to have the height adjustable.   "Great product"  "This is a good keyboard and it is not heavy like some of the other ones. The key caps look nice and they fit well in the keyboard. My only issue is that I am not sure if the keycaps are backlit or not. I got the white version and I didn't get a backlight so I don't know how the keys look when the keys are back lit. Also, I would like to have a bigger spacebar, so I can easily get a finger on the spacebar instead of my thumb. If you have a larger hand than mine you may need to get a bigger key pad. This is a small issue that is easily fixed.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:     This is my first purchase from here. I am a big fan of the "Mighty Mouse" series of controllers. It is simple to use, and has a very nice design. The only reason I gave it four stars is because the cord is a little flimsy and I would like to see a bit thicker. Otherwise, it's a good little controller.
