Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome little card, easy to use and works just like the card I was using.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best I have ever used.  I use it for both my Macbook and PC.  You can turn the power off and still use the computer.  The only complaint I have is the USB port.  This cable doesn't have a long enough cord to connect to my Mac, but that's easy to fix 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a problem with my old one, and this one solved it for me.  I was very pleased with it.  The picture was clear, sharp and crisp.  Great price, great service.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the mouse for my wife. She likes it alot.  The only problem is that sometimes it seems to lose focus.  I haven't had that problem since installing it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works well, great price, shipping was prompt 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using this TV to view a Sony CMP-20XB receiver, Sony Bravia DVD player, and an Amazon Fire TV. I like the Sony's design and the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it to play my ipod mp3 player. I also use it for listening to music on the ipod.  It is sturdy and is easy to assemble 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a way to keep my DVD player organized without losing the DVD case, and this worked perfectly.  It's easy to use, compact, and does the job.  I love this little player, I will keep it forever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product because it was listed as having an SD card slot. I had an iPod Mini with no SD card and this is the only thing that works!  I would definitely buy this again if I could get an SD slot! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a Sony mp3 player and it had problems with it's MP3 player. I had my MP3 play on my Panasonic DVD player for 2 weeks and then I installed the Pioneer CDJ player and everything worked great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my husband and he loves it. I have a little one that is only 5" tall, and the mini-speaker is great! I have it on my TV, and I listen to my music, watch TV, etc. and the sound is amazing.  The price was very fair and we received a nice welcome package! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal for the money.  I use it to record music with my MP3 player and have a nice high quality audio recording!  It has an extremely small footprint (even for my MP player), is very durable, has a strong and reliable power supply, and is very well-made.  It works well, even with my player being out of warranty.  There are no other competing products with similar capabilities, and they're more expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an extremely high quality product.  It is very small.  But the sound is very clear.  The only complaint I have is that I can't get it to fit my PC.  I am very satisfied with this product.I will buy another one of these for my next electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well and is very comfortable.  The sound is very clear, very crisp and does a good job at providing an audible signal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked fine for my wife and I. It is not very strong, but it is strong enough. It has the extra volume and clarity of a higher priced product, but the price is a little lower. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was great. The price was great and the product was exactly as advertised.  If your looking for an inexpensive, compact DVD/CD player, this is a good one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and very easy to use.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get an mp3 player that does not cost as much as an iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  It is very easy to use and makes your phone and iPod work better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was a little bit larger than I expected and it fit my needs. I had to make a couple of modifications to get the product to fit my requirements.  First, the product came with a small hole that I had no idea how to open to get to the connector to connect to my modem/router. The product would not work without this hole.  Second, I used a small screwdriver to open the top of the product and I have not had any problems.  The connector is easy to hold onto and the product is well-made and well made to hold up.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good cable and it is a great deal at $6.00 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my Toshiba A-5 for a couple of months now and have been very happy with it.  The pictures are great and the sound is clear.  This is a very nice product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product.  The product is small and light and works great.  It's easy to use and it works with my Panasonic DVD player, and works well with my MP3 player.  I am now looking for the smaller version of this product, that will fit my DVD player and MP3 players.  They look identical, but you'll have to buy a different size to fit your DVD player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. Easy to install and works perfectly. It will last a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's PC. I have a high end system with an ATI Radeon 7500 graphics card and it is quite demanding. The system was getting a little warm. I had the idea to purchase a case for it, so I was pleased to see that Amazon had it in stock 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product and it is very well made.  The only complaint I have is that I am finding the antenna to be very sensitive to the angle the unit is placed.  So I use an angled antenna.  But, I would buy this product again if I needed the antenna angle correction 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Very easy to use.  Great price.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great addition to my cam, and has saved me some money.  I was looking for something that would fit in my pack, but still allow me to use my own cable for the remote control, and this is just perfect.  If you don't want to mess with the remote, it's a simple plug in and you're good to go 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've always used the iPod Touch.  This new version has the same functionality but is much easier to use.  It is also very compact, easy to carry, and looks great!  The volume controls are very intuitive.  I can't wait to buy a larger player, like an iPod Nano.  The sound quality is good.  But the speakers sound a little bit tinny, so I recommend purchasing a pair of small headphones to fill them out.  Overall I'm very pleased with this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well.  I am new to this monitor and it has performed very well for me.  You can't really see the difference between the older monitors, but the new one is a great value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has helped me greatly with my video games and mp3 players. I would not trade it for anything else 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. I love the sound of my TV and it's really easy to use.  I have to say, though, that I haven't had any problem with this product.  It does seem to be louder than the other models I have, but I'm not sure it's necessarily a problem.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works perfectly and is compact and easy to use.  Great price too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great and the service was great.  It is very compact and lightweight.  Great price and great service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and is a good price for the price.  Would not have expected this product to be so sturdy!  It does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these for my printer and it works great.  Great product, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the product.  It is great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great. I have used it in my new home stereo and it's worked fine.  The only negative is the price.  I paid a little more for the same thing at Amazon, but they have shipped it with an extra case and a little plastic cover for the microphone.  That was nice, but I wanted something that I could put my hands on while listening to my music.  If Amazon had offered me a 10% discount I would have bought it anyway.  But I'm glad I got it here 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is easy to use and I have no problems.  I like the product because it is more compact than the previous unit that came with the same model.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the HP 6100i wireless keyboard in my new HP Touchpad to type the whole office. I didn't need to buy the HP 7100i because the HP touchpad was so easy to use. I have to say that the HP wireless keyboard was so comfortable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works as advertised, no problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is great!  You can open the case and attach the battery to it without taking it out of the case.  I can't see any reason why anyone would not like it.  This case is also very well made and has a good price point!  I would definitely recommend this case to anyone looking for a case that they could get out of their desk without taking them out of a laptop! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  I am happy with the product and price.  I wish the included instructions would have told me that you must have the same brand of printer to use this product.  My printer is HP and my printer driver is up to date 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome. I love the sound. It is very compact. I have a Sennheiser IE1 (the only one in the house that has this kind of microphone). I'm very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have not found any electronic device I do not like.  The sound quality is great, the price is right and the price was only $6.99 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a cheap way to connect my iPod to my PC.  I was a little nervous at first because the other iPod connectors I had used weren't as easy to use, but it was easy to get it installed and it works great!  The only problem I had was that my iPod didn't work when the computer was connected to the TV.  This is a very easy product to use and works like a charm!  I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this cable for my son, and he loves it.  It is very easy to use, and it looks nice!  I am glad I chose to get this cable instead of buying an ethernet cable from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best mp3 player I've had to date.  I have had an iPod Classic and it was not bad, but it lacked the clarity I got with this player.  You can tell that there is a difference between this and the previous player. There is not a hint of noise in the background.  There is a slightly larger button on this player compared to the previous one, but not by much.  If you don't care about the clarity of your mp3's output, this player is for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great electronic device! Very easy to install. You get the benefit of being able to use the memory card in both your computer and notebook. Great memory! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first Sony product (the only one I own), so I am very happy with it!  I've got an HDD which is a small DVD player, and the card is a bit small, but this one is much nicer and it's a much better value for money than the HDD!  The only negative thing I can say about it is that the battery life isn't very long, so if you have a long battery life, I would get a more powerful card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item because it looked great and it was a great price. It worked great and the sound was better than I expected. I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  You can easily connect all your devices with the included cable.  It is also well made and easy to use.  My only negative comment is the price, it is a little too high 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The only thing I would like to see is a memory card reader.  It is a little bulky and I would prefer to use the card reader rather than using the DVD player for pictures. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent electronic device.  It is well worth the money.  The only problem is that the antenna that comes with the unit doesn't exactly fit your ear.  I purchased a new antenna from Amazon and it is much better.  If you have a small ear, the unit should fit snugly.  You can also buy an external antenna from the Amazon website 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It has all the features I needed, including a good case, a great picture and sound.  The only problem is that it doesn't work with the original Sony earphones.  However, if you use those earphones, the earphone jack works and the Sony earphone is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is a small electronic device, easy to use and works like a charm. I would definately buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item to replace my old laptop because the old one has an issue with the optical drive ejecting after the first time you turn it on.  I like it a lot because the new model has no problems with it ejecting or spinning up.  But the problem is the product itself, not the company.  It was only 5 dollars cheaper than the other brand of drive, and it's a great deal.  So I recommend this drive, but I do wish there were some way to replace the software that it's so easy to forget to install. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is exactly what I expected and much better than the stock replacement iPod earbuds that come with my iPod. The sound is much better, the fit is much more comfortable, and the price is much cheaper than the Apple iPod earphone replacement (which costs $30 for one pair). The iPod earphones have a much nicer design and fit. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this card.  I would never buy another memory card from another manufacturer without it.  The size is very nice and the price is good.  But when it comes to the performance it is a little slow.  Don't be fooled by the size because it has an 8GB memory that you can actually get faster.  If you can't keep the card in the computer all day (i.e. on the go) then this is a good deal.  And it's easy to use, has a lot of memory, is small and looks nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a lifesaver.  I didn't want my old laptop to go on the ice every time I wanted to take it out.  It is great and I couldn't be happier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card is great.  It has enough capacity to handle most of my cards.  The only problem is that the memory is not always full.  I will be upgrading to a bigger card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great price for what I needed. It works fine and has the capacity to hold my 32gb Sony card without taking up too much space. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very easy to install and works great. It is very easy for my wife to use, it works great and is sturdy.  I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered the Canon Epson Epson 1,000 and they came in the mail in just a few days.  It was exactly as advertised!  I am pleased with the design and design quality of the product.  The color rendition is excellent.  You can't see the screen unless you look at it from a very long distance, but it is a very good electronic product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy.  The product is well made, looks nice, and works well.  You'll find that your HDTV is more than happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! I used to play music from my MP3 player and now I have it on my laptop as well.The sound is excellent. I haven't had to change the volume level at all because the volume is quite good. It is a little bit louder than my mp3 player but not that much. I don't think I'll ever have to change it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent electronic device. I have had a couple of my monitors come in damaged and it is always a good idea to get an inexpensive item.  I like that the screen has a large viewing area.  The stand is sturdy and is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a cheap way to connect my laptop to my ipod and the HP DL360R has done the trick. I could not be happier with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for my HDTV, and for the price.  The picture is nice, and the sound is very clear.  I am very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, but has a built in fan to help cool down the fans. I was able to turn the fan off without having to turn up the volume. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great.  They work very well and I love the sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had this memory card for about 6 months and it has not failed yet.  It was just to big to fit in the memory card reader and it is the only card I've had that is not too big for the reader.  If I can ever find one that will fit, this is the card for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best bang for your buck.  The unit is great, but I wish the sound was louder.  There are three different volume levels, from a very low level to a medium level, to a high level.  I like the high level for when I'm driving, and the medium level for everything else 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a small printer to print a copy of my wife's workbook on my HP desktop. The HP Deskjet Printer delivered.  I am a happy camper and will buy from HP again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this product to replace my Samsung DVD player that died after 2 months.  The product works fine and the picture quality is great.  You won't have to worry about replacing your player again!  I will buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second one I've bought and both work great.  The sound is clear and the product is well made 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has performed perfectly as expected and is a nice addition to my existing router.  I am very pleased with the sound quality and easy setup 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, it is small, lightweight and has a nice sound.  If you like it then you will also like the included adapter for the CD player, but it is not needed, it works just as well without.  Don't be fooled by other's claims that the CD receiver does not support Dolby Digital. I have it and it works fine!  I like the sound and the price, but the included player is not required 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted to save money on a laptop, and I was very pleased with the result. It does not take up much space, but it also does not weigh much. It is also very fast. I have a Dell Inspiron 1000 and it is a lot slower. It also has a nice sound, and you can hear the media as you type. It has an HDMI input which is great for watching DVDs and playing games while in bed, or if you are at the beach. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had used an HP CD-RW from Amazon and decided to go with this for the extra capacity.  The CD's came in fast.  They were packaged well and included a DVD tray.  I am very pleased with the results 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device for the price!  The sound is a little weak and a little muddy, but if you have small headphones, this will work for you.  You do need to be careful with the volume controls, but they're a great feature.  The only negative I have is that you can only use it in the same room as the speakers, but for a small pair of headphones this would be a small price to pay 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card itself was easy to install and worked as advertised.  I used it on my new iBook, which has a CD slot, and it worked like a charm!  Great product, great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the adapter on my Mac to connect to my HDT recorder, and I have had it working perfectly ever since.  It's a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great value.  It is well made and has plenty of features.  You can connect your player directly to your receiver (via the included remote) and use the built-in mic and speakers for your home theater.  I was impressed with how small the player is and how clear the sound is.  This is an awesome product.  The only thing I would have done differently is to have the player come with a 2GB memory card.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only negative review I have is the small antenna. I do have a small antenna in the attic that I would prefer to have to keep the TV signal stronger, but this antenna is a nice improvement over my other antenna. The remote control is nice and the remote's menu functions are easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and it does everything we needed.  The only thing I would have liked to see changed is the USB connector.  There is a difference between a Micro-USB cable and a standard-sized one.  I bought the Micro-Cable and it works fine, but the connector is a little smaller and is more difficult to use.  It would be nice to have a standard sized connector as well.  If you're looking for a product that is more convenient than a cable, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described and worked as advertised. I used it in an HP printer and it worked like a charm.  I've had my HP printer for almost 4 years now and it's still running great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the item and it was exactly what I expected.  Works very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It's easy to use, works great, works with my laptop.  I would definately recommend this product.I would also recomend buying a couple of the smaller cases for the larger product.The cases that came with the product were great, but the one I got with the bigger product didn't fit my laptop, but was a great improvement over the previous ones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my iPod had been broken.  It was just the right size.  The only problem I had was the cable wasn't long enough so it wouldn't stay in place.  I used the adhesive to hold it in place 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is good. I bought it for a gift. The cable has a long cord and is very comfortable. It is not too heavy or bulky.  It has a nice picture.  The remote works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had bought this because my laptop was getting warm in the summertime.  The fan was great, the sound was clear and the product was great.   I just wish I had had it when I needed it.  I also wish I didn't have to spend so much on the memory card because it wasnt worth it.I will never buy another fan that isnt on my notebook! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the price.  It was easy to use and was easy on my ears.  I do not think I would pay double for a better cable, but the price was very fair 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this case because I had an A1 for my iPod Mini and was tired of having to keep my case on the case while it was in my car. This case is great! It is lightweight and easy to put on and takes up less space than the iPod Mini case. The only thing that I do not like is that the back is very stiff. I am just not sure how the foam can be removed. I don't think I can get the foam off unless I use a sharp knife. Overall I am happy with the purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works very well.  It has been a long time since I bought an external drive.  I have been using it daily and it's worked very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product as I needed a few speakers for my wife and myself.  This is the best I've seen.  I have to say that with the purchase of this speakers I feel like I have a quality electronic device and not just a few pieces of plastic. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great. I use it for my mp3 player and it was a pleasure to use.  I did not even use the software to adjust the sound.  It was easy to use and did the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a new owner of this product and it is very nice. I had my wife buy it for us and it has been very useful for my kids.  The only problem I had with it was that my kids were having difficulty connecting to the computer.  I found that the default settings in the software were too aggressive and I had to change them.  For example, I would set the DVI port to use the highest resolution setting on my TV and then have the DTV use that setting for the rest of the time.  Overall, the product is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! Easy to set up and works perfectly!  I wish I bought it earlier but now that I have it I will never go back 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I am very pleased with the sound quality and ease of installation.  I would buy it again for sure 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these because my old ones were defective. They were fine, but I couldn't wait to get these out of the box to see what they were like. They are amazing! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was received and works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great sound system for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works fine. Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has been a lifesaver.  I had to order some other cards just to be able to run my CD's, but this card worked great.  It's great that there's no need to buy a separate CD burner, it can just run your DVD's.  If you're like me and prefer to have an extra CD burner or if you use CD's often, this card is a godsend. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great.  The only problem is that I do not use it as often as I could use the case!  I like the product and the case.  It is great and would buy it again if it came in the same condition. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great electronic device for the price. I use it for recording my TV and also my laptop and it works great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like it because it is easy to use and it's quiet. I also like the fact that it is not wireless! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external soundcard for my Panasonic plasma, and i knew that the sound card provided was pretty basic. I decided to try the AVP3, because it was a little more expensive than my other options, but the sound quality was a huge improvement over my older soundcard, and the price was quite reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to work on my HP LaserJet 6420, which is an HP printer that has a HP CDROM drive.  I've been printing to CDROM for years now, and I've always used a CDROM-to-USB cable to transfer my files to and from the printer.  So, I had no problem getting this to print to CDR.  There's no reason why the printer shouldn't work with USB.  It does exactly what it says on the tin, and is easy to use and inexpensive.  This is an excellent product, as are all the other HP CDR products I've seen in this price range, including the HP ink cartridges and ink cartridges that come with the printer! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very compact and works very well.  The price was right and the delivery was very fast.  I will buy again for my next project 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this product for several months and it has performed great.  I am now using it to record my stereo music and it works very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is good. The sound is great. It has a nice price to match 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very happy with this product.  The sound is very clear, the microphone is excellent, and the CD player is nice and light.  My only negative review is that I do not have an external USB port so I will have to use my laptop and connect directly to the player via an ethernet cable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to go with my Dell Venue 8 Pro. They were perfect for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! Just like the other reviews 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best electronic device I have ever used.  It has everything I need for a sound card.  I have the HD PVR and the S2 and this is as close as I have gotten to perfect sound and picture with this card.The only reason I would not buy this is that the price is a bit pricey for what you get.  The S2 is great for the price but the S3 card costs more and is worth the money.  If you want an audio card with great sound and photo then this is the card to get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great soundcard! I would definately buy another if I needed more than I needed for my iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is fantastic! I had my first pair a few months ago and have gone through many more and the sound is better than I expected. The only drawback is that I had to remove the earbuds from my car and place them in my ears to get the volume up to my preference. The earbud holder is a great size and the controls are intuitive. It is very comfortable and the headphones fit nicely, but I do think it's better to have the earphones on so that you can hear your music better. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well made and sturdy.  It's small and easy to store.  Its sound quality is excellent.  I am extremely pleased with this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound!  I am using a Panasonic JMP-B2 player for my wife and I and both love it.  I've had it for a while now and I can honestly say it's better than my previous player, which was a Shure E55.  Very happy with this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I love the way it is, especially with the 10gb memory. I've had an HP printer that had a lot of print problems and now I have my HP to print for me again.  The HP has a memory card that is not user friendly, but this printer does not have any problems with memory.  I have used it a lot and I am very satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are a little bit small, but I needed them for an important meeting. They are also comfortable. I am very happy with them. The sound is excellent, but the ear pads aren't quite as cushioned as the original, so they are a bit sweaty. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables a while back.  They are great, but don't fit my home router very well.  I tried some other ones with a bit more length and it fit OK, but not as well as these.  If I had to do it all over again, I'd buy the original ones that are slightly longer.  This product is a great value for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod touch is a great product, but it was a little difficult to find the connector. I ordered one at Amazon and it was in stock in less than an hour. Amazon does great business, but I was sure they had it because it's such a great electronic device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a DVD player that would fit in the case of a small iPod case.  I saw the iPod case at Amazon and thought it would be an ideal fit.  The case was the same size as my iPod and it works great.  It's easy to use and the sound is fantastic.  My only problem is the remote is very slow to respond.  But it gets the job done 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my Samsung for work and my Sony is for home.  Both have worked flawlessly.  I'm an engineer and had to use the Sony on a desk.  It was a little noisy on the Sony, but I don't mind.  The sound is really nice and it is a little more stable than my Sony.  For home use it is fine.  But if you want to listen to music, the Sony is the better option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the HD800 for about a month now.  I really like the sound, and the sound is just a little bit better than my previous headphones.  They are very comfortable, and they fit nicely into my ears.  The earbuds are also well made.  However, I do wish the remote had a little more volume than the previous remote.  Also, I wish the volume button was a little smaller. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product.  I've been using it for a few weeks now and I love it.  It is an excellent choice for my wife.  The only problem I have is that the speakers are loud.  This could be caused by the fact that my wife's ears are so sensitive.  My wife can't even hear the speakers at all with these.  Maybe they are too loud for her!  But the sound is very clear, even though it's louder than most headphones I have used.  If you're looking for a good pair of headphones for an entry level phone, these are a great choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed for my son's iPod. I was able to put it on him with ease and he doesn't even have to remember to unplug it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a very nice product.  I used it to play my MP3 player, which is about 6.8 inches (170mm) tall.  It fits perfectly.  This would also be a great product for any of your small electronic device, which will fit right in your pocket!  It is a little pricey, but it will last a long time.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is that I didnot find a good case that could keep it safe.  You could use some rubber bands or something to keep it together 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked great. It has an alarm, which was a bonus. The only thing that I don't like is that the alarm doesn't work when I don' t have a line attached to the wall.  It will stop when it is attached to something else, like the power strip.  However, the alarm still works if you have a regular wall outlet on the same power strip 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because it has an external speaker with volume. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an external iPod with a volume control. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to store my CDs, DVDs and DVDs.  The sound is great, but the size of the player is excellent.  It fits nicely in my car and it looks good.  I would recommend it for anyone who has the need to store their CDs and DVDs in a smaller case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was just as advertised.  I was surprised at the price because it was on sale and was right on time for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this item, it works perfectly for my camera.  I use it with my Canon C300, but it is also great with Canon T5i.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product all the time and have always recommended it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the same sound for several months and it has kept on working!  I don't understand why other people have not had this sound!  This is an absolute MUST have for anyone who has an mp3 player!  The sound is fantastic!  It is very easy to set up and the sound is great!  My MP3 player has speakers, which sound great, but the sound of the sound box alone is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is good and the product itself is easy to use.  I am a home owner and use it for all my music on my iPod and mp3 player.  The price is really reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this adapter in hopes that it will help my Dell C240J laptop with Windows XP.  It works great!  If you are not using XP or Vista, don't worry!  It will help your computer work better!  Just a little extra charge to help keep your power supply at least 50% full.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, it works great. i did not use the usb cable, because i prefer the usb connection, so i will buy the cable. it is a little bulky, but it is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product!  The sound is great and the price was very reasonable!  It works like a charm and it is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these as a replacement for the Sennheiser PX 200 (which was defective). They are well worth the money and they do the job, with a little more bass than the PX, but they're also a lot easier to use and look a lot better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device!  I have an HP DLX and I love it, but there's no way I can get the DVD drive to play DVDs on the same machine without buying a separate player for it! I thought maybe I'd be able to get the CD drive to do it, because I've never played DVD before, but I was wrong. It plays all discs with no problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device that I have bought and I am very happy with it.  The picture is better than I expected, and it is very portable and well organized.  I would like to see a little better picture in the low-light mode, but overall I am satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has a nice grip, works well with the ipod, and has a little more range than some cheaper alternatives.  The price was a little higher than some of the other options on the market, but worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price.  I have a 32gb card that I need for my office so I wanted something that would last and it does.  The sound quality is excellent and I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers sound great! They're also very easy to set up! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product all the time to record mp3 music.  It is a great product.  The only thing I would change is the fact that the cable is made out of the plastic.  I have to take the plastic off for my stereo to work.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best DVD player that I have ever owned.  I bought mine from Amazon and it is a great buy.  It was only at the store because I wanted to try the new Blu-ray player out there, and Amazon had it on sale.  Amazon was very quick and accurate in shipping it to me, so I'm very happy with Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as advertised.  We have not used it yet but it works fine.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a novice in the computer world. I purchased this card for my daughter, who loves it.  She has not had any problem with it at all.  It has the ability to play all her games on it. She has used the soundcard in her laptop, and it works great.  The only complaint I have is that I am concerned that it may not be able to play games that require sound. I haven't had any problems with it. I have had no problems with any of the other cards I have purchased.  I would recommend this product to anyone who loves the sound card in their computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  It is so easy to use.  You do not have to worry about any cables.  The sound is great and the picture is great.  I would definitely buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first keyboard from Memorex.  It has worked out great!  The only thing I would add is that it is a little bit hard to set the keyboard to the left side of the keyboard because it does not always move the key to the right side of my desk.  I just had to hold down the shift key to move the left edge to the bottom left of the screen.  Other than that, it is great! It is not too heavy, so you can put your legs on it to use it while sitting.  The keys have a nice feel, it has lots of keys, and it is very easy to type.  You can also use it for word processing if you want to type in small letters.  Overall, I would recommend this keyboard 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife's ipod. I was concerned with the price and reviews.  It is a great electronic device.  Great price, great sound, excellent packaging.  We are very happy with the sound.  She says it is her new favorite mp3 player! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a professional videographer and I use a Canon XF700 to record all my videos on the Canon XM-900 camcorder.  I love it.  The color balance and the ability to record high-definition video and have it all on the camera is amazing.  This product is a joy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price!  I got this with my LG B20 phone and love it!  The sound is nice and clear and the volume is right, I haven't had any problems with it yet 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and works perfectly.  The only drawback is the only way to access the internal speakers is to hold down the volume knob while playing.  But once you find a setting that works for you, it's easy to use.  You can still use the volume control to adjust the volume, which is nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my Panasonic DVD player to record DVDs.  This DVD player is an upgrade from the Panasonic DVD's I was using.  The DVD player has a lot more memory capacity and is a little faster.  I really like the DVD player's ability to burn DVDs to a DVD in less time.  It is a nice product and a great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my old CD player. I was skeptical because of the price tag, but it works great and it is worth every penny 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this for my new HD television and was very happy with it.  I use an ethernet connection and it works great.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the lack of a memory card slot.  This is a great buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  Just a little bit louder than I thought, but it's definitely not too loud 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Dell Optiarc DVD player with the CD player. I recently replaced the CD with a player that I've just purchased, and this player is a great upgrade. The picture is sharp and clear, and the sound is excellent. I use it for all my DVD watching and it is great. The only complaint I have about this player (aside from the price) is that it lacks a memory card reader, but that's no big deal. I like the player, it's great, and I will buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Easy to set up. I would like to buy another one, just for the antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm! No problems, works with all types of CD's 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works perfectly.  You can hook up the two pieces together to connect your iPod to the TV.  I would like to have the option of a larger antenna as it cuts into the signal from the TV itself, but you can't have it all or anything.  It does the job, but only if you want to hook it up.  The price was great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the TV for Christmas.  I have a Sony PVM4120HDX.  It is a very nice TV, but I don't know if the VCR can record with it.  You can record to it with the VHS card that comes with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound for the money. I have a Sony sound bar and this has better sound. The only problem is that the mic is very hard to see. The sound is so clear that it can be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is very nice. It is small and works great. The sound is clear and the picture is very clear. The only negative I have is that you have to plug the unit in to the power source. It's a little annoying but not a major inconvenience. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  Easy to install, easy to use and is great sound for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, only negative review is that it doesn't work on my Macbook Pro, but I can't tell the difference 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, great price and easy to use. I used it with my Sony A7 and it works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice electronic device. I love the fact that I can plug in my mp3 player without having to take the earphones off.  It is not bulky, and it is lightweight and comfortable.  I love this earphone, and the price is a bargain.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  Easy to install and use.  The sound is good, especially for my new Sony player.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was exactly what I needed. I have an ATE and an ATQ, both of which use the same software and use the ATE's speakers for the remote. I am now able to use both in a single room with my TV, without having to switch out my speakers, which is a huge convenience! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been a long-time customer of HP's product, and it is a great product.  It is lightweight, easy to use and has a built-in CD player.  The only problem I have with it is the fact that the keyboard doesn't come with a manual, so you need to take it home and print out the manual.  HP makes a lot of other products and I like theirs, but this is the best I've seen.  I really like the fact it has a CD player built in and has no software to setup.  If you have any trouble getting the software to work, go with the HP ElitePad Pro.  My only complaint is that the USB port is a little narrow.  You will have to use it for the most common uses and be sure to keep it open so that you don't accidentally plug the wrong way.  A better product would have an easier-to-use keyboard (not that this is a problem), a bigger USB port (it is too small), and a built in DVD player. The ElitePadPro is a nice product and HP should keep it on the market 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product because the Sennheiser HD 600 was so small and I was concerned about the ability to connect to my iPod with a standard headphone cable. This product answered my prayers. The sound is great, the soundstage is big and it has the same control as the SELM-X1 and the difference is very obvious. I highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal. It is a little pricey but it is well worth the money. I have used mine to play CD's and mp3's and it works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to connect my laptop to the tv, and this one did the job.  The only complaint is the cables are not the best, but it's not the end of the world 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been buying a lot of Sony products lately and wanted to try something new. I had an S8 so it was time to check out the Sony Z100.  Sony offers a few different color options, but the default is a bright blue, so I was looking for a way to get some color back into the picture. The Z100 has a built-in display mode, but you can also use the front-light for this.  The color is great, and the fact that you can change the brightness is a plus, as it is not quite as bright as you'd get on the screen itself.  I still prefer the color, but it would be nice if Sony offered an adjustable front-lights system, just to be sure you can use the screen without it.  Overall I'm satisfied with the Z100 and would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works exactly as advertised.  The only negative thing I have to say about it is the fact that you cannot attach the antenna directly to the product.  I used the antenna to connect my portable DVD player to my computer, and it worked great.  If you plan on attaching it directly to your TV, you may want to purchase a cable or HDMI cable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the purchase.  Easy to use and works as expected.  Just plug in and go.  I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this camera for my daughter's wedding. She loves it! She didn't use any other cameras because it was so easy to use. It has a nice, sturdy grip and it has a built in timer for capturing shots! The pictures are amazing! I wouldn't hesitate to buy this camera again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a USB cable to connect my PSP to my Mac, so I got this one.  I really like it, because it is a lot cheaper than buying the one that comes with the PSP (not much cheaper at all!).  The only negative is that it is not USB 2.0 compatible, and I would not recommend it for that reason.  The product works perfectly as is, but I have to take it apart to get it to work.  It also has the ability to do a power cycle which will restart the PSP.  If you do not like that, don't get it, but if you want to keep it plugged in to your computer, it is really good.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for a desk or home computer.  I can use the touch pad for both mouse and pen, and have no trouble using the stylus at all.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, but the product itself is not very robust, so I suggest that you do some research on what kind of case you need before you purchase. I use it with my Dell laptop and have had absolutely no problems with the case.  I've only had a few minor issues with it, but I still love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great, but the remote is a little too slow to use and to navigate on the radio.  But I am using it daily and it works very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It is a small, light, and cheap!  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that it does not come with the cable that came with the camera.  This cable is not included in the package with the item, but is readily available 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and a good price.  It works well with my laptop and the price is great.  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price.  I will be buying more. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she has been using it daily for a while.  The product is great and it is very easy to use.  My wife and I were both able to get it to recognize her computer without any problem whatsoever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Works very well and is very nice to have. Great price. I got a spare, works as advertised.  Great price!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product,  not as much as I was expecting but I am pleased with the price and the product.  The sound is good and it works great.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for a product that can record at home for the past year or so.  I finally found one, and it is a great deal for the price.  The product is excellent and the recording is quite good.  Just be sure to plug the sound card into a sound card that will support it, not just an HDMI connector.  Also, I recommend using the Panasonic BDA-20HD for recording since it has a more powerful sound card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it and it worked perfectly.  I love the case, it's so nice to be able to put my phones on there and not worry about having the phone fall off.  Very sturdy and durable.  The case comes with a nice padded insert to protect the phone.  Great price and the shipping was free 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works perfectly.  The only complaint I have is that the unit is a little smaller than I expected.  However, it is a small price to pay for the great electronic device.  It has made a great upgrade to my previous radio, which was a little too big for my needs. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It is compact and looks nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described.  I am using it for my home stereo and it is perfect.  Very well constructed.  It fits my car perfectly.  The sound is great!  The only thing I would change is the input selector, it is hard to find and has a tendency to cut out some tracks 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my camera and it's works great!  I'm not really experienced in repairing things, but it was easy enough to fix 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I like the fact that I can plug in and out of my Macbook without any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these earbuds for my kids. They have a nice feel and sound. I like the cord because they are easy to get on and off. They also fit well and keep the kids in a nice listening position. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  Great price and works great with my Panasonic camcorder.  Will definately buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great! I have two of these speakers and have not had any problems with either speakers. They do a great job of sound, and the only thing I would say is that they could be louder. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the camera mainly for photography and the Canon 10D and Canon 20D have been great for me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. It's great to have, especially for the price.  I just wish it came with a few more buttons than the one I got.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables because I was tired of my old XLR connectors breaking after many months of use. These cables are great!  They are a little long, but if you get a longer one, they'll work for you.  I highly recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product, but I wish it came with an AC adapter 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is as advertised.  I was impressed with the price and quality.  Great product.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Works as advertised and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product.  It was easy to set up and use and has performed as expected.  Great price for a very compact player.  Will be my first choice for the next one I get. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, great sound quality.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card was perfect for my Sony DVD player and sound is crisp and clear.  I will not buy anything else, this card is just great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I got it on a short time and it was delivered to me. It is the perfect solution for a little computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are very comfortable and the sound is really great.  I really like the fact that they do not have to be adjusted to be the right fit 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very nice, the size is perfect and the price is right! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a little less than the other item in the same price range but it's much better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound from my Sony earphones. They do not sound as crisp as others but they are very comfortable and look nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has everything I wanted and then some. I would have been much happier with the price of the PDA if it was just a little bit more portable.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife and I both are very happy with the product.  I am a little bit nervous about the warranty, however if the power supply ever fails you get a replacement!  It has worked very well for us.  It's very sturdy, compact and easy to use.  The picture quality is very good for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a USB device that could store my photos and videos in the cloud.  This is a good buy.  It has a few limitations such as only 4GB of space, but it is great for the price.  I do use it for editing photos and have found it to be a little laggy, but not as much as my old HP-A9, so it is not a bad device by any means.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great! I'm very happy with it! The price is great and the delivery was very fast!  I will be using the product for many years. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great! I can store a lot more stuff on the card than my old card does! The software is simple and easy to use.  I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very compact and it comes with a power cord that is longer than any other power cord I have used 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and it has worked well for us.  It's easy to install and is sturdy and compact 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this case about 2 years ago and it still holds the most space of any case I have ever owned.  The case has plenty of room for all the cards in the card stack, plus it is lightweight.  I use the top lid for the main card holder and then use the back lid for my 2 extra cards (in case the lid is too low).  The main card holders have a built in slide out table which makes the whole thing a lot easier and quicker to move around.  Overall a great product and great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great, works fine. Great price, great card!  I like that the card is easy to use, does what it says it does and looks great.  I love this card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a DVD player for my wife and my kids to use. I like the product. It's lightweight, works well, and holds all my DVDs without any problems. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, easy to set up and use.  Just plug in and go 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was delivered quickly and I was pleased with the overall sound quality and convenience of the product.  I am a very high quality earpiece lover and this product was absolutely perfect for me.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are the best headphones I have ever had!  They fit perfectly, and sound great.  I would definitely recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this card for about 3 months now and have only had to use it a couple of times.  I use it for a small camera with a digital camera and a scanner, and have had no problems.  The card is compact enough to fit in my pocket and it can handle the scans easily.  It's also small enough that I can carry it with me while I'm on the go.  Overall, the card works perfectly and the price is great.  There's also a USB-port on the card which can be used to connect to a scanner and printer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had an HP printer and needed to print a lot of pictures.  This is great!  I love the paper and the quality of the pictures is great.  I also have to use the printer for only two days a week to keep my HP printer happy.  You'll have to get used to printing, but I find it to be worth it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is perfect for the money.  I was going to buy something else but I got a great price and it works great.  My only complaint is the size.  You can get bigger speakers than this.  But, it has been working out great.I use these speakers in my HTPC and they do a great job.  The sound is clear and the volume is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use on the beach. It is so convenient. I have not had any problems with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very well worth the money.  I was able to get it to work just fine on my network.  Very pleased 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product because the Sony is so easy to use. I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product for my wife. I like the size and weight. It has a lot more control than a simple mouse.  I've had no problems with it. It does the job. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome sound card for the price.  It has a small footprint, and it has lots of options and flexibility.  You can easily change the sound, panning, EQ, etc... from the remote.  The sound is very clear, and the interface is very intuitive.  I like the small, touch screen that is used for volume adjustment and the remote has nice knobs to get you in the right position.  This card has a pretty large footprint, but it is still small enough to fit into most cases 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was very good, and it is small.  I am using it on my home network and have had no problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is fantastic! I have two of them, and the only thing I would change is the color.  It is much nicer in blue than green.  I have an HP Pavilion at home, and I love it!  This is a great card for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my needs.  I have two 5.1 speakers that are about 20 inches from the wall.  The speakers will fit perfectly and the remote is very comfortable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best mp3 player I've owned.  I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a little bulky, but it is not too much, it fits nicely in the palm of my hand.  The only complaint I have is that you need to take it off to use the phone.  Otherwise it works fine, I use it for both calls and text messages 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a great value for the price. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a compact MP3 player with a lot of functionality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm, has plenty of storage, has the sound to spare.  I like it so much I bought a second one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price. Very easy to set up and use. I was very impressed with the sound and picture quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great, works great!  I bought it for my wife, and she's had no problems with it at all!  If you're looking for an MP3 player with a built in CD player, this is the one to go for 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have 2 monitors - one with a 25" LCD, and one with the smaller LCD. I wanted something to connect my small LCD to my 25" monitor. I looked at a lot of monitors before deciding this one. It is a great monitor, and it is nice to be able to use a cable to connect the smaller monitor to the larger monitor! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the S6 for about a month now and have not had any problem with it.  I would give it 5 stars if I could.  It is not a cheap piece of electronic device, but it has worked fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing.  It's very easy to install and use.  The picture quality is great.  You don't have to worry about running out of battery or power on the remote.  Very easy to use and it comes with a small instruction manual 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best DVD player I've ever used! It was very easy to set up, played my DVD in perfect sound and color.  I just wish it came with a DVD burner to use with the player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice, the price was right, and it looks good.  I was hoping for a higher quality product, but these did not disappoint.  They are a little bit louder than my Dell Optiarc.  It would be nice if you could switch between them, but I have no problems with this product.  For my office, they're great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price is very reasonable, and it's just what I wanted.  It works fine for my purposes, but you can always use your mouse more efficiently if you use the mousewheel.  You may also want to buy the software to keep track of your usage, as I find it useful.  I like the mouse because it is very light and has a comfortable grip, but the scroll wheel is a bit difficult to use at times.  Overall, I like this mouse a lot 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Great sound and battery life.  Just plug it into your mp3 player, play some songs and it does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with the product.   I love the sound and the price is great.  I do not know if it is a better option than the CD player but it is an improvement.  The only problem I had was when I started playing the CD, the sound went out.  Fortunately the power was on the CD.  Don't know if that is a CD or if it was an interference but it did happen.  Great product and great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item a few months ago and it works fine.  It is easy to install, works well, and I've been using it for about a month and not a problem.  I was very surprised when I read the positive review that I had to put a second card in the card slot because it was not big enough for the card to fit.   The only negative review I have is that the card is not that well suited for printing in a color printer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very pleased with this product. It's a little pricey but it is definitely worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a great buy.  The sound was really nice.  It is very easy to use, however it is a little hard to keep in the pocket, but it was worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The sound is clear and it's easy to use.  I'm also a fan of the built in volume controls 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this with my Nikon D300, and it's perfect.  The only complaint I have is the lack of optical drive support in the software (they require an optical drive to be connected to the camera).  Otherwise, it's a great product, and a very small footprint.  I will be ordering another product from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great.  It was very easy to assemble.  I didn't have to take the batteries out, and the cable was very convenient 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card is a nice size. It is easy to use and makes it easy to find all your cards.  I would give it a 5 star review 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well and is not that expensive.  The case itself is not the best but it fits very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the perfect solution for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Easy to use, fast transfer, works great. Would buy again if I ever need to move to another machine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my home office, my office, and my wife's office. It's easy to use, sturdy and does the job. I'd buy this product again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well made. I would not hesitate to buy another product from these guys again.  I like the easy use and the sound is excellent.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is nice, holds my iPhone nicely and is comfortable to use.  The only thing that would be better is the case itself.  I had to purchase one for my other camera (which is also a Nikon).  You can't beat it for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this DVD player and I love it!  I use it in my car.  I love the sound quality and it has no problem playing DVDs.  It is small and light and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing. I have a Toshiba TV with an HD panel and I wanted to get an SD card that would allow me to use it in the TV. This card works perfectly.  I used it to record a few photos of the TV screen and it looks GREAT!  I wish there were more options available for the SD card, but it's a great card! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was just what I wanted. I'm very happy with the product.  I've been using it with my Fujitsu Epson printer and it works like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little piece of equipment, and if you don't have an optical device, this could be the only one you need!  The sound is very clear, the soundstage is nice, and the only thing I would suggest is to buy a pair of speakers with a higher quality microphone to compensate for the poor sound quality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  The only problem I had was that the connector would sometimes stick out slightly and I would have to pull the connector away from the case to put it back in.  I thought it was my case but they really should not be shipping this product with a connector sticking out.  You just have to be careful with it!  I am very satisfied with this product and recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is great and it is easy to use.  The picture quality is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are great! I bought them about 2 weeks ago and they have been a very easy to use and well received product. The sound is clear, the bass is a little on the lower side, but it's still usable and the price was very reasonable. I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a better remote to control my DVD player. I got this remote and it worked like a charm! I can now adjust the volume, play, and pause the DVD player without looking at the menu, and I can get the current time without looking, which is a big plus!The remote has a great sound quality, and it has great range. I will definitely buy from Amazon again. The price is great! I just wish Amazon had shipped it sooner 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked as advertised.  I had the same problem with my Samsung.  The sound is not as crisp as it used to be, but it's a small price to pay for a great product.  This is the best sound I've ever heard from an mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using an iPod Classic for work and also for music and video.  The earphone that came with the iPod was OK.  This one is great!  The sound is clear and clear.  You can't beat that for a good pair of earphones!  If you are looking for an iPod earphone this is a great deal.  I would suggest this earphone for anyone who has a lot of earbuds and needs a little help in the mornings.  It's a little less comfortable than my other earphones but it does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first review about an mp3 player.  It has a lot of features that are helpful, but there are a few things that I don't like.  For one, the battery lasts a little less than expected.  The remote control works great, and the CD player has a little better sound than I expected.I still love the MP3 player, and I like the iPod touch for the same reason.  But if you don't need those features, this is a good MP3 MP3/CD player for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable to go from my computer to my receiver. I do not use the radio on my TV anymore, so I wanted to have a way to connect to my TV. I also wanted to be able to use my antenna to watch FOX, which I have an antenna for, so this is great! The cable works well, and is a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had to buy the LG G5 from Amazon.com to get this product.  The product was exactly what I expected.  It is very easy to use.  Very small, but very sturdy.  You will never lose the card if it is dropped.  I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is amazing! I use this for my car stereo and love it! I was looking at some kind of wireless speaker for my wife, and this is it!  You can even play songs in your car with the remote!  It has a big volume and is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works as advertised, and is very convenient for a player that only has one card to play with.  The sound quality is nice, but the only problem I had was that it was a little bit slow to load.  It is also slightly cheaper than some of the competition, which I liked!  Overall a good buy, especially if you're not concerned about sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a couple of DVD's and wanted to be able to transfer them to my MP3 player.  I tried several brands and this is by far the best.  You can get a lot cheaper, but this is well worth it!  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it doesn't support SACD, but the product itself is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound card. It is small and compact and works great with my MacBook Pro.  You won't have to worry about plugging your iPod into your Mac, you just want to use your iPod as a media player and not to worry too much about the player or CD player.  The sound is fantastic.  I would recommend this to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card for my laptop. It's perfect.  I don't have any problems with my computer using it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great sound.  I am an audiophile and it really gives the sound quality I was looking for. I would recommend this product to anyone who has a laptop that needs to listen to music. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is great! It works perfectly and has tons of features! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the only thing I bought in 2009 and it has lived up to my expectations.  It has worked perfectly for me, as you can see by the picture below 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These memory cards were exactly as advertised.  They work fine, and they came in an extremely timely fashion.  It is a great value for the price.  The only negative review I have is that they do not hold as much memory as other brands.  I used to have to replace my existing memory card every two weeks or so, and that was a major headache.  However, they hold a lot more now that I have used them, so I'm still happy with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great for those who use a desktop computer.  I've had them for about a month now and have not had any problems with them.  They work perfectly and have been an excellent value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great price for an i3. I have been a little bit frustrated with the other wireless routers, however this one has worked perfectly. It is very responsive and works in every way you would want. It has a high speed Internet connection, a very good antenna, and very little latency.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants a reliable, easy to use and inexpensive wireless router 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this TV for a very reasonable price, and it has all the features I need in a small-sized TV.  The picture is bright, and the sound is clear and I'm satisfied with the performance of this TV.I highly recommend this TV 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, only downside is you can only hook it to one device at a time, not two.  Other than that it is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external hard drive for a small business. This product was delivered quickly and worked perfectly. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a hard drive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product as a replacement for the original, which had a bad case that the screen could not protect.  This is a much better case, as the case was designed to be easily stow away when you need it to.  The case is well made, and has a great feel, however, I did have to remove it and put it back in after I had to use it to protect the screen.  I have not experienced any problems with it yet.  It fits my needs, and I am very pleased with the quality of this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best DVD player I've ever owned.  It looks very nice, has tons of buttons, plays everything I want and sounds great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product as I needed a case to protect my ipod. I like it. It is very compact. I wish the front panel were a little thicker and a little more solid. The included stand works nicely for holding the ipod and it is a great case for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy to use. Would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. It was easy to install and was easy for the kids to use.  I had a little trouble with it, and after a few times trying, they found it to be quite helpful 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this because I had an HP CDX2000 with a 128MB drive and I wanted to save a few bucks.  I've been pleased with it, especially for the price.  It's fast, easy to use and I can record movies with ease.  Don't be fooled by the "big" price, it's a great price and I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great, and was a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a DVD player to use with my iPod and wanted something with an iPod case. I was a little skeptical when I first bought this player, but after seeing how well it performed for a few months I had to try it.  It worked perfectly and was a great price for an iPod player.  The sound is excellent.  I was very happy with this player.It's easy to use and the DVD player itself is a nice item. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my TV as a DVD player and it was time to replace it with something more versatile. This was the best buy I've made in a long time. It was easy to install and works as advertised. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a good purchase. The case fits well, the DVD's in it work very well, and it is so comfortable.  The only drawback is the size, because I need to carry it a bit further to get the DVD player to stay in.  But it is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well for the price.  The only problem is that I had to make the switch to USB for my iPod because the power button is too sensitive to the switch.  You can turn the iPod on without the power switch and use the iPod's internal battery to charge.  I will buy another one with this switch so that I can charge the iPod without having to use the power key.  Overall a good product.  Don't forget to buy a good cable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for this little card. Very convenient to use and has all the features I wanted.  Great customer service with excellent response time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as described.  No problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price. Very easy to use. Works like a charm. Nice touch screen. No complaints so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this product for about a year now.  It works very well for my need.  There is a minor drawback that the USB ports on my unit are small.  But it's not a big deal.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the wireless connection to transfer files between my laptop and the printer.  It works very well, the signal is great, and it's very easy to use.  I'm not happy with the wireless reception though, but if I were to choose something else, I'd probably go for the CDMA connection.  This is one of the best wireless products I've used in the past several years, and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone who is looking for an inexpensive wireless solution to connect their laptop to their printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product.  It has all the features you need.  The product itself is very nice, but the shipping was very fast.  A plus, because you have to take it to your place 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works well for my TV and my car.  I don't use the TV a lot, but it's a good little piece of electronic device.  It's a bit bulky, but its a great deal for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works like a charm. I bought a new one from Amazon for $19.99 and have already made great improvements to my system.  The sound is excellent, I can hear the difference between my old headphones and my new ones.  I like the fact that I can connect them to both my computer and my iPod while listening to music.  They are comfortable and lightweight, which is nice.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have not had any problems with this product.   It is very compact and the price is fair.  I like the sound quality.  The only complaint I have is that the connectors are not that great.  They don't quite match the connectors I got with the original product, but I can't really complain about that because the product itself is good enough 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my wife and it is great!  It is a little long, but it works well!  The picture is crisp and clear.  I would recommend this product to anyone who needs an HDMI cable! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had to buy a new TV a while ago and wanted to use my current one with it, so I decided to get this one.  Great product, great price, great sound, and it worked like a charm.  You can't beat that price for a soundcard that is this good!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable has everything that I need to transfer files to and from my Mac.  I have a Power Mac G4 running Vista, and it's very easy to use to transfer and play my files to this cable.  It's a little bulky but I can easily manage it myself.  Don't be fooled by the price - it's a steal for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great.  I was surprised how fast I received my cables and was impressed how the product was packaged.  It worked out of the box.  This product was an excellent value.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great improvement to my laptop.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs an extra drive to work with their machine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is good and is very well suited for the price!  I use it to record movies, live concerts, and TV shows.  I'm very pleased with the sound and ease of installation.  The only problem I have with it is that I cannot listen to my CDs without the volume control at maximum volume.  This is a very good sound card for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was just what I needed. I installed it and it worked perfectly.  I am a big fan of the PDA itself.  The remote was a nice touch.  It was easy to use and worked well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a lot of trouble with my previous DVD player, and decided to try this one.  It is a great player.  I do not watch DVDs often, but I like to use this player for playing movies.  My DVD player played all the movies I bought in one sitting, without any problems.  You will not be disappointed with this player, it is a bargain. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Worked fine and did not lose any data while on the plane.  Not to heavy for my laptop.  Great price.  Wish the software was a little better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was delivered on time and was exactly as I expected.  I had a problem with my original camera that was fixed in less than a day with this product.  The photo quality is great and the video is very clear.  This is an excellent product and I would highly recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a little more expensive than what I thought it was.  But I will buy again if needed.  It is a great product.  Great sound and excellent price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had the original model (not the P1).  I like it, but it is a little too heavy for the price.  This is great, not bulky, very lightweight, easy to use.  The sound quality is also very good.  I would definitely recommend this model to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for both my kids and myself and everything worked great.  It is well worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. It's very easy to set up and use, just plug and play. It does exactly what I needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product as I wanted a way to record the video on my Sony Handycam HD-P2 with my laptop running Mac OS X. I love it!  I could record to both the SMPTE and DVX formats.  This product is great for my home studio.  It has a nice weight to it and it sits nicely in my laptop case!  It is also easy to attach to my tripod so I can easily set the camera up!  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great! It has the capability to connect to my Panasonic DVD player which is not an HDMI port but a DVI port.  The player does everything I expected and more.  I wish there were some way to get it to work with my older Panasonic DVD players 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I use it with a Canon digital camera and it is a pleasure to use.  The only thing I don't like is the manual buttons, which are only half the size of the ones on the Canon product.  But if you have a Canon product with manual buttons that you need, this product is a great option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm! I've had my TV for 3 months now and still use the remote to turn the volume up.  The remote is just a little too small for my tastes, but it's still a small enough thing to turn on the TV.  It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described. It worked just as described and was very easy to install. I did not have to use any of the directions. I was impressed with the product and would buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first pair of earphones I've owned, so I couldn't tell you much about it, other than it's perfect!  The sound is great, and I've got no complaints.  The only negative thing is that the earphones aren't as comfy as they should be - if you want a pair of glasses that feel nice, these aren't for you. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this iPod since April and it's performing great.  The sound quality is great. It is well worth the price and the sound is nice.  I have an A5 and the iPod works well for my A5.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great for a small office.  I'm a little picky with the sound, but the product is great!  It works in my home office and in my office. Great product.  Don't know what else to say 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great electronic device, the price is a little cheaper than i expected, it fits great and the quality is great. i would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an awesome sound card!  I've got it to work with my CD player and it is awesome.  You will not hear the slightest difference if you do not have this card installed! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product because I don't have a very strong USB cable.  It has a lot of pull and is easy to get on and off, especially with the USB adapter.  The only complaint I have is that the volume control is a bit of a pain to use.  If you need to control the volume from the remote, it is recommended to use the button on the remote to turn the volume down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones sound great.  I would buy these again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an extremely nice electronic device.  The only thing that I wish it had is a bigger LCD screen, but it has that.  It is a great electronic device and I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for an mp3 player with digital radio and iPod compatibility and have found it.  This product does exactly what I expected it to do.  It is a little bulky, but it has plenty of room to hold all the mp3s and play them.  The price is a bit higher than I expected, but the sound quality is quite good.  I would buy this product again and recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to get an extra battery for my Canon EOS 5D Mark II. I have used it multiple times and it has performed very well.  The size is just right and it works well, even with my Canon 70D. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price!  The sound is very nice, very clear and loud.  Great sound quality, nice touch screen, very easy to use.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product. I was worried about the sound because of my old laptop's sound system. However, the speakers are much better than I expected and sound is clear.  I like the ability to hook up my laptop and the CD player is very comfortable.  You can also connect this CD player to a TV for listening.  Overall, I like it much better and would buy it again if I had the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is very small and easy to install, it fits perfectly in the box. The unit itself is very nice and the sound quality is very clear.  The only thing I would like to see added is a USB cable for the iPod player to plug into the unit. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this case just to be able to carry my laptop, and it is awesome.  The case fits my 13.3" MacBook perfectly, and the screen is so nice and clear.  I have not had any problems with it at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Samsung Note 9.0 and use the Sennheiser CX700 headphones.  I bought them about a year ago and they have held up well.  The ear buds have a nice shape and the fit is great.  They're comfortable, easy to put on, and stay in place!  The only problem I have is that the ear buds do not come with a carrying case.  If you want to keep your headphones in case of travel, this is a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  I had a lot of problems with the previous one so I decided to purchase this.  It's a little more expensive than the previous but I have to say it's worth the price.  A great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just awesome!  It fits my Dell Inspiron 1520 and my Dell XPS M10 nicely.  It is also nice that it can be configured to a keyboard.  I was impressed with the speed it was able to transfer my documents from my Inspiron to the printer without any problem. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine and has great sound. Very good price, very good quality, great price to get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very good, not overly loud but not over-powering. I will be buying another one to use with my HP laptop.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great.  I do have a problem with the size of the cable.  It is a little too short.  If you are trying to transfer a lot of files, this could be a problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this memory card for my new MacBook, and I love it.  It works perfectly.  Great price, and the product is great.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this camera mainly for my camcorder.  I like it so much I bought the S2A.  The S2D is slightly better, but I use it primarily for recording my cam.  This camera is well worth the money.  There are better options out there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The cable that comes with the product is a little small for a larger TV, but it is certainly a nice upgrade for my TV. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great electronic device. I'm very pleased with the product.  It's easy to use. I will be purchasing another to go with my Sony VAIO M20. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card for my Macbook Pro and it's been an absolute pleasure. I'm so happy that the price was so low because the card works so well and is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my son's room. I got these for $12.00 a pair. I have not had a problem with these speakers. They sound great and they're easy to install. They're the same price as the speakers that they replace! The only thing that I would recommend is that the cord for these speakers is a little shorter than the original, because it's a little more difficult to get the speakers on and off the shelf! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this card and was pleased to see it was so small! I have a big old Sony player (VXA500) and wanted to switch to something smaller so I could have it all in one space.  It was easy to install and it works perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound, very good price. Good price for the price. I had no problem with this product, the sound is very clear, the only thing that I have to do is hook it up to the CD player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is awesome. I had my first HD cam and needed something to record and transfer the files. This card works perfectly and is well worth the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had my phone for almost a year now.  It is now time for a replacement!  This is the best phone I've had in that time.  I can use my PC, my iPhone, and my iPad on the same call and everything is done with ease.  If you are not a big fan of the old Nokia phones and want to save a few bucks, buy this phone.  You will not regret it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product. I have two 2GB memory cards, both are full. I can get up to 30 pictures in a 4MB card, which is a lot.  The product itself is a nice piece of plastic, but not the most rigid plastic 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife. She is very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item about 3 months ago and I love it.  I have only used it on the internet and it is working perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this card to play MP3 files and it's very well worth the money.  I'm very happy with it.  The card has a small footprint, fits well in the case and the sound is excellent.  If you want to play music without an external drive then this card is for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great radio for my wife and I.  I like the sound and the price.  Great buy.  We will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my daughter's first computer, and she loves it.  The case is nice and it's very comfortable to hold.  If you have a small hand, I wouldn't recommend this case, but if you are on the larger side, it is great!  It also has plenty of space for the keyboard and mouse, and has room for the cable to stay in the case.  It is also a great price for what you get. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing I don't like is that it is a little too large for my wife's laptop.  It has a small hole that sticks out from the bottom of the screen, which means it is not quite as wide as she wants.  But I've gotten used to it.  I'd recommend this product to anyone looking for something for their laptop that will fit.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I use the antenna in my car and it has worked flawlessly.  It is easy to use and works with the car radio.  A good buy for your car 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice, works great with my Sony mp3 player and it looks like it will hold up for many years.  I just bought an iPod Mini, and this is what I needed to help with iPod compatibility 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device.  I like it, but I can't find anything to improve the sound.  It's just good.  The only negative is that you have to turn the volume up to about a half-thirty.  But if you're looking for something like this, I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! It is small and can fit nicely in your pocket or purse. I have it on my desk at work and use it every day.  It is a little bit expensive but the price is well worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is nice, and the sound is really good.  The only problem I had with it was the USB slot.  Don't get me wrong.  I use the CD player alot, but I have a lot of USB devices and adapters 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The product is lightweight and the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has provided the ability to record at 24" at 6.0 megapixels.  The sound quality is excellent.  It is easy to use and the software is easy and intuitive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to play my CDs.  The sound is great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a bit more expensive than the price suggests, but the price is right and the sound quality is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned an HP TouchPrint printer for many years and it is an oldie but a good one.  I bought this HP ink cartridge from Staples last year and was very pleased.  The ink is the best I have seen yet, I use it for many pages in the day and it does the job.  Very happy with HP, and the price was great.  Buy it, you will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works perfectly. It is smaller than other ones I've used, but it is much more durable. The price is great.  I am very satisfied with this card, and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a card that will not break the bank.  It's a great card for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new CD player that could play both the mp3 and MP3 format. I was not able to find any player at the time that could do both so I bought this CD player. I am very pleased with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound!  Great price!  We were looking for a good sound card for our HP laptop and this card is a perfect fit! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well for my kids, and it's a great value.  I like the size and the fact that they have it all to themselves with no cords.  They don't want to get their hands dirty! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because the original HP Pavilion GX-800 and its successor, the HP Pavilion R700, were not very good. The HP Pavilion C Series (HP Pavilion G300) was great, but I wanted a little bit better. I am a student and needed a small notebook.  I liked the HP GX500, but the HP C Series would give me the same performance.The HP G600 is great for both my personal and work.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy for my 2 iPod's.  The sound quality is good, but I wish the case was a little more sturdy.  My son is 5 years old and loves his iPod.  I have one of the cases and he has to use it for hours before he even thinks about putting it away 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great!  We used this in the car for a few months and had no problems.  We've only had to use it a few times and have had no problem so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds are great!  I was hesitant because they didn't have the ear tips that were on the other earbud.  I ordered the earbude and they arrived with tips!  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works like a charm, the only thing I can see is the size of the product, because it is not that much smaller than a typical product, however, it is a little bigger and it works out fine.  I am a little disappointed that this is not a CD player, however it will work for mp3 player, if you are not that concerned about the size.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a new user and needed a CD player with a CD-RW player. This player does the job and is a great buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my HD DVD player.  It looks great, works great and has a great sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great.  The picture is excellent.  I bought this for my wife and she loves it.  She can't see the difference between the picture and the one without it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked as I expected.  It is a little larger than I expected, but not too much.  I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  It's small enough for a small TV, but large enough to do all the work needed to keep it running.  It looks cool, works well and has a lot of features.  I just wish it had a bit more capacity for my TV (it's an S6).  I would definitely buy another one for my other TV if I didn't already have one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great.  The only thing that's not right is that it has a little more than 4GB, so you have to unplug the memory stick to make room, but you get a little better sound quality than I would have expected with the default settings.  I think it's fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised! I did not need to buy the software and plug it in, it just works.  I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to take my TV to the other side of town and get the 4k broadcast.  I purchased this for the TV and the speakers to take the place of the ones that I had in the house.  The speakers are great.  This thing is the best I've ever owned.  You can't find anything better for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, excellent service. It's easy to use, looks great, works well.  You don't have to spend an arm and a leg on it, and it fits nicely.  The only complaint I have is that the antenna comes with a small rubber piece that is difficult to put back on.  But it's not a big deal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is very convenient for the person who needs to monitor their IP camera.  There are two buttons to operate the unit. The first is the up button which does not move the camera up or down.  The second is the down button which moves the camera down. Both are located on the top of the camera body.  I have not had any problems with this unit 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like it. It's very easy to use and works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great, as I expected.  I was having a tough time finding the volume that I wanted, but it was easy to dial in.  The sound is excellent and the microphone is excellent.  It has a very comfortable design, which I am very happy with 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well and is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, it fits all my mac computers.  You can't find a better product on the market 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are nice.  They're a little expensive but if you're not able to find a better one, I recommend this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is very clear and crisp and I love the sound quality and convenience it provides.  It is also a nice looking piece of gear.  The only negative review I have about it is the sound is too weak at times when you're listening to music or a phone call.  For that reason I wouldn't buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound of this mic! I have a lot of noise in my apartment and the only way I can record and edit my voice is to use the Zoom H5. This mic really does a great job of capturing my voice, and is great for recording interviews.  I don't like the XLR inputs that they have, but they're fine!  I really like the sound when I use the mic on my laptop.  The sound is great!  The microphone is so comfortable and it's not hard to use.  You can even clip it to your clothing or tie!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's easy to use and works fine.  I like the touch pad and the sound quality is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great electronic device.  The only thing that I did not like was that the microphone does not have a rubber ring that holds the microphone in place.  This is a very small microphone.  I do not think this is a big problem because I do like small mics.  However I do need a rubber-ring to keep the microphone steady.  It would have been great if they added a rubber band to hold the microphone securely in place 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and was exactly as described. The only downside is that it is not as slim as the other ones in the same price range.  It is very easy to hold and works with most computers.  However, it does require a bit more space than the other brands I have tested 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal. I was looking for a good price and I am pleased to say that I am not disappointed. It is a bit bulky and a little bigger than I expected. But it fits the space and looks cool. I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it everyday, for my daily computer. I do not know about other uses.  It is easy to use, but if you have a slower computer, it will not be as fast as the older model, but you get the best performance you can get.  I would buy this again, because it is very efficient. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she loved it.  The sound quality was fantastic and she could barely hear any difference with the headphones.  She was able to hear the difference in the car as well as on the phone.  Very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price, I really like the fact that it works with all my iPod's and mp3 player's.  I really don't have any problems with it, I'm very happy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent phone. I have a Sony mp3 player and have not had any problem with it. It is very easy to use. I love the fact that I can put my CD player in the CD slot.  Great sound!  The only thing that is a little annoying is the sound when you are in the airplane. I had to turn the volume all the way up to get it to play, but it's not a big deal.  If you are worried about sound when your plane is about to land, you will have to use the headset which is a bit more cumbersome, but worth it.  It's a great phone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is amazing.  The only problem is that you have to be careful to get it out of the case when it's not being used.  It's so easy to put it back when you want to use it.  No worries 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item I bought was defective.  It was only a few weeks but that was a lot better than the $100 that I had to pay for shipping to get my DVD player repaired.  I love the sound quality and the ability to put my iPod/CD player on the side.  This is my fourth iPod/iBook player in a row that has worked out fine.  My previous two had problems and I have had to return both.  The sound quality is great but the price was very reasonable.  Overall, the sound is excellent and the case is very sturdy and easy to use.  Very happy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this as a replacement for the old one that died.  The picture was very clear and sharp and the sound was a little better.  I didn't use this at all when I first received it, but now it's my main TV.  It is very easy to use and works well.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  You can get alot of use out of this, but it's also very easy to setup.  It's really nice to have in the car.  We don't need to worry about replacing the CD player when we need to play something that we can't remember the song.  I have it in my car now and haven't had any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The memory is amazing. I have been looking for an SSD for a long time and I'm so glad I found this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second USB drive for my PC and it works as advertised.  I haven't had any problems with it so far.  If I could I would give it 5 stars 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great product. I am a professional videographer and had to use a second camera to get the same video quality. I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It has great sound, is well made, has a great remote, and is small enough to be portable.  If you want something that will protect your speakers and give you a good price without having to buy something else, this is it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little nervous buying this but I love it.  You don't have to worry about batteries in the future as they are included 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife. She has arthritis, and it does the job.  The only complaint I have is that the stand is only adjustable to 10 cm or less.  I will get a larger one for her if I ever need to change it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to record music on my iPod, and it is excellent!  You can record your songs with a high quality audio player, and also view your music while you're playing it in your car.  It is well made and does a good job of protecting my iPod while I'm driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product and it is a good product. I have an HP Pavilion laptop and I needed a wireless card in case I could connect to the internet on my network. It is a little bit bulky but it works. I am very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Toshiba Satellite HDD for a laptop. It worked great with Windows XP and it is very small. I needed a smaller drive and the Seagate I am using is a great size. It was a pain to find the smallest HDD but it was a great price and worked great. The Seagate comes in the box with the HDD in it and I was able to remove the case and have a nice look at the HDD. I did have to remove it once to open the case. The drive was in perfect condition. I had it for over a week and still have it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works exactly as advertised.  It is compact, very easy to use, works well with my iPod, and it looks nice! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy solution for those who have a very small area for their LCD. The picture is bright and sharp. I used this in conjunction with the Canon's PowerShot G8 for my home theater setup.  I had to use an adapter to connect my TV to the monitor. I could not find one that would fit the case, so I just used the built-in TV connection.  It worked great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not a fan of the small flat screen display that the other reviewers mention.  It's not too bright, but not too dim.  I love the small and lightweight case that it comes with.  The price is right and it's great to have something that looks nice and is a pleasure to use.  Don't get it on sale at the store though 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is great and the sound is great. The only thing I would suggest is getting a little bit of noise reduction, like you do on my Panasonic TV. You can still hear the TV through the speakers but the volume is slightly quieter and you can see your TV better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the product.  The picture is a little smaller than the picture shown on Amazon, but it is a small price to pay.  I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a 32" TV, and I wanted to upgrade to a bigger one. I was thinking the DVI cable, which I already had. Well, I just ordered it, and it's awesome.  I got a small dvd player for my TV and it is a lot smaller than the old one.The picture is amazing and I love the picture quality. I use the dvd to record the programs I want to watch, and the remote to control the TV. I love this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first Sony unit, and I am pleased with the quality and ease of use.  The sound is great, the remote is easy to use, and the speakers are a great value for the price.  I recommend this product to anyone who is new to Sony product and is looking for an inexpensive alternative to the larger, more expensive units.  It's also nice to have a remote that can be used to adjust volume levels on the receiver itself, which can be a little tricky to find sometimes, but it's a nice bonus to have. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a nice case for your Mac.  The only thing I would be concerned about is if it leaks a little bit, but it's a little difficult to clean up the dust with a cloth anyway 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great little soundcard, but it does require a little bit of patience.  If you do have a bad record in your CD player (or are not using CD quality music) you will want to get one of these for your CD deck 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm. Just like the picture.The only problem is it doesn't have a remote for the TV, but if you can't figure out what to do with it you'll have no problems. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is wonderful.  The only complaint I have is the size of the headphones.  I wish they were slightly smaller because the size does make them a little less comfortable to wear.  It would also be nice to have a pair of the ear buds in a different color, maybe blue, but I don't know if they would work with the Sony earpods that I already have.  If the headphones are slightly bigger I would recommend getting the Sony MDR-1000X because they have a little more volume but I'm still happy with the headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. I was a little worried it would not fit my iPod, but it fit and is solid.  The sound is amazing and is not too noisy.  I am very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works well for the price. I would have preferred it to be a bit better, but it's ok for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy to use and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it on my laptop and it is great.  I wish I could find the right one for my printer but Amazon's is good.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter who wanted a CD player to use with her laptop.  The CD player is a very good one.  It does not take up much space and works great.  I would recommend this product to anyone who has a laptop and is looking for a CD/DVD player to play music.  This is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a wireless adapter that could connect to my laptop. The Logitech is great! I use it to plug in my keyboard and mouse. It has a USB port that you plug your laptop into, then connect your wireless keyboard/mouse to that port. You just have to click a button on your wireless device and the connection will be made. It's fast, and works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the product.  It's the best product I have used so far.  The case is nice, but the sound quality is the best I have ever heard.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device for my wife and I. We use this to record the TV we are watching on.  We get an excellent picture and sound with this little unit.  The sound quality is great and the price is a steal.  It is compact enough to easily fit into a bag or pocket and fits nicely in the TV case.  I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing piece of gear.  We used to do this with our TV for several years and found it to be a great improvement.  I would buy this again and again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for your Mac. It has a great sound and the only thing I would change is the cable for a little more flexibility 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it for my wife, and it's great.  Great price, and the sound is great.It's just as small as the original I got, but it's not the case of "you get what you pay for".  It's an excellent piece of gear 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  I've had a lot of scratches on my ipod, and the one with this sound is perfect for the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product on my Canon XA-100 and I am pleased with the results.  The Canon SIX USB to E-Flash has done a fine job in recording video and saving photos with great results 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great electronic device. It worked like a charm.  It was easy to use, very easy to install and easy to take apart.  I would recommend it for a small electronic device like this. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers have very good sound, and they look very nice.  They also sound great with the built in subwoofer, and the price was great.  Great speakers!  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son and it works great.  I do wish it had a lower price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only problem I had with this product was the fact that the remote does not have an on/off switch. I am now using the "Touch" button to switch between the two units. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, good price. It works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Easy installation. Very small. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item works well and looks very nice!  The only complaint is that the volume is not adjustable.  I had to do some work to get the volume to be at the level I wanted.  For those who are in the same situation, the volume control is really easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a 2nd gen iPod and it worked perfectly the first day.  I was so impressed with the sound quality that I decided to get a bigger iPod, and this is what I got.  The iPod is nice and lightweight and has a great battery life.  It is also very convenient to carry around and store in my car, and the battery case it came with was great.  You don't need to buy an extra battery, but the case is nice.  Also, the case itself is nice to hold and the design is great.I would definitely buy this case again, and it has great value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new printer to use on my home network.  The printer worked great, I just needed to print some pictures to prove it was working.  I just wish the printer had a larger print area.  You can print a small document on it and it prints fine.  If you want to print something bigger than you will need a bigger printer.  Not to mention the printer is very light and it's a joy to use.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound, the price is right.  I don't know if they have a bad case or what but it is well worth the price.  If you are looking for something that will fit the car speakers in the back seat it is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod touch is a nice little iPod that looks great and plays great.  It's a great value for the price and the sound is great.The only thing I didn't like was the lack of a memory card slot for my old flash player.  I'm glad it included a memory case, but it's a bit too big to carry around and it's hard to find a good one in the stores.  If you can find a case, it's really cool to have.  You can also use the included cases to store the iPod on your lap, which is great because it gives you a place to put your feet while the iPod is playing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is very easy to use, looks very cool, and the price was right.  I would buy another if I could get one at a discount 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife, and we've had it for over a week and it's working perfectly!  Very happy with the product.  We love the ease of use and the picture quality is great.  Don't be fooled by the picture; this product is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my cheapie.  I love the sound, but it is very light and small.  If you are looking for a little more volume and a larger screen, then this is your best option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my daughter's birthday. It works perfectly and it is very small.  Great price.  My daughter loves it.  We bought one at Walmart and have used it every day since.  You will not regret buying this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works exactly as advertised.  It is a little bulky, but if you do not need a CD player this is a nice alternative 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent, easy to use, and very comfortable to use.  The only thing I would like is to have a longer cable to hook up the power, but this one does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  The sound is crisp and clear.  You can't beat the price for such a great product. It's a little pricey, but I can't buy any other sound card in this price range.  I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a good wireless device. This product is well worth the money. It is very fast, very clear and works very well. I have had it for a few weeks and it works great. I would buy it again if needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for my printer.  It is very easy to use.  The software is very helpful 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I wanted.  It is easy to install and I don't need to mess with cables.  I did have a problem with the first day but it was solved by the second day. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound, very durable.  Easy to use, nice price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very well made, the product is solid and is exactly what I needed.  I would recomend this product to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product and it is a great product.  I use this on my desktop and it gives me very nice sound.  The only problem is that you have to hold the product firmly to the desk to keep the screen from moving around.  It does work and it sounds great.  But it is annoying if you have the product on the floor or your kids play with it and get it on the desk.  You can't really use it in that way 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, and I would definitely recommend it. It is a little bit larger than I expected, but it was still easy to use and it has worked like a charm.  It has a nice feel and it's easy to operate.  I love the remote.  The sound quality is very nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this card because my HD DVD player is old and I needed a bigger card. I like it a lot.  It is very stable and fast.  I like the card for its small size and its small price.  The only negative review I have is the picture is not perfect.  You can see a bit of the sky if you don't have very bright sun.  But, it is not a huge problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well worth the money. The cable is easy to use and the sound is great. I have had no problems with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price.  I do have one complaint however, which is that the speakers can be a little bit too loud.  You need to turn them down a little 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sennheiser PXC-5000 is the best product I've ever owned, and I'm not alone.  It has a small footprint, fits nicely in my pocket and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so impressed with the product that I bought another.  They're easy to use and work well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is exactly what I needed to get my laptop to sleep.  It's not quite as strong as the other product, but it's still a great price and the product works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is just what you expect, but the price is good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic, I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so impressed with this product, I bought it and put it to use as my backup hard drive.  It's small and light.  Great product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great! The only thing I wish was a little better would be that it was a bit louder than my previous one, which is a little less than perfect.  It is nice to have an option to be quieter if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  The only complaint I have is that the sound is a bit weak and not as loud as I would like.  But it's still a nice sound for the money.  It's a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card and it works perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  It is a little expensive for what it is, but if you need something that can keep your iPod playing in case of power failure, then it is a great product.  The iPod is a lot quieter than the previous ones, but still plays just fine.  If you don't like the fact that the battery is built-in, then you will have to buy another battery, but the product is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product a few weeks ago for my daughter to use on her laptop.  The sound is excellent, and the price is right.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product for the price. It's small and light and works very well with my Mac and other machines. I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for anyone who does not like the original memory cards that came with their iPod.  It allows you to add memory to your iPod at any time and also has an interface that makes transferring to an MP3 player as easy as typing a few words.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy to install, works as advertised.  Great price, easy ordering.  I am very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great for the price.  It does exactly what it is suppose to do.  I would recommend this card to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my wife who is a beginner in digital camera.  It worked perfectly and was a great value.  I would definately recommend this product to anyone who has a digital camera with limited storage space 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome! I had my old mouse mouse, it had a bad click, and it took me awhile to get used to it.  This mouse is easy to use, has nice clicky buttons and you get a nice clear picture with the mouse on.  I really like this mouse.  If you need a mouse that is a bit more stable for typing, or you want a mouse with a touch screen, this mouse is a great option!  If your mouse is broken and you can't find one, I can recommend this mouse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned this product for over a year now and love it.  I used it to record some photos and videos and now it has served me well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great improvement over the iPod, in my opinion.  The player has more volume, plays more mp3s and has better sound.  It is also slightly easier to use, since the buttons are easier to reach and the volume control has a nice touch.  I would like to see this product included with every iPod, so that if you have an iPod, you can easily find it in the market place. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this mouse, and it is excellent.  It is very comfortable, and the buttons are great!  The only negative is that the mouse is very noisy, especially on low speeds.  Buttons have to be very small, and that is a plus!  I would recommend this mouse for all your mouse needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers have a nice sound for the money.  It's great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is really great. I am very happy with the purchase. I also like the size. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use. It is an excellent product.  It has saved me a lot of money in the past and it is an ideal choice for those who need to move between networks.  I have it plugged into my router and use it as a router. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to install and works as expected.  I will purchase another one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The cable was exactly what I wanted for my sound card. It is a little heavier than I expected but for a good price I'm happy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound card, and the best bang for the buck! I am very pleased with the sound quality, sound volume, and ease of installation! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my Panasonic DVD player and it has performed perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had an iPod with the same player since they first came out.  I now have two.  Both work with my iPod.  They have no problems with my other player.  It has a built in CD player. It has great sound quality.  Great sound is a must for me.  The player is compact and well designed.  We have had no problems whatsoever.  This player is great for the money.  If you don't want to take the time to clean the player and play CDs, you can just remove the CD player cover 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this card for my brother.  It works great, and is a nice upgrade from my old SDC card.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  It is very compact and has very good sound.  The remote is also very nice, very easy to use.  I will buy another one of these for my second Sony product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers sound great and the sound is clear and crisp.  It comes with a case that is very nice to have.  The price is right for the quality of sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this CD player to replace my Sony CD player that was on the verge of falling apart.  The CD player is great!  I love the sound, and the case is great.  I am sure that it will last forever! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external drive to backup my mp3 player on my desktop. The Seagate HDT was a great buy. It's got a lot of room for storage. It also has an ejectable drive.  It's also got a nice case, but it's not too thick.  I'm happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using these monitors for about a year now.  They're great for the price.  I like the flexibility of the stand and the way they stand up to my needs.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a nice addition to my home office, and it is very easy to use and use it as it is, the only thing that could be better is if the item came with a case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little worried about this product when it came in the mail, because I thought the product was a bit bulky for my TV.  I had the TV in for a test and it was actually a pleasure to use.  This is the best product I've purchased, it is easy to use and looks nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, as my wife loves it.  We bought 2 sets of speakers because we couldn't agree on which one to get.  It is small enough to be carried everywhere and it is easy to set up.  The sound is great!  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal, and very efficient, but for my Sony RX-700 camera, I needed to purchase the new Panasonic AVK20-W as a replacement.  The new AVK is much better.  I did have to do a little adjustment to the settings to make sure I was getting the best possible picture quality.  Still a great product, but a lot better in terms of resolution.  Very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this because my son has had his iPod shuffle for 6 months and now has to replace it because of a defect in the plastic shell.  This thing is absolutely awesome!  The only reason I wouldn't buy this is if I wanted the ability to take a picture while the shuffle was playing.  I use the iPod shuffle as my iPod music player and also as my camera.  The pictures that come out are very nice, but I do wish I could take a better picture while it's playing because it can get very noisy!  It will certainly hold up for an age.  It's a great product, but it is not for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very pleased with this product. I use a D-Link DL-110 to connect my iPod and it is so easy and easy to use.  I have not had any problems yet 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product for several years now and have never had any problem with it.  I use this in conjunction with my laptop.  You can't go wrong with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this card and it is a great buy.  It works great and is easy to use.  I use my Sony DVD player to record and it does not lag when I play back the DVD.  Also, the price is good! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a great product.  You don't need to spend a lot to get a nice product.I used this product for 2 years and am now very satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome!  I use it for my PC.  I have a HP Pavilion Pro and use an HP CD-ROM reader, so I can now use the CD player as a printer.  It has been a great investment for both of us.  This printer is an excellent choice for us!  The only thing I would note is that it takes longer to set up than most others.  However, I don't use it to print too often (I have a slow computer), so it's not a huge deal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only problem I have with this product is that the picture quality is not the same as that provided by the iPod.  I was only able to get the same quality on the iPod with the case.  The case provided a clear picture and it did the job.  It does have the advantage that the case is reusable and if it gets damaged it can be replaced.  However I would not buy this product if I didn't have the case because the picture is not as good as that of the iPod itself.  If you are looking for a case that provides a clear image for your iPod then this product provides you with that.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product for the price.  It has a great sound and looks cool.  The only thing I would like is to see it on the shelf longer than a month.  I use this daily and have not had a problem with it.  This product is a great value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an improvement over the old ones.  The sound is better, the price is great, and the cable is a great deal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item was exactly what I expected and is exactly what my daughter and I needed.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and it is very easy to use.  The sound is good and it can do everything I need and more. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great. I have had it for two weeks and I am using it for my HP LaserJet Printer.  You can't beat the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I'm using it to record my music on my iPod and it works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound and the features.  I'm a professional and need to hear the difference between different audio sources.  So I bought the 2.1 with the built in mic, and I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is great, however the installation was a little difficult to get through. The manual for installation is great and the product works like a charm, but it takes a little bit longer to set up the connection. The included warranty is a great bonus for this product, but in my case it wasn't enough.  I am happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Nikon D3200, and I am very pleased with this camera.  It is very compact and very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price. Good price too. I did not have any problem with sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have not found a better price than this one.  The price is excellent, it is easy to set up and use and the picture quality is amazing!  The only thing that I would change is to keep the battery in place as it gets low.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to get the most out of their camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the cord is longer than I expected.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is excellent and it's not too big!  I love the sound of my ipod, so I was not too worried about the size of the player.  The player also has a great balance, it doesn't sound like it is too loud, but it isn't too quiet.  I am very happy with the sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was as advertised, and worked perfectly.  I needed a DVD player, and this did the job.  If you need to buy a new player, I would recommend this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, has worked as expected. Good value, not cheap.  I love the sound of my iPod, it is much better than my old cd player, and has a much better sound.  The sound is also much better if you have an older mp3 player, the player has a greater sound quality.  If you want to get a good player, get a mp3 iPod with built in iPod tuner, i would recommend the AudioQuest player, you get it at Amazon for $30 and you get 2 years warranty.  Buy the player at Amazon, Amazon will ship you a free iPod tunemode, the free tunemodes will work with all mp3 players 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent, works perfectly with my Panasonic DVD player, and it is the cheapest option that is a direct plug-in replacement for my TV.  I will buy another Panasonic DVD in the future, and this product is a great alternative 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I have my Sony SACD player, and I don't have to worry about the sound being muffled.  It's a great improvement over the iPod.  The CD player is sturdy, and the case is nice.  But if I need to take the player out, I will always keep the case on, as it is much more convenient.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works fine. I like the ability to have my mouse right in the middle of the keyboard, but I also like the mouse is lighter and easier to hold.  I love the idea of having my mouse closer to the center of the laptop, and it's easier to use if you have a larger mouse pad, as I have.  The only negative thing I would have to say is the fact that the mouse can be easily lost when using this product.  For some reason the mouse button can only be pressed to activate the mouse when the pad is pressed in a certain way.  However, this is a very simple fix, and the product itself is well worth the price.  It is a great product, and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and it is a big hit! I like the size and it looks nice. It is very easy to use, has a nice sound, and the only thing that I don't like is that it doesn't come with a power cord. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It is easy to install and it is really nice to have it in the car! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These work as advertised and are nice, but you will need to add a splitter if you want to use them for audio applications. The price is great and I am sure it will last for years. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to own a Sony DVD player and was a bit disappointed with the sound. I wanted to be able to enjoy DVD's with my Sony stereo, so I decided to get this Sony player. The sound is much better, the volume is more than adequate, and the sound quality is quite clear and crisp. It is a little hard to set up, but once it is done, the sound is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod Touch 5G is a great product, just not as powerful as the previous iPod. It does have a small amount of memory, but I would say it is enough to keep it useful. I would give it a 5 stars if it came with a CD player and a battery case, but that is a luxury item. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this cable on my home network. The speed is fast enough to handle my needs, but the picture is so crisp that I find it very satisfying 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. I've had my laptop for about a month now, and haven't had any problems yet.  The picture is excellent, especially for an 11" laptop.  It is not loud, but does not distort at all.  Very pleased with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well and the price is right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice electronic device.  You do not need to mess with an adapter to use this cable with your TV.  It will work great with your DVD player, DVD player receiver, etc.  I am very satisfied with the purchase and will recommend this cable to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I was looking for and it was delivered timely 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price.  I would not use anything else, because I was able to get two of them and one of them works perfectly and I will not use the other one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card for everything.  I have a MacBook Pro which has a CD drive that requires a lot of disk space, and I had the old, un-working Lexar 6MB.  Lexar has now introduced a better product: the Lexar X700 (also called the Lexa).  I am very pleased with the Lexra X700, and the Lexara has done a great job for me.  The Lexa is not as expensive as the Lexars I had, and it is much more compact.  It does not have the Lexart logo, but it is made from Lexar and has the Lexicon branding.  So it is a Lexar brand, and not Lexar, and is clearly identifiable as Lexar product.  If you don't care about Lexar branding, then the Lexarus X700 will work just as well.  However, if you want Lexar to be a Lexa brand, then I would say that this card is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Toshiba DVD recorder that I use in all my work and school projects.  I've tried a number of different methods to find the best sound for my project.  This one is the best.  If you want to record music and have a lot of space in your computer, this is the one for you.  It has an internal volume control that makes it easy to turn up or down the volume when needed.  The sound is clear and the price is excellent!  I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in using this recorder to record their work 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my husband. He had problems with previous Sony player's that were not compatible with the sound card. However, this player is an excellent product.  It is easy to use and the sound is very clear.  The sound is also clear in a small room setting.  My only complaint is that this item is not as well packaged as the Sony's.  However, it does come with everything you need for the installation.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife who is in her 20s and loves to use the iPod Touch.  I also purchased the wireless adapter for the iPod so that I can listen to my music in my car.  This is an absolute bargain!  The only thing that I would recommend is that the antenna be a little more stable than what is included with the product.  If you do have a problem, just contact the company that makes the product and they will send you a replacement 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item a month ago.  It works very well and has all the functions I need.  I use it every day.  The only problem is that the screen has an image bleed at certain angles and the color seems a little faded.  Other than that it works very nice and is very portable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It fits perfectly.  The sound is excellent.  I used the Sennheiser Momentum earbuds for a while and have not had any problems with them.  They work great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product!  My husband and I love the sound, and it was easy to set up!  We will definitely buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my car radio was constantly dying and I had to deal with it. I thought the iPod was overpriced at $99.99 and it does the job just fine. I haven't had any problems with it so far. The only thing I would like is if they made a larger version of the iPod for the older iPod nano, maybe the model I bought has a different case than the newer model does. I would still be glad to buy this model if I needed an iPod that could survive my daily commute (it was my only choice). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not sure why everyone says this is a bad mp3 player. It's absolutely awesome! The sound is better than what I got with my Sony D6100 and it's a lot smaller! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well.  The sound is excellent.  Very easy to use.  You can set it for different volumes depending on the environment 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was well worth the price.  The picture is very clear, and has a very long lasting battery.  I would definately buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, just like they say. It works great and the only problem is that you need to have an external mouse plugged into the card itself. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card because my previous one didn't work and my wife was in the middle of a major upgrade and wanted to get a new card.  I had to do a lot of searching for the best one, but I finally found it.  It was fast and easy to install, and it works! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal for the money.  The only problem is that the power button is not quite as sensitive as I would like, but not a big deal.  A good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed for my iPod. It is easy to use and the sound is awesome 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works just like my other two, but not as cool. I bought this because it is small enough to hold in my car and have room to put in my DVD player.  I was worried it would be too bulky for my TV, but it is perfect!  I also love the color and sound.  The picture is great, the sound is good.  Great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! I use it with my HP Pavilion HP2040.  It is very easy to use and works very well.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, and is nice to have 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to get an additional battery for my Dell laptop. I didn't even think to get it for it's value, but the price was great and the item came promptly.  I've had my laptop and it's lasted a lot longer than it was before with this battery, so I think I'll buy another one for my work laptop. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these speakers in my car. They are great, but the volume control is a little stiff at times. I got these on sale at a good price so I wanted to try them out. I really like them and would buy them again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this to put a CD player in my car. It is a nice size and does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product, and it's very affordable.  I like it because it can be used on both desk and laptop computers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The mouse works great.  It is easy to use and doesn't give me any headaches.  The only negative is that the optical tracking is not as accurate as I expected.  I got a little bit of lag, but not too bad.  Overall a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described.  You can hook up all the accessories to it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great price for a decent electronic device. I would buy again for the size and price. I use it for both my Canon and Panasonic camcorders. I will keep this product in my camera bag for when I need a spare.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  I have had to use it with two different cables (different color ones) and the product has held up great!  Great for my desk and it's lightweight.  The sound quality is fantastic 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the iPod shuffle and iPod nano in my car.  They both work fine with my car stereo.  Both have great battery life.  iPod shuffle has a 10-year battery life, while Nano lasts only 3.5.  I don't get a lot of mileage out of my iPod, so I like to have my iPod's in the trunk of the car, as the radio is not always where I am, and I dont have to worry about replacing the battery every 30 minutes 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I expected.  Works well.  Easy to install and use.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best product I have ever owned.  It is very sturdy, easy to use, easy installation, and has great sound.  I would recommend it to anyone who has a small home office.  The only problem I have is that it is not adjustable.  This would be a great product if you could adjust the volume or volume level from your home PC. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works perfectly for my MacBook Pro!  It has tons of storage and it is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great, very convenient and makes a lot of room for my SD card! I had my old card in there and now it's roomier, easier and less frustrating to keep track of! The only complaint I have is that it is a little difficult to turn the power switch on the back.  The button works great and is very easy to operate but it's a little tricky to turn it on and off because it has to be pushed really hard 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just perfect. It works great, has a nice look and is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's very nice to have a card that will hold your mp3 player in the car.  I use my mp3 players in the front seat of the car, and it doesn't bother me that they can't be stored in the glove box.  The only negative review I have about this card is that it has an annoying yellow sticker on the front that I don't like to use because it scratches and tears the car interior.  If you can afford to use the sticker, I suggest not using the card when you need to take the car into a service station 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best electronic device I've used to record my home stereo and also the only one I have had that does not require any adjustments.  I would like to purchase another one as my other one (Astro) will not hold its shape very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are the best earphones I've ever owned.  They fit comfortably and are very clear, even in the lowest setting 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best I've ever used for my iPod!  I have no complaints about the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these speakers, and they sound awesome. They have a nice balance between bass and treble, and the sound is great.  I haven't heard them yet, but I can tell you from experience, they sound great when connected to my iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great performance. I would recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy.  It's easy to set up, works fine, easy to use, and works very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Works great for my printer and I like the product overall.  Good price for the product. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using this cable for a DVD player, and am very pleased with it.  It is sturdy and holds the DVD player securely.  I like the cable that goes with it and the one that goes under the DVD.  You can't go wrong with either one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well, the price is great, and the service is very quick.  I am satisfied with my purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  I use the sound card in my desktop as well as my laptop, and both have great sound and the product has done the job!  The only problem is that the connector is slightly too long.  If you want to have a shorter connection, just go up to an 8-pin connector, which are slightly longer.  But that is a small price to pay for a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are very comfortable and very loud. I am a beginner and they have really helped with my hearing loss 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to upgrade my printer to a more compact model, which could handle printing on an A5 printer.  It works as advertised, but I do wish it would be a little lighter, because I can print much better on my A5 than my Printer Plus.  I have the Printer PLUS for the same price, so I'll stick with that.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. It's a great buy, the sound is clear and crisp and the only thing I would have to complain about is that the volume controls are slightly on the hard to reach side. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product. It works as advertised and is very easy to use. It fits well in my home. I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a novice home computer user and am looking for an upgrade to my office pc. I am an avid gamer and had to upgrade my system to take advantage of the new video card in my new pc, but still needed a way to record my game session. The sound quality was adequate and the optical drive was easy to use.  I have a Panasonic CFV2000 which uses the same card and is also a great upgrade, so I was sure I was buying the best card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for both Mac and PC. I have the 8GB memory and the 10GB SD card. The product works as expected.  I was surprised that it did not work on my HP Pavilion. I was also surprised at the price. I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse and I love it. It's easy to use, has a high-end feel, and is easy to clean.  I would buy this mouse again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  I needed to connect my laptop to my DVD player and the sound was clear and clear.  The only thing I wish was that the battery life was a little better.  If you want to connect your laptop to the player while it's running and you don't mind watching a little background noise then this product is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best I've seen in its class. It is very easy to use, easy to fit and mount. I have a Canon G12 and I was very pleased with the mount.  It has a great view and is very sturdy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my son's first DSLR. He liked them so much he bought them again for his daughter's birthday. Both cameras work very well. I would buy these again for sure 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great.  The unit is small but still fits well.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable because I have to plug in my Sony DVD player into my TV.  I don't use an HDTV.  It works.  Just plug in the cable, push the button, and the player is automatically connected to the TV.The only thing I wish was better was the fact that the cable is longer than the one included in the box.  Otherwise it's a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these speakers for my wife and they sound great. I would like to give them a 5 star review, however the speaker is a little flimsy and I wish it would be more solid than the one pictured, however I do not want to spend more on these speakers because I would rather purchase speakers with better sound quality than just a cheap speaker. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only used it once and its worked great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because the picture quality is great and the price was very reasonable.  I love the camera, but I was very surprised to see how little the flash costs.  It's just an easy deal when you compare it with the other models I've had.  The flashes are a little larger, but that is understandable because they are larger than the other flash models I have had.I would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a decent camera, as the price is great, but the quality is excellent.  My only complaint is that there are not any buttons that you can push, which would help to control the camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product and I would definitely buy again for another 10 years.  I can't believe it!  The case itself is very sturdy and protects the camera nicely.  It has an option to use an insert for the SD card, and I have not had any problems with the insert.  The lens is a nice one, but not too big.  This case is perfect for my camera.  Very pleased 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my wife and she absolutely loves them. They are great for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works perfectly. No problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised, works well with my Macbook Pro.  Great price and a nice product.  I've used both in the past and the product works very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this as I needed a portable device to use on my daily commute.  It has worked out very well.  The battery lasts for an entire day.  You can use it all day long and never worry about needing to charge it again.  I would recommend it for anyone who needs a little extra storage! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it about 2 weeks ago and it is working perfectly!  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great!  You get a much better picture than you could ever hope for with your cheap camera.  The quality is excellent!  It has the ability to record 4K (3840 x 2160) pictures, which is more than I expected.  I have not experienced any problems with the product at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with the product. It has held up very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable works well with my Sennheiser HD800, and works great with my iPod.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first keyboard to get and it's been a huge improvement.  You can type comfortably without looking at the keyboard because the keys are on the keyboard instead of your monitor.  The keyboard itself has a soft feel and is very easy to use.  I've had my laptop for a few years and I'm still very pleased with it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an inexpensive way to use your iPod in your car.  The unit is easy to use, and it's really easy to keep your iPod playing while the car is moving.  There's no chance of damage to your iPod or it's battery, which makes it an excellent buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great addition to my home network.  I am very pleased with the performance of this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for those who don't want to use the optical drive but want to store their movies, music and photos.  I haven't had any problems with this drive.  It is very sturdy and easy to use.  However, it's not quite as fast as I would like, but I have not had any trouble with it either.  Overall a great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great, it's easy to use, easy to install, and it's inexpensive.  It works great, but I would give it 5 stars if it came with a case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these for my son and I love them!  The first one I purchased worked for a short time.  Then one day I lost my CD player, and I couldn't find the one in the box anywhere.  So I bought another one, which works just as well.  I love this product.  It's an excellent product.I don't use CD players anymore, and they all use different media players, so I can't say if it's better or not.  But it works.  Buy it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well for my small electronic device. I bought two and one for my home theater system and one as a spare for my office PC. Both are very happy with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony product, and I love the product.  It is a great deal for the money.  I bought the original for my wife and I use it all the time.  The only drawback is the ability to use a laptop mouse while playing games with it.  This is a nice addition, and we use it on a daily basis 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product at a good price for the price.  Works well, looks nice.  It does come with a bit of a weight (compared to my others), but that is more a result of the case itself.  You may want to remove the bottom portion of the lid (not required) if you plan on putting it away from your keyboard and mouse (you can't do that with the other two).  Overall, it does the job. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I was looking for.  It is a bit heavy, but it is worth it.  The picture quality is excellent.  Very clear pictures, very fast transfer speeds.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great. The sound is clear and the receiver is very stable. It has plenty of memory for all the radio stations and allows you to switch between them without having to stop and restart. The only reason I don't rate this product higher is because the box it comes in is very small.  It's nice to have, but if you're looking for something more robust than the $40 Sony's you'll have to spend a little more. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was as described and works great.   I would definately recomend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for a good, easy to use MP3 player for the long-term. I have used a lot of player, but none that has really stood out.This player is a step in the right direction.  It is easy to connect, has a great sound, and has a convenient remote.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The cable was exactly what I expected.  It was nice and thin.  I wish I could get it in black and it would look more attractive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card works with my laptop, but you have to have an extra card for the wireless connection.  The one that comes with the card does not have a power button.  There is a power cable that attaches to the card to make it more usable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect. I've used it with my Canon Rebel T5 camera and I couldn't be happier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this DVD player a month ago, and I couldn't be happier with it.  It's a little bulky, but it is perfect.  I just wish it would play DVDs on the same speed.  If you are looking for a cheap DVD player, this is probably it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so excited when I first received this card.  It is so nice that I used it in my Canon A3000 and was not disappointed.  I would highly recommend this card for anyone that uses their camera often or wants to record with it.  The card is well designed and has a nice feel.  If you want to record the same video or pictures you do with your regular camera then this card will do the job.  However if you want a more comfortable camera this card is definitely the way to go 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because my old iPod Mini did not work with my Dell Ultrastuff.  I am using it now and it works like a charm!  You do not have to worry about plugging in the wrong way, just plug it in the right way and it will detect and play the media, which is much faster than the iPod Mini.  The battery life is excellent.  It also has a built in rechargeable battery that I love!  I will buy this product again! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this as a replacement for the TV with built-in DVD player.  This is a great electronic device and looks great.  There is a lot to like about the DVD player (it works great, and the sound is fantastic), but I would not trade it for this receiver.  The only real drawback is that the volume is very quiet.  But, it is also easy to use and it has a built-out CD player (the TV does not).  So, I still like this receiver 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cards work great for the price and I would buy again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. It is lightweight and compact, yet still provides all the connectivity you could ever want.  I was very pleased with the ease of installation.  The software was easy to use and works perfectly.  It is very reliable.  One drawback is that the product comes with a paper guide that is a little more flimsy than I would prefer.  This can be easily removed and replaced with the included "lighter" version that includes an easier to read printout.  Overall a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had the original version of this product for several months and just recently replaced it with the newer version, which has a better color screen and has better sound, too! The sound is really good, and the screen is easy to use. It's very easy to find the volume setting.The only negative thing I have to say about it is that the original unit was a little too big, but now the volume controls on this unit are smaller. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great! I've used it twice and it hasn't broke 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound quality out of all the Sony products I've tested, even surpassing the sound quality of my SONY Bose CD player.  You really don't get a bad electronic device unless you use it wrong.  Don't be fooled by the "Bose" name. This is a Sony product, not a Bose product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because I wanted to get a CD player that would not damage my computer. It is very easy to use. I love the look and the sound is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works.  I got the item for a friend who is a little new to using computers.  He liked it so much that he wanted one of his own.  Great price, good price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a good buy for my wife. She has a lot of monitors at her place and she likes having them all on one system.  It does not interfere with the cable that she uses to connect to the TV so she can still use the TV for watching while listening to music.  The picture is not the best when using it in the living room so I would recommend looking at the TV that is in the bedroom.  We get plenty of use out of the ones that we can put out there and they have been well worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has a nice sound quality and is easy to use.  I have both the AC adapter and the Sound Blaster card and they work together well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit was well packaged and the instructions were easy to follow. I've had an SDR for about a month now and am very pleased with the performance and ease of use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this product on a budget. I use it on my Panasonic DVD player and it's a great deal.  It gives me excellent sound, the only problem I've had is with the volume, it doesn't go very loud enough, I'm not sure if it's just a bad connection or if it is just my case.  I would definitely buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing I did not like about this product was that the DVD player did not play DVDs on my Sony DVP-C500.  After installing the software on my CD player, I was able to play my discs on the CD player with no problem.  Overall a great product, especially for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works. I wish it came with instructions on how to install the radio.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a bit leary of this type of card, but am glad I went ahead and purchased it because I can now play all my games with a couple of games running on my PC while surfing the net. The card is great.  I would not recomend it for gaming, but it is great for movies and general use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to make room for my iPod and I wanted to be able to hook up to a TV.  The iPod is small and portable but it works perfectly!  You get great sound and it is easy to connect.  I also needed an external power source so I used this product.  You can plug it into any wall outlet and it works.  My TV was already hooked up so I didn't have to worry about getting the remote and using it.  It is a great product and I recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works just as advertised. It was very easy to install and use.  I had a problem with my old iPod dock.  It would stop recording on the first few plays.  This dock solves that problem and gives you more options when recording.  Don't forget, the battery life is very good.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It has everything that you need in a digital device!  Very quick transfer speeds, great sound, easy to use...  I've been using this product for almost 2 years now, and I would recommend it to anyone that wants to transfer photos from one camera to another.  It is just what I needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price was right and the sound quality was as expected.  I use my Sony PX-800 for almost all of my home theater work and the PX is the only piece of gear I would ever consider buying again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second DVR (a Sony one). I was a bit hesitant to buy from Sony after I read the reviews and reviews on the site.  I thought I would have to wait a while to hear if the Sony DVR would meet my expectations.  After about 2 weeks of using this DVR, I have to say that it is well worth the price tag.  You can record your favorite shows, sports, and concerts with ease and the sound is pretty good.  The only drawback is that the DVR has to power up when you first plug it in.  A couple of times I had to unplug the power to make the DVCAM play and then I had the DIVCAM play.  However, it's not an issue because the DVM can play without the power on and is very convenient.  It also comes with a 10 year warranty.  Overall a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy and nice product to have.  I use this as my main source of sound.  It's got a lot of volume and it works great.  The sound is a little muffled compared to other headphones but it's not a deal breaker 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had my first Dell XPS 15 laptop, and the only thing I wanted to do was use it for more than just playing games.  So I ordered this laptop, because it did have the space, and I needed it.  This laptop has an i7 CPU, which is very cool.  It has plenty of memory, and it's small enough to fit in my pocket.  The screen is bright, and crisp.  I really like the included DVD player, which has a good sound quality and is very comfortable to use.  Plus, I like the wireless card for my iPad, and with the wireless keyboard, I'm able to use it as a desktop computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this card because I needed something that could store my photos and that I could carry around with me at all times. I was worried it would be too small, but I am very pleased with this card. I have used it twice now, both times in my laptop case and both times I have had no problems with my card being lost or damaged.  I wish it was as small as the Canon PIXMA 800 or the Sony PIXDA2000. However, the size is perfectly acceptable for this card, and the ability to transfer the pictures from the card to my computer is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product and am very pleased with it.  I would buy this again and will certainly do business with Sony again if they ever come up with another product that offers this kind of functionality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse after my old one died.  It was easy to use and had a nice feel.  I was worried that the mouse might be a little flimsy, but it is very sturdy and is very comfortable to use.  My wife is also a big fan of this mouse and has found that it is really a joy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product!  I use my iPod all the time and it was never an issue for me.  I just want to say I love the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product in my home office, and I absolutely love it!  I also use it to protect my CD player (it's a little smaller than the original one).  The picture quality is great.  The price is a little high for a portable CD player, but the product itself is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I am not able to connect my iPod to my computer with my old iPod. It works perfectly! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card was easy to install and works well with my laptop.  It has more than enough capacity to handle all my work.  I would recommend it for anyone who uses a small laptop 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item because my older iPod Mini was not working anymore.  It was working great, but it kept going out of memory and getting stuck.  The other product was too expensive for the same thing.  I just wish the price was lower!  I will keep it for another electronic device! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great antenna for the price.  If your TV has a signal strength less than 50Mhz I'd get something better.  But if you are using it as a TV antenna you will get excellent reception!  Great product, great price, fast shipping, and great customer service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod case is a great addition to the iPod. The case is easy to put on and takes the most of the weight out of the iPod so you can use your iPod while it is in your pocket. The design is great and has an easy to read font. The only negative I would have is that the cases have a tendency to get loose, especially after a while. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is as advertised and works as advertised.  It is very well made and the cable is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is very nice, very easy to use and easy to fit in the space in the car.  It has a little bit of an effect on the signal, so be careful when hooking up, but once you have it on, the signal is crystal clear and crisp.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to use with my Sony RX100 III and I have to say I am very satisfied with the product.  I was very surprised how the sound was so good.  You have to listen for it, it is so good!  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I have had a Sony receiver for almost 20 years and it still works!  I like the fact that the remote has a microphone and is so much easier to use than my previous Sony receiver, and the sound is awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the case. I was worried it wouldn't hold up to the pressure of the CD's.  It is perfect.  I have had my CD's scratched up the most, but they still have all held up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product!  Its easy to use and very durable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables to connect my iPod to my Mac.  They work!  I had to do a little adjustment, though, because I needed to use the headphones while the iPod was charging, which I didn't know at first.  But it worked out perfectly.  Very nice headphones! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I had my camera on the go and forgot to charge the battery.  Now I have my battery on the charger.  Works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best electronic device I've ever had.  I can't believe how easy it is to install and use.  It is also very stable.  My wife can't even touch it without the batteries running out!  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device, but it is worth every penny.  The product was delivered quickly and in perfect condition.  Very sturdy product.  It will hold all the DVD and Blu-ray discs that I will ever need 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. You can do the whole thing with one cord and the DVD drive can easily be disconnected from your TV if you need to use the player in another room. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works fine for the price and the sound quality is very good.  The only problem I have with it is the price tag is very high.  I would recommend this product if you want a decent sound system for a little money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony C6300 with a built in DVD player and now need a portable DVD player.  The CD player has worked great for years.  I also have an iPod which does not have a built-in player.I wanted something that would keep my iPod in one place so I could take it on the go with me.  Well, I bought this player and it is just so great.  It has a builtin CD player and an MP3 player for playing mp3's.  Both of them are in the case with the player.If you are looking for a portable CD player with a DVD player, then this is the way to go.  No batteries, no case, just great for carrying.  Not much else to complain about 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's just a small little mouse, but it works. I have my wireless keyboard, mouse, mouse pad, etc. in my house, and the wireless mouse was the only thing that could move. I've never used a mouse like this before! It's so easy and so functional. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great, it is easy to use and it works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is nice but not as clear as my last iPod which I bought new and it is more than twice as expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had no problem getting this mouse to work.  The mouse is very sturdy and very comfortable to use.  It's light weight, so the mouse is easy to carry around and use in the car.  I would highly recommend this mouse for anyone who has a very low-resolution mouse.  This mouse gives a better experience than my previous mouse, which I had for many years.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product in a couple of projects and it works perfectly.  No complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had been looking for a way to get my DVD player up and running quickly and without any fuss. This was it.  I did not want to lug my CD collection up and down stairs and I wanted it to stay on the floor of my bedroom where it could not be damaged.  It was easy to install, works great and is easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well.  It is easy to use and is very small.  There is no fuss with installation or anything else.  You can do everything you want to do with the unit without even looking at the instructions.  I am very satisfied with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works with my Canon 70D and Canon 6D.  The only problem is it is very difficult to transfer photos to it.  But, if you have that problem, just try it again with a different card.  It works fine with my old Canon 35mm film camera, so I am not too worried 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. No complaints from my wife. Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  You can't beat the price.  The product itself is excellent.  It works as advertised and looks great.  My only complaint is that the connector is only 8g!  I'm sure the manufacturer is doing it for a reason.  I like to carry a ton of stuff and I don't want to have to carry my power cord all the time.  With the 8g connector, I can't imagine I would ever lose it!  It is definitely worth the price and I would definitely buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well, has an adjustable sound to the max level of the car, is easy to install, and has a small amount of storage capacity.  If you want to record mp3s, mp4s, or mp4 players in the car for later listening to, this is a good choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It was easy to install and works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an excellent product.  Great sound.  You don't have to worry about any kind of wires getting caught on the sound.it is not as bulky as some other products.  It is lightweight and easy to hold.  This is a great product. i love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works perfectly.  The only problem is that it is in my case so the cable needs to be unplugged from the computer before the unit is installed.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product! I have had to replace an old cable with this one, and it's an excellent replacement 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this memory for my Dell XPS 13. It was a great price and came in a couple days later. I will definitely use this memory again. It's faster than the Kingston memory I had before and is the same price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a real beauty.  The only problem I had was that it did not work for me.  I had to call Amazon customer service and they sent me a replacement product that works great.  It's very compact and easy to carry around.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second one and it has performed very well so far.  I am not sure if the newer version has the same quality as the older version but I have to agree with other reviewers that this product has done an excellent job.  It is also much easier to get and use than the previous one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a regular user and this product is very useful.  The sound quality is great and the remote is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are great! I have had to wear them daily for the past few months, and they are still going strong. They are comfortable and fit me perfectly! The sound is clear and crisp.  The sound volume is a little low, but that is easily remedied with headphones.  I have not had any problems with these ear buds, and I would recommend them to anyone who wants to be comfortable while listening to their iPod! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. I have two 2GB cards and they both work. The only down side is that it is a bit heavy and a bit loud for a 7 inch screen.  But it is much more convenient than buying an external hard drive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this mouse, and have used it many times.  It's easy to use and very comfortable, and has great tracking.  I like the way that the mouse buttons are arranged and that they can be used in the direction you want to move the mouse.  The mouse has a high resolution, and can be found very easy to clean and use.  For the price, it is a great deal, and is a definite improvement over the previous mouse I bought.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use and has the best sound quality out of all the soundcards I have ever owned 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well made and the product works fine. The only thing I can say is the packaging is a bit small. I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic, works great.  I wish they would sell the $25 cartridge with the connector and software to get more than one player, and the case is nice, but not a deal-breaker 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great!  I use it for all my CDs and DVDs.  I am not sure how many drives I could buy and keep the same size.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works perfectly for my Canon S110i camera and it works well in the Panasonic GH4 as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well and is very nice to have.  The only problem is the sound is a little muffled in my car.  I don't really mind that.  My wife likes it because it is small and does not take up as much space as the others we have.I have used the sound in my vehicle over a dozen times now and it is still sounding fine.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a perfect fit for my iPod.  It has everything I need and nothing that I don't.  The only reason I would not give this product 5 stars is because it does not have a case.  I don'y know if that is the case with every brand, but if you want a case you must buy a custom made one from the company. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this TV because I was looking for something to connect my TV to my PC.  This product is very nice!  It has a nice picture, the only drawback is the cable length.  You can get longer cables if you want, but they are expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this receiver. It has everything you could want and nothing to worry about. I have a Sony CX-1000 and this is an excellent alternative.  The sound is crystal clear and clear. You can listen to the radio and it has great volume.  It is easy to set up and use.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy.  It is a bit heavy, but it is light.  You can't really tell how much you will need to carry, but the sound is great.  I can't believe it's over $40 and a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product.  It is the best mp3 player I've ever had.  I can't imagine how it would sound without it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a little more space in my laptop than I could use without a case. The laptop works fine in the case with the lid closed. However, the battery compartment in the lid has a tendency to push the battery in the wrong direction, which causes it to go off in an odd way when you open the lid.  But that is a minor inconvenience and the case is very well designed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the color and feel, but the picture is not that great and not as sharp as the picture I got with my old CRT.  It is a little bit darker than my CRT, but that is just because the color is so much more vibrant 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works as advertised and looks nice.  I do have a small problem with it.  It won't work on the iPod 1.3, 1.4, and 1.5 because they don't have any internal batteries.  You have to have a separate battery that fits in the case.  My suggestion is that if you want to use the iPod with the internal batteries, you should buy a battery pack that has 6 or more. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great.  We had no problems with it so far.  Great sound for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice unit.  I would buy it again if needed.  The only thing I wish it had was a power switch so I could turn the power on/off while it is on and then use the volume buttons to change the volume.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the product and shipping.  It worked perfectly as expected and has solved all my problems with my laptop and it is an excellent upgrade.  I am very happy with this product.  You have to pay a little more for the cables but I love the fact that the cables are already included.  They're nice and easy to use.  The product is very well made 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing! The sound is clear and the speakers are great. I would definitely buy another if this product had not broken. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the product for my iPod and it worked fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing!  It's easy to use and has a very nice sound!  Great value for money! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It has a great sound, it is very compact and it is easy to use and use.  The only thing I don't like about this product is the fact that it comes with a warranty 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my HP Pavilion G7. It works great, easy to install, works well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  I use my iPod and my mp3 player on the same unit and it has done wonders.  It has worked flawlessly and is very easy to use.  The product is a little pricey but well worth it.  Just plug in and go.  Very easy to find a USB port on your Mac and use it to connect to your iPod.  A little tricky to use but easy to do 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the CDR2B for both of my computers. It works perfectly. I have a Mac and a PC and I can't imagine why anybody wouldn't buy this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my wife and we love it. Works well and looks good.  I would buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as an upgrade from my old Voodoo Audio card to my iBook G4 (which uses a different brand of memory).  It does a fantastic job of getting me to the CD's I want to play.  The sound quality is excellent and the price was right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well. I got mine a couple of months ago.  It works great.  The only thing that I would like to see is a different option for the cable.  They put the cable in the wrong way for my left hand.  I would buy the same product from Amazon if it came in a different way 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is nice and loud, it has a very nice touch control that lets you change volume by pressing the button on the back.  The only negative is that the buttons can be a bit stiff, and the microphone is too small, but the sound quality is still very good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my iPad and was very pleased with the ease of use and the picture quality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered the D-Link DVR+ at Amazon, and received it in a timely manner. I was pleased with the product and price, and I'm happy to have a new DVR! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had a few other products that don't work with this product. I was hesitant, but it worked. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have the sony s9000 and it was a great upgrade.  The screen is a little larger than my s9500 but the picture is really sharp.  It has a nice picture and is easy to use.  My only complaint is the lack of memory.  If you plan on taking many photos with this camera, I suggest buying the larger memory card because it will take a while to load all the photos you will take. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I used it to record my wife's first piano lessons and I love it. It's very easy to use and has a low profile and looks very nice.  The only thing I would say is that the product is very heavy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this TV for my husband who is a big fan of watching TV and is also an electronics aficionado 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised and is nice.  A little smaller than the Sony SDC-100 and not as sturdy but more comfortable to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a CD player that would be better than my previous Sony CD player.  It did the job, but didn't really feel right.  Sony has now made a very nice CD player with a nicer looking case and a nice, comfortable handle.  I bought mine in July 2010 and have had a ton of fun playing music and using it.  Don't be fooled by the name - this player is very powerful!  It will play all the music you want to listen to!  My only negative is the case.  You can't slide it open like you can with the Sony player. I prefer the way it is attached with clips to hold the player closed.  But it does hold the disc well.  The case itself is a nice looking one that fits the player nicely.  Overall, I would recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is nice and clear and the remote is easy to use.  The only drawback is the battery life.  If you use it frequently, I recommend replacing it with an external battery because it's not easy to find the small clip that keeps the battery in place 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound, nice case and price.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product a few months ago. I've been using it for a while and have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great. The only thing that I would have to change is that I had a bad DVD player with no sound and this one works better. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has an older DVD player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a case for my camera and these were perfect.  They are easy to use, well thought out, comfortable and look great.  I was worried the case would be so bulky that my camera wouldn't fit.  Well, it is and fits great. It is lightweight, durable, holds the camera well and keeps the case away from my hands.  The strap is adjustable so that you can attach it to a bag or a backpack without taking up too much space.  Overall I am very pleased with the case and would buy them again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned a Sony DVD player for several years and have had a lot of downtime and headaches.  So I wanted a better player.  This player is the best I've ever owned and is great for the money.  I like the remote because I can play a DVD without having to go to the TV to adjust the volume 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it to transfer an 8GB file from my old DVD to my new DVD player, and it worked perfectly.  Great price too! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great, but I would definately buy again. The antenna was easy to install, and the product was easy for me to use. I had a weak signal, so it worked better with an antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was delivered to my door in less than 24 hours after it was ordered.  It works perfectly.  The only thing I would suggest is that the case is slightly bigger than the product photos suggest.  I would definitely buy again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good product. It works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great product.  I have had it for about a month and it is still working well.  It has a great price tag too!  I can only hope to find a better one at some point.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product and I love it.  This is a small case for my iPod but it is great.  It protects my iPod while I am listening to the music.  The case has a little bit of weight but it doesn't break the iPod case apart like some others do.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a way to plug my iPod into the back of my TV without having to plug it into my iPod. This is perfect!  The only thing I wish it was a little bit bigger is that the cord hangs a little low in the back.  Otherwise it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card as I needed a little more capacity than my card had. The card itself is great, but it does take up space on my motherboard.  I used an ATX card from Gigabyte that did the same thing and it worked just fine.  If you have an ATXi motherboard and want to use an extender card, I suggest you get a Gigabyte extender 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had no idea I needed this when I purchased my new laptop. It's perfect! The first thing I do every morning is plug it into the TV and it instantly plays my CD's and DVD's. No more hunting for a CD or DVD player in the dark. It has a few different functions like changing volume, pausing and skipping tracks. The best part is that it can be used to record to both your DVD and MP3 player. I'm currently using my MP3 to record music to my home theater system and the volume control is really handy to adjust the volume level to where I want it to be. It can even be used for video playback 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product. The only thing I have to add is it does not come with the extra screws needed to mount this to the wall. I use a 5/8 inch screw which is much easier to mount to the ceiling. I highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works as advertised.  Great price too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great and is very easy to use.  It comes with an extra battery (4) so you don't have to keep changing batteries all the time.  I haven't tested it yet but it seems to be pretty good.  For those that like to change batteries, this is an option.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  I bought two of these and my first one had a problem with the remote, but it solved itself.  It works like a charm.  Great remote for the money.  You can use the CD/DVD player on your lap or use the touchpad as a mouse if you want.  The only negative is that the DVD player has no player function.  Don't worry though.  That's not a problem for me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the look of this product. I have an Apple Cinema Display and like to have it in the same room as my Mac. I use it with my laptop and have no problems with either.  I am a little concerned about the battery life.  The battery that came with the DVD player is good, but not as long as the original battery.  However, the battery lasts longer than the original player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable was the best out of all the ones I tried.  It was a little bit heavy but I had it hanging on the wall anyway 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this card and it was just what I needed. I am extremely pleased with the product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised.  The only drawback is that the battery needs to be recharged.  You can't leave it on overnight 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is the most popular in our office!  Very compact, convenient and works very well.  No regrets! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It is the most affordable option and the sound is great.  It comes with a lot of storage so you can expand your memory with your iPod or mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my son who has to use his Xbox every day.  Works great, easy to install and use.  We use it everyday and have not had any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is very good.  The cord is very comfortable and is very easy to use.  You don't even need to plug it into a power supply.  I do not use my DVD player at all and the sound is just as good as my DVD receiver.  It is not as loud as my receiver but it is not too far away 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is nice and easy to carry. The only complaint I have is the case is a bit larger than I expected. I bought a small and needed to carry it around in my bag.  It is not a problem if you keep the case closed, just a little too big to keep it closed with one hand while carrying.  Overall it is a great product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works fine as advertised.  My only problem was that the volume control had stopped working on one of my TVs (model D3400).  The control works fine now, so I assume it's an issue with the TV or not that much of a problem with the product.  I'm not a fan of the plastic casing, but it works fine and is nicely packaged 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this as my first digital device and was pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am in love with these speakers. I love them so much, I bought a second pair for my wife!  I love the sound, the bass is awesome. The price is a little high, but the sound quality is well worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers because I wanted a surround sound system that sounded better than the stock Sony system I had installed. These speakers fit the bill.  They sound great, have a good bass response, and have a big footprint that makes them easy to store, carry, and transport.  The only drawback I've found is that the speaker doesn't sound as loud as the Sony system, which is a small problem.  But that's not a deal breaker.  I'm happy with my purchase and would buy them again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had an A/V receiver (which was not the original Sony one), and I got it repaired. The original receiver did not work anymore.  Sony has it repaired and sent it back.  The S6200 worked perfectly for me!  It has a great sound and is a very nice looking unit 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  The sound is really clear and crisp.  My wife likes it, too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I am not sure what I am missing, but it is easy to use and has a lot of storage.  I have the 16GB model and will be buying the 32GB version 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned a couple of other digital camera's that I've had to use to record photos and movies.  This one is just as easy to use as my other cameras and it's more than just an automatic device.  It has an excellent video quality and the auto focus is as accurate as the best of the others I've used.  The only drawback is that the memory card can only hold a limited amount of pictures and videos.  For the price, I am very pleased with this product.  I use it daily, and I will purchase it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed.  It has a nice built-in sound quality and has the option of playing on the front or back, making it a great electronic device for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is awesome!  I had my previous card in my CD player and it worked great, but now I have my own.  This is the card that I will be using for my home theatre system.  I have a lot of speakers and this card has made it so I can actually see the signal!  This would be a great card for those of us who are like me and need to use our system all the time, or for those who have not bought a new one yet. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice little phone. It has all the features and works with all my contacts. The only thing I would say is that the buttons do not have that much travel, and it is hard to find them to press. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great, has an auto mode that saves a lot of energy.  You can use your TV's remote to switch between different inputs, but you need to use it sometimes to switch inputs.  I don't have an analog input, so I'm not sure how the feature would work for me.  If you have an HDMI input, this will be even better, because the TV has a tuner (which can save a lot more energy than an auto-on/auto-off switch).  It's a great electronic device, I'm sure. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing.  I use it as my main computer for my daily business, and I don't have any problems with it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, excellent price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an electrical engineer.  I use my DVD player every day.  The product is well designed and has a good sound.  It is also easy to use and very affordable.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is great, but the stand is a nice feature and allows you to tilt the screen up to the right angle for better viewing.  The only thing that could be better is the fact that the stand only comes with two feet and one side of the screen.  There are no feet to the left or right to help you adjust the angle for a better viewing experience 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a home theater owner and the sound from the system is just what I was looking for.  This product is very well made and works well.  The only complaint I have is that the remote doesn't have the same button assignment.  It is too easy to accidentally push the buttons on the sides when changing channels or selecting songs.  I have had a lot of success using this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very sturdy.  It's easy to setup and use.  I've had the same unit for 3 months now, and it has been fine.  If you use an optical drive, I'd buy this product over the HP DL-3000.  But it's a great product for a desktop and it's easy for the price to be justified 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I use my iPod Touch as my primary portable device, so it is a huge improvement.  It fits my iPhone and the headphones, and the overall sound is fantastic!  I am not too pleased with the price.  I got mine for $9.99 at Amazon and it was exactly what I needed.  If I am ever in need of a replacement iPod, this will be the one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this adapter for my daughter who has a Toshiba Satellite L1.  It has a great sound quality and great range.  You could easily use the CD player that came with the radio, just slide the antenna up to the TV and use the stereo speakers.  Great value, would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers and am happy with them. I will definitely buy them again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very well received and works perfectly.  The only thing I would like to see is that it came with an SD card, so I could transfer pictures and videos to it.  It was shipped fast, and was exactly what I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a good sound card to listen to my wife's CDs. I was looking for something that was easy to use and had the ability to run on a little battery. This card did the job! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is amazing.  The only problem is the remote that comes with it.  You can't find one that is small enough.  But it's soooooo worth the money.  I'm using my TV as a source, and it is the only TV I have that has this feature.  It makes the sound so much better!  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a good antenna for my iPod, so I went to Amazon and bought the HD-A58.  The antenna is well made, very easy to use, and works great.  It is a great price for the antenna!  I have not had any problems with reception, even at 1.8 miles away.  I am not sure what the other reviews are saying about the signal strength, but I am confident that it is strong enough.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent and fits well.  The only thing I would suggest is to put a little more pressure on the power switch to make sure you don't drop it!  The sound quality is excellent.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. We bought these to replace an old pair of earphones that were no longer functioning.  These fit great and sound excellent.  The price was great, as always! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my iPod which died. I'm very pleased with the quality of this iPod and the sound quality. I just wanted to give it a chance to get used before replacing the iPod, so I got it. I was impressed with the sound! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this card in July and it worked perfectly.  No problems at all!  Great price!  The cards have worked great in my Dell XPS 13 running Windows 7.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this item with my ipod.  I have had no problems with it.  Its is really small and has an easy to use remote.  The remote is also small and easy to hold.  This is a great item! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable as a replacement for my discontinued Linksys S6 cable, which I had to buy a new one for.  It worked perfectly for both. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works perfectly. It is a little heavy but I love it. I like the ability to charge the batteries with the included USB plug and the fact that the USB ports are recessed. This makes it easy to keep them in the case if they are full and I do not need to carry them to work or to the car!The only reason I am giving a bad review is that this battery isn't cheap. I bought it from Amazon at about $6.00 for the battery. Amazon has a bad electronic device warranty that I have had to pay $20 for. I also got a bad charger. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was really surprised with how much sound I got out of this. It's a great product.  I would like to see it come with an option for a USB to AUX input for the volume, which would make this product even better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was skeptical about the sound quality, but it works very well. I have a Sony MDR-100D and I love the sound! It's great for listening to music, movies, etc. and it has a great range, especially for a portable device. The only problem is that the battery is too small. I think the larger one that came with it would have worked. However, if you need the battery, I would suggest the one that comes with the earphones because they are very well made 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great. I had to open the case up to fit the connector, but it's not a big deal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I use the SD card to transfer photos and then back to the Sony a7.  The battery is a little big, but it still works well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great.  It's small and light.  I bought the 4 GB memory card and it is just what I wanted.  No complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  Great product, great price.  It has worked out great for my two computers.  The only complaint is that the power is not as strong as I would like.  I'm not sure why that is.  But if I have to live with it, I will be returning it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well, it is easy to install, looks good, works well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works like a charm, easy to use, has an external battery pack, is compact and looks good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product.  I have it hooked up on my home network and it works as advertised.  It's not very big but it's nice.  For the price, it's a steal.  The software is easy to use and it is a breeze to configure.  Everything works fine.  If you want a bigger antenna, buy a more expensive model 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best I have found. I love the sound, it's easy to use and looks great.  It also is really easy to clean.  The only negative thing I have to say is that it is not very small.  If you want to use it in your car it is needed to be very close to your speakers, if not touching them at all.  I use mine in my bedroom for my television, it is very small but it does fit nicely.  My wife uses it in her car, it fits perfectly and is very easy to hold in her hand 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an MP3 player for my wife. I had a pair of Sony headphones (on loan), but they didn't work well. I didn't want to spend much money on headphones, so I decided to check out this product. The sound is amazing. It's clear, crisp, and it sounds pretty good. The battery lasts a long time, which is nice because you don't have to plug it in all the time. The speakers are small and the speakers are loud. The only negative I would mention is the cord.  The cord is too long and doesn't have a very strong grip, so it gets loose sometimes. However, the cord is a little uncomfortable and I have to take my earbuds out frequently to keep the cord secure.  Overall, I love the player.  It is very well made and the sound is very clear and crisp. I would recommend this player to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is nice, holds the camera nicely, and the fit is comfortable. The lens is sturdy and well-placed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the product, but I have to buy a replacement for the AC adapter, since the one I have now does not work.  The adapter has a built-in power switch, which is not in the manual.  A good electronic item for the price, as it is very nice to have a power switch on the unit, but if the unit had one, it would be nice to see an adjustment of the unit to allow it to be used with the power adapter.  It would also be nice if the price was lower than $15. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only had this for a week, but so far I like it a lot. I do have a big case, so I have to have it open or the batteries will be too short.  It has a nice sound and it is a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great,  but the price was quite high.  We needed two of these because our main TV was not receiving any signal at all.  I was very happy to find that I could order the TV separately 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card was great.  I had no problem at all getting it installed.  It was very easy to install and worked perfectly.  The only thing I would say is it could be a little bit more durable.  But if you are looking for a card to do a lot of video editing and that is exactly what you need, this is a great card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this mouse for gaming, and it is very nice.  It is lightweight and the buttons are a little on the small side, but overall it is a great mouse.  I will definitely buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this mouse for all my games and I have not had a problem with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device. I have a HP Pavilion CD/DVD player that is about 5 years old.  It works great with Windows XP 64bit, but I will not use it with Windows Vista 64bit because it does not support the CD/DD mode.  If you use Vista you will need to use a different player as Vista does not allow the CD to be read by the DVD player.  The DVD player also works with Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista, which are all 64bit operating systems.  You will need a CD or DVD writer to read DVDs.  Very easy to use.  No problem with the CD slot, no problem with DVD writing, no problems with the DVD.  Buy it if you want to support Vista/Windows/Win7/Windows XP, buy a DVD reader and use it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product! Great sound and very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was very well packaged and came in a timely manner 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod mini is a great size for a pocket mp3 player.  It has a built in speaker and it has a nice sound.  The only negative I have is that you can't charge it.  I've got mine in the car and it charges fine.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a great electronic device.  It works perfectly.  The product is well packaged and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was exactly what I expected and it works perfectly.  I was concerned that it would not be durable, but it was very strong and I've had it for a week and it still works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this router a few weeks ago and have never had any problems. It is very quick and works great.  I am using my home wireless in an area that is very difficult to get a good signal on and with a very small area around my house.  It is perfect for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very pleased with the performance and the picture.  The sound is excellent, and the battery is a little small.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  I am using it on my laptop which is a Asus EeePC G752.  It is easy to use and looks nice.  The software is very user friendly.  All in all a very nice product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome, its is the best product i have ever purchased. i will never use anything else 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an excellent electronic device for the price.  I have only had one problem with it and that was because of the software.  The software has to be updated as it now has a certain requirement on it.  It is easy to use and works well.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I was worried that it was just a dumb product, but it is! I was able to hook my iPod up and have all my songs stored on my iPod without having to use my computer.  It is a little bit loud, but the volume is great and the size is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds work great!  They're not bulky at all, which is great, and the fit is perfect.  It also seems to work well with my wife's hearing aids 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very pleased with this product.  It is very small, light, and very stable.  I can see the screen clearly, and the sound is very clear.  The only thing I wish was a little better is that the sound output is only half an inch or so.  That would be an inconvenience, but it would be nice if there were a slightly better sound output in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external drive to copy some files on a CD from the optical drive. The drive I was using had the capacity, but the software was a bit dated and not compatible with my software at all, so I decided to try out the WD My Book. The My Book has a capacity of 200MB (not including the data files). It's a lot smaller than the 500MB external drive that I was previously using, but it still offers a lot more space for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones sound great, and I love the fact that they don't require batteries! I was a little disappointed at first, but I was really surprised by how much better they sounded. I've been using them on a variety of jobs and they're always a big hit with my co-workers. I would buy them again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this as a replacement for my previous receiver that broke, so it's nice to have a nice receiver to replace the broken one.  It's just a little on the pricey side, but if you like Sony products you'll love this.  Great sound, excellent sound quality, and it is really easy to use.  You can plug in your CD player, change songs, and change volume, all without using the menu.  I like the way this looks, and the buttons are nice and sturdy.  The volume control is also easy to find.  If you're looking for something with a bigger sound (I'm using it with my Sony SACD player) this will do nicely, but I don't think it's worth the extra cost.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the camera on my Nikon D810 and it fits my Nikon S4G.  I don't want to carry around a bulky case when I'm out and about 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit worked fine and the sound was great.  It's easy to use, has a great warranty and the price was great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product! It's easy to install, easy to use and has great sound! I was just a little disappointed when it came to a bad disc. It would get stuck in and sometimes stop working, so I bought some replacement discs to try.  I will definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm.  Just what I expected and it does what I wanted and was easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this cable to use with my Panasonic DVD player, but I needed to use the cable for my DVD player. It is a great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well priced and works as expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works well and is easy to use.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an inexpensive wireless antenna, that you can use to get local signals on your antenna. You just have to plug it in to the wall.  I like it because it is very cheap (if I remember right) and it does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great.  It is a little pricey but I got it for $4.99 from Amazon.com.  The antenna is a great deal because it is made of the same material as the cable you use to connect your TV to the receiver.  You can find an antenna for just a few dollars at Radio Shack or Amazon.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, works better than my original CD player.  It's a little expensive but worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is easy to use and works perfectly.  I love the size and looks of the mouse.  Great price and shipping was great!  It has the same look as the previous mouse I purchased from HP, but with a more comfortable grip.  The software is very easy to setup and use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony camcorder and wanted to use the SONY S100 and the S100E as an alternative. I needed a compact way to record in-camera. I bought this because of the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy for an upgrade to my S4.  This is a better quality than the S5, which is the same price.  The S5 does not have a CD slot, so the CD is needed, but I like the CD's ability to read both music and pictures.  Great price for this item.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was exactly what I was looking for, and it was exactly as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a cable to connect my new HP TouchSmart 7 to my router.  This was the best deal I found, and it works just as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable and its exactly what I expected.  I use my phone to connect to my computer and I'm glad that I did 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as expected. I was looking for an antenna for my new laptop. The antenna is very sturdy and will hold up to use.  I did not find any interference from the other antennas I use on my laptop and the one I bought is not much smaller than the other 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first set of earbuds. I had been looking at earbud options online for months. I finally decided to go for it because I needed to take the plunge and make a full set of buds. It's been great. I have not had any issues. I love them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these speakers at the gym.  They sound great and are easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it daily, for my home theatre system.  It is easy to use, looks nice and easy to pack.  The sound quality is great.  I would not hesitate to recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has great sound and has a nice touch screen for the most part. I was using my old iPod Mini and was surprised to find that it worked just as well.  The battery lasts for a long time, but the earbuds were a bit fragile and did not stay attached to the case.  Overall a great electronic device! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing.  It was very easy to install and works great.  I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using this product to transfer my Sony DVD from one DVD player to another.  It has worked great, although there is one caveat.  The player has to be set to "automatic" mode which will allow you to "scan" and "save" the DVD.  This is a feature offered by many newer DVD players, but it requires a little more setup.  However, the DVD player is still fully functional, and it works perfectly with my Sony Blu-ray player.  Overall, it's a great product, and you can't beat the price.  Buy this product if you're looking for a cheap player with DVD transfer capabilities! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice electronic device,  that does the job!  If you need a smaller card than a 32 GB, this is a great card!  It is very easy to use and works like a charm.  If I had to do it over again, I would definitely buy a 32GB card from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers for my wife.  They are great for the money.  The sound is clear, the price is right.  Great value.  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is well worth the money.  I used it for my laptop to watch TV and play music.  It worked very well, especially if you are using your mouse.  You can also use it for surfing the web 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  Great product.  I use it to record audio and it's an ideal solution for recording on my computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  The picture is great, the price is a bargain, and it fits in my pocket.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item because my previous model failed.  I thought the product was a nice piece of electronic device.  You have to put a couple of pieces together, but once they are assembled, it works.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the D-Link USB 2.0 and it has performed very well.  The only thing that is missing is the ability to transfer files from my PC to my USB drive.  I found the software for the DVC-R100 a little cumbersome, but it is very easy to use and works as expected.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this memory card and it is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product and was very pleased with the product.  It's a great sound.  Great price and shipping was very fast.  I can't believe Amazon keeps selling these so cheaply 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is great. I am not one to pay for headphones, so I was very pleased with the sound and the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great sound and excellent price. Very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very nice.  I had a cheap, ugly iPod player, and it had a lot of sound loss.  With the iPod Classic, the sound is clearer.  It is a little hard to put it on, but it is very easy to put on and take it off, as other products I've bought for the same price.  The volume is very loud.  If you have a car, it's not that great, but if you want to take your iPod with you everywhere, this is a great deal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an inexpensive upgrade.  I have a Toshiba Satellite receiver which has an antenna that can pick up the signals, but my TV has an RF adapter and can't pick up those signals.  It's nice to have an antenna to pick up terrestrial radio stations, and it's nice having a remote that can turn the volume up or down when listening to the radio.  The sound is clear and the TV is a pleasure to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  It works great with my HP TouchPad, and I would buy it again if I could afford another one.  I am very pleased with the quality, durability, and speed of it!  I have used it for a month so far and have had no problems with it whatsoever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent for its price.  The only reason I would be dissatisfied with this product is the product itself.  I can't imagine what would cause a product to go bad. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well.  I like the product and how it looks.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the best deal on the net 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only bad thing is that they don't offer an SD card reader to take advantage of it.  However the SD card works with a card reader so I am willing to buy it just to have the SD Card reader in the phone.  I also like the fact that the headphones are in a plastic case and I like the way the headphones fit. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm, no problems so far. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was as described.  It is a little small, but works great!  It allows you to connect to a router with the firewall up, and to connect a mouse with a small, unmodded mouse pad to your router.  I had to put a "soft" plug to the router, and I still have my mouse pad and router plugged in at the same time!  This works great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is good. I am satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very well made, and easy to use card.  You will not be disappointed.  The only complaint I have is that I do not use it on the Mac.  It is only the Mac card that is listed as a mac-compatible card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a great upgrade for my TV.  The picture is crisp and has a great picture quality, especially for the price!  My only complaint is that there are no connectors for HDMI or DVI.  That's something I will have to buy separately 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine for my purposes. The price was great and I had a lot of extra batteries that I needed to get through a month of movies. The only drawback I have is that you have to be sure that your TV has a full range before you can turn it on.  But that's a minor problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well for the price.  The volume control is a bit difficult to operate at first, but once you get it in tune you can play just about anything you want.  It's a little loud when using it to play a CD, but not annoying.  There is no difference in sound quality between the CD player and the player with this remote control.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Easy to set up, works well, no problems. Great price! I love this product. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with this product.  It is easy to use and has a great sound.  I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was very nice.  Easy to use, works well with my HDTV.  Not the best TV, but definitely nice and works.  The price was nice too.  I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well.  It's a nice little device and it's well worth the money.  I would definitely buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I like the size and price of the original ones and wanted something smaller.  The product works well, but the sound is not as loud as I'd like, but I think that's because it is so small.  I'd give it a 4/5 if it were more noisy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it to connect my iPod (which I never bought as a second player) to my PC, and it worked fine.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it doesn't come with a cable.  You have to buy the one that comes with the iPod (it is called an adapter, not a cable).  You'll also have to solder the wires yourself.  I'd suggest using an extension cable as it would save you some money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the product. I am extremely happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this because I wanted to protect my camera from scratches.  I am very pleased with the result.  The item arrived on time and the packaging was as I expected.  All was well packaged, and everything is nicely packaged.  It does exactly what I expected and protects my camera.  A definite plus 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  I have had a Sony DVD player in my car for over 5 years now and have had to replace it about once a year.  The X-Box is my go to DVD player.  It is an easy upgrade from my Sony DVD and is the same size and weight as the Sony DVD.  No one else has my DVD player size but Sony and I would agree that this product is the best.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little skeptical when I saw the price, but I wanted a remote that could be used in a variety of situations, so I got it. It's a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has exceeded my expectations and is the best value in terms of sound.  It is easy to use, has all the features I need and is very well made.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs a small desktop CD player with decent sound quality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was good for my laptop.  The picture quality was great, and the sound was good.  Overall a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great! I'm a big fan of Sony, and these fit my ears like a glove. The noise canceling is excellent and the sound is quite clear. The only drawback is that they are pretty heavy, but the price is reasonable for a pair of earphones that will last for quite a while 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had trouble finding an external drive that would fit in my car. I wanted something that could take my DVD's, DVDs, CD's and CD's in the back of my car and not take up space. I was very happy with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, and a huge improvement over my previous analog system.  It has a built in FM receiver that can decode the AM stations in my area and can also control my DVD player, and also the CD player.  This also comes with a nice rubber cover to protect the speakers and also makes them easier to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned a Sony PS2 for almost 3 years now and it is still my favorite PS2 device. It has a good sound, works well with my older PS3 and the batteries are great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to upgrade from an iPod Classic to an iPod Touch and needed something with better sound and less of a bulky case. I decided to get this because of the review I read about the Sony MP3 player, it has a very similar sound to the iPod Touch. The thing is also much easier to use in the car 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised.  I've had mine for about 2 months and am still having trouble with the power button.  It is not too loud or too soft.  Just not exactly what I expected.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product.  It is easy to use and looks good.  The only problem I had was that it did not fit my laptop (the one that comes with it).  I used the back up to fix that and now it fits 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an ipod to replace my iPod Mini which had been destroyed by an earthquake. I wanted a portable device that could be used on the train.  The product was very convenient and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife, she loves it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  It's a great product that fits my needs.  My only problem is the price.  If I could find it cheaper, I would have given it 5 stars.  However, at $50, this is a steal! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great electronic device.  It is a little bulky for an mp3 player but it has an excellent sound.  I would recommend this product to anyone that is not a large person.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for the HP printer that I bought from HP and had to return.  The only reason I had to do so was that the HP one had a hard drive that didn't work with my HP software.  So I got this one instead, and it's perfect!  I have to say that HP's product is very impressive.  It's easy to use and is a great value for the money!  If you want to print something that will last you for the next 3-4 years, this is a very good choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this router to replace an old Cisco unit. I'm very happy with it! It has been working fine since I purchased it.  It has a good user interface, works fine, no problem with the wireless settings.  The antenna is excellent, the router has a high speed (for a router) that I'm really happy with.  My only complaint is that the router was a little cheap for what I paid for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice piece of gear.  I would like to see a larger size, but it works great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome! I got a new one, the samsung and the new model is the best.  I love it!  I've had it on for 4 weeks and the sound is amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It is very easy to install.  I use my laptop every day and it will be better if I can use this product as well.  The product is very sturdy and easy to hold.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was delivered and works fine!  I got it in a hurry since it was a big box, so I don't know if it's an error or I'm just lucky 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something that would protect my TV from getting scratched and dented.  I thought the $50 one was too expensive so I decided to invest in the "Kevlar" product.  The product is made of Kevlar which makes it quite strong.  It was very easy to install.  And the sound quality is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these as an upgrade to my previous laptop. They look great, hold my laptop securely, sound great.  The only drawback is the size, it fits in the front pocket but it's a little tight and the laptop gets a little sweaty.  If you are looking for a more comfortable laptop, I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works perfectly. I like the small footprint compared to the others that I've used, it is the only one that fits all of my different items in.  The only negative review I have is that the connectors do not work in the cable, but I have not been able to get them to fit.  I don't think it is a major problem, but if you do need a connector, don't buy the $15 cable unless you are sure it will work 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product. I am on the verge of a new laptop so I needed to find something that could protect the drive. I had to go with the product, however, which I was very pleased with. The drive is protected, but the screen isn't that bad. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product as my primary drive, it has performed very well and holds up well.  The product itself is a bit bulky, but it is made very well. i dont' use a lot of media, but the price tag is nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these speakers for my son. He had been wanting a pair of speakers that could go above the noise of the surround speakers in his room, so he could play some music and have a little more background noise to it. They were a little bit larger than the speakers he used before, but not by much. They also looked great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a little more space to fit my DVD player in. I was pleased to find the Sony DVD player, and it fits in the space I wanted. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic! It works like a dream! I have the Sony DVD player, which is very expensive, but this one is much better.  It has a great sound, and it is compact enough to fit in the player case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the look and the sound, and it does exactly what I needed.  The only problem I had is the USB connector was way too short, but I'm a pro so it's not a big deal.  I'm very pleased with the product, especially for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds work like a charm.  I have used them at work and home and the sound is not too bad.  The sound is clear and loud enough to listen for car radio directions or talking on the phone.  Not sure if it is because I got a few pairs of ear buds, but these ones are great!  I do not own an iPod but these work well for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using these speakers for a year now.  I like them a lot.  The speakers do a great job with the DVD player in the room.  They also sound good with the bass and treble of my home theater system.  There are a few things that I wish the speakers had though.  One is that the volume control is a bit too loud.  It's not too loud, but it's just a little bit too much for my taste 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used a few of these, and they have worked wonderfully!  They are compact enough to fit in my pocket, and work just like they should.  I would recommend them for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  Great sound, easy to use, small.  Will last a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works perfectly and looks great.  I do not have any problems with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones sound great, and they fit the hands right and look great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my mouse! I use it on all of my computer workstations and it never fails me. I love the new mouse pad, it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It's easy to use, and the picture is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great, the sound is great! I love this product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. It is small and lightweight. The sound is excellent. It can connect to the PC's sound card and play sound from the PC to the speakers. The software is very easy to use.The sound is clear and crisp. The speakers are slightly recessed but that doesn't interfere with sound or volume. The price is right and I don't have to worry about the cost of replacement speakers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device. I have two. One is a Panasonic digital camcorder and the other is a Sony digital camera. Both work very well together and have a great range of features.The difference between the two is only when you use the external battery. I use the Sony battery which is much larger. The Panasonic battery will last for a long time (2.5 hours) but you can't use the built-in battery (1 hour) on the Panasonic camcorders because it will die. It has an alarm system that you can set to stop recording if the battery runs out so it doesn't leave you without a film and you have to press the stop button everytime you take a picture. The Sony battery has a more convenient location on the top and the Panasonic battery is always on the side and can't be seen from the outside. The built-In battery is the real plus. I never use it anymore. The one that comes with the camcord is a little cheap but works fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an HP Deskjet 15.6 with HP Connected Print, and I had to take it back to HP for an upgrade.  This printer does everything I want and more.  It's easy to use, has a lot of ink, and it prints nicely and quickly.  I would definitely recommend this printer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for an mp3 player that would have more room in the iPod, but without the price. I bought this player as a replacement for my iPod Classic.  It fits well and holds all the files in the player, just as my iPod does.  I'm very pleased with the player.  My only complaint is that the buttons are small, but I like them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the sound quality, size, and overall ease of installation and use. I would buy again in a heartbeat 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used a lot of printers over the years and these are by far the best.  The print is on the same size as a regular printer.  No more fussing with paper, no more having to wait for ink to dry.  This printer is the only printer I use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use.  Great product for my needs.  The product is small enough to fit the wrist and the product is also very sturdy.  You don't have to worry about it breaking.  Very satisfied with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product and makes a great sound, and it is a real bargain compared to other radios, it is so small and compact and convenient 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works great and works great for my son.  He's not a power user and just needed something to put his mp3 player in.  I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  I'm using it to record my movies.  The sound is clear and the remote is very easy to use.  There is a downside though.  It's a bit bulky.  You'll be able to see the case from behind and it may be a little cumbersome to hold.  However, it's a very nice product and it does the job.  Overall, it does a great job.If you need a bigger case, get the one from Amazon, it has the same dimensions. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this case for my new Dell Inspiron 1520 and it has held up to the test.  I like the ability to slide my printer out, take it in and out.  The only thing I wish the case had is an open slot for a printer to sit in.  If the case has a hole in it for a hole to sit into, then the printer is a little cramped.  Not a problem for me, but something I would like to see in a case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The cable was easy to use, easy to cut and it worked. I would buy again for the same reasons 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  The sound quality is very good.  I was a little concerned about the price at first.  But when I compared it to my DVR, I realized that it was actually worth it.  A DVR with the same receiver costs more than this product does.  My receiver is an old Pioneer product.  This one is definitely worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is better than I expected and the picture is better.  I do not know if this product is the best.  However, for my home theater system, this product does the job.  If you are looking for an affordable sound system, these are the ones you will want 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this TV for over a year and have used it a number of times.  I love the picture and sound.  The only thing I would change is the remote because I find the controls too cumbersome.  It is a lot of buttons and menu options to operate.  But the price is great and you get a great TV.  If you're looking for a new TV, this is an excellent buy! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am extremely pleased with the product.  I would buy it again if it came back in stock.  Great product, excellent price.  Looks great!  Great sound!  No complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had this one for a year and it worked.  I used it for my home stereo.  It has worked for me so far and looks cool.  The only thing I would suggest is a little more noise cancelling because it makes a slight rattling noise if you have the volume up.  But it's not a problem because it's very quiet.  For my stereo I had to use the volume control because it had no volume control.  You can get a little noise canceling from the earphone jack itself though.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works exactly as advertised. I used to do a lot of print testing and have been very pleased with the result.  The only problem I had with the product was that it did not work with my Sony scanner that came with my printer (it worked with my older scanner).  I have a HP HP932 printer and the scanner is a Sony scanner.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she loves it! It has great sound and is very easy to use. It is the perfect fit for both the TV and phone in the house! The only thing that we would change is that the antenna is not as sturdy as the other ones that come with it, which can make it a little bit difficult to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great electronic device.  It is an excellent product for those who are not able to use their iPod to store their music.  I purchased the product with the hope that I could use my iPod as a media player for my home entertainment system.  With the product I was able to accomplish this.  The product is well constructed.  There are plenty of controls that you can use to operate the product.  You simply push the volume buttons on your iPod to play, pause, or skip through the various songs on the CD.  My biggest problem with this product was the size of the iPod itself.  Its small size allowed me to carry it around my home.  However, it is still a very small iPod.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this cable for my printer to connect to my wireless printer. I have had to send it back as it is not compatible with my printer.  I hope it will work with my Wacom tablet.  The cable is very well made and is easy to use.  If you have a Wacomm printer, this is an excellent cable to use with your Wacomp tablet.I have a small Wacomo that is very small and the only thing that I could ever imagine needing a wireless cable for. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is awesome!  I use the card in all my printers and have never had a problem!  It's a little bulky, but it fits the printer perfectly!  You really don't need to buy any extra cards to have a bunch of printers.  The only reason I would not buy the card is that I do not use a ton of ink, so the ink does get very runny.  If you do use a lot of ink you can just get an extra ink cartridge.  It is definitely worth the extra money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I have 2 sets of speakers and they sound great.The sound is really clear, even in my small house. It is lightweight and easy to setup.  I also use the speakers for TV sound and DVD playback.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is clear and clear. I have had mine for 2 months now and have not noticed any difference in the sound. I am very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I wanted, at a price I could afford.  The sound was amazing!  It was also very easy to use.  It has an integrated battery (good for traveling), so you don't have to worry about plugging in and out while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound system for the money.  It is more than adequate for my use.  I was surprised to find that it does not have a built in CD player, which is a great plus.  My only problem with it is that it has a very small screen, but that is very easily solved by lowering the volume and adjusting the color.  The picture is very clear and the sound is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item is as described and works as advertised.  I am not sure why I did not review this earlier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to use this cable for my Sony DSP-300D.  It is very convenient, and works fine!  I would definately recomend this cable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the perfect antenna for the TV I bought.  It works great.  I am very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was as advertised.  The sound quality is fantastic 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a very nice sound for the money, has great clarity, a little bass but not too bad for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones work well with my iPod, and sound great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. The picture is a little dimmer than I would have liked, but it is nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine for my MP3 player, has no problems with the iPod, has all the features of the iPod.  Love the sound and it is compact.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product to help me share my MP3 player with my wife.  I have a Mac, and a player that is connected to a Mac.  We both enjoy the music and the video, but my wife's MP3 players have always struggled with video transfer.  With this player, I was able to transfer our MP3s to my Mac. Now, I can listen to my MP4 player and then transfer the files to my wife 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. It's not very thick, but it's a good buy for the price.  The only complaint I have is that it doesn't come with any instructions for changing the volume of the radio to match the volume in the player.  I have tried to get the volume levels from the player in the box to match those in the radio.  There's not a lot to this radio, so I don't see a problem with it not having instructions for doing so 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a nice touch that you cannot get with your PC.  You can play mp3's with it and have a better sound with it.  It has a lot more power than a PC. I would buy again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card worked perfectly and was the perfect size for the price.  The only thing I would change would be to put a more attractive sticker on the back.  I would give this card 5 stars if it wasn't for the sticker.  It would be great to have it back in a few months without having to buy another one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for my printer. I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good case for the MacBook Pro, and will last you for a very long time.  The only thing I can complain about is that the front zipper (the part that zips your laptop to the case) is a little too big to keep it in the case, but I guess you can't expect too much from a $30 case!  I recommend this case for anyone who wants a slightly thicker case than the one I had, and it does the job perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I have had no problems so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using this for several years now and it has never failed me yet.  I bought it because I wanted a small card that I could carry in my pocket or purse and use for all my portable audio needs.  It has held up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these, one for my wife and one for me. They both use the same brand of memory and are both using the same memory size. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star review is because I bought it used and it has not started yet.  But it's not an issue. It has been working great so far. I have used it for a number of games and it still works. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external DVD player to record my DVD collection. I did not want to carry around an external player to my desk, so I wanted something portable that could record my collection to a flash drive or CD player. I got this player and it has performed beautifully!  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price.  Very pleased with product, easy to install, works great.  Will buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  I have a very small house and this will fit all my electronics.  It is the perfect size and has held up well.  Great price as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was in love with this TV.  You can get any picture and have the most of your money back if you can return it.  The picture is clear and the sound is great.  It looks and feels like a real television. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the product.  I have two Panasonic DVD players and was worried about the sound and the overall quality of the player, but this player is very comfortable and has a very nice sound.  It does have the option of being able to hook up to your PC via HDMI.  If you are in the market for a DVD player this is a great option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a better sound system than my iPod and it is so easy to install and use.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I use my DVD player for a few hours a day and it never fails.  It's a great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a couple of these speakers and have loved them.  They sound great.  If you're not sure you can afford this speaker, don't.  This is the best bang for your buck 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case was exactly what I expected.  A little pricey but I'm sure it's worth it for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These sound great. I'm a bass player and I use this on all my CDs. I like the convenience of the volume control, the ability to play music from CD's on my iPod/MP3 player, and the fact that I can turn them off when not in use.  I am happy with this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she loves it! She has had no problems whatsoever. We have it set up and running just fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she loves it. Great product, works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The sound is better than any other sound card I have.  I would like to get it for my wife because it is a lot quieter than my other card.  However, I am in love with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a novice on the radio.  I had bought this for my wife to use on her camcorder and it is working like a charm.  It is also very compact and light weight.  Very happy with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my laptop battery.  The power cord is nice and short, the plug is comfortable, the unit works great.  You get more power with this battery than with the battery inside your notebook 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Very happy with the performance.  No problems with this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product. I love the ability to use my iPod on the airplane, and the built-in speakers are very nice. The only thing I would change is to have the volume controls in the iPod. I had the buttons in the back, and I thought the volume was too low, so I had to reach down to adjust the volume. I would also like to see a case that fits the iPod, as my iPod was getting a little scratched. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use in her home office.  It is a very small but very effective item that can handle her printer.  The color is great and it is lightweight. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with the product and the price.  I have only had it for a couple of days and have already sent a couple emails to get it sorted.  The sound is clear, clear, and very clear.  Very comfortable to use, very nice sound.  Don't hesitate to buy it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. It is small, sturdy and has a great feel to it. The only thing I would suggest is that they put a "lighter" on the antenna to make it easier to pick up stations. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  The product itself is a little pricey.  But I would like to say that I have been very happy with the product.It is well worth the price.  I am very happy and it looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to keep my iPod out of the way while i'm working, as my previous iPOD had a hole in the front. It's a lot easier to carry around now 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little piece of equipment.  The sound is very clear.  I had my TV for several months and it was getting pretty loud.  This solved the problem and is a huge improvement over the previous setup 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product for my wife who was having trouble using her iPod.  She is very happy with it and she really liked the sound of it.  The product was exactly what we needed and it works.  A great electronic device for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not a big fan of flash cards because they tend to be fragile and hard to get into your camera without scratching.  I wanted something that I could use all the time.  This card was perfect!  It is so small and fits perfectly in my camera.  It has all the features I needed - read/write speeds, read/format speed, size, etc.  The only negative thing I have to say about it is that the card did not stay in the camera as long as it did with the Olympus cards I have.  You will have to remove the card from your camera often to get it out and be able to use it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome, has everything I needed and works well with my iPod.  I am glad I bought this product, it was great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this CD player after trying out several others, and am very pleased with it.  I don't know what it is that other people were comparing to it, but I've found that this is an excellent product.  Its sound is just as good as the other one I had.  It has a very comfortable grip, and the included case is very well made.  The only thing I would recommend is to get a little more bass.  But then again, that's what you get with an external CD player anyway 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a small DVD player for my camcorder.  The player worked perfectly for me.  It took up only about 1/2 inch of the shelf space, and was a nice and compact size.  My only negative review about it is that the player only plays DVDs, so it is not suitable for recording video.  But, it works just fine for recording the TV and the camcorders on it.  A good electronic item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product.  I have a Samsung 840 and it is running like a dream.  It is very easy to use and easy to install.  The only problem is it is so small that I cannot carry it around without a power cable.  If you are looking for a very small HDD for your home/office use then this is a great choice.  You can only see the drive inside your case, which is great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an MP3 player that would hold my CD collection (about a dozen of CDs). This player is exactly what I was hoping for.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product as an upgrade to my old DVI-HD converter.  This product allows me to keep the DVI in my apartment and not have to buy another converter for my TV, thus saving me about $40 a year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had purchased this TV a month before and wanted to try to get a faster screen refresh in my living room.  The Sony's picture was great and the picture looked crisp.  However, they were laggy, so I did have to wait a little bit longer to get the image to be smooth and clear.  If you have to watch a lot of sports or anything that is very fast paced, then the Sony is a great option, but if you are looking for a TV that will keep up with your other TV's refresh rate, then this product is a solid one.  I like the ability to hook up an external player with the TV's built-in antenna.  Overall, I would recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the Sennheiser EW-500 for 2 months now and I can tell you, it is AMAZING!  You can't tell the difference between a good earphone and a bad one!  The sound is so crisp and clear, I'm amazed!  It even holds up against my own earphones which I use for a lot of hours a day, and that is a real feat!  I just wish there was a cheaper alternative to these, especially considering they cost more than my regular earphones!  But I can't leave the price alone! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first memory stick. I have a lot of memory cards and have to transfer them. I was looking for a quick and easy way to transfer all of my data without having to use my laptop or desktop.  The drive itself is very sturdy and is easy to use. It is a bit slower than my other brands of memory sticks, but it is still a lot faster than my laptop would be at this time of year 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my old wireless device that I lost a few years ago.  I use it daily and I love it.  It is very easy to set up, and the reception is very strong.  My only complaint is that the remote doesn't seem to get a lot of use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this card as it was advertised as the best card to do my job. The price was reasonable and shipping was fast.  The card worked perfectly.  I am pleased with this product and will purchase from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I needed a portable CD player and not much money to buy. This thing is very nice.  It is small and has a small footprint, so it fits nicely into my backpack.  The only downside is the battery, but you can charge it with the included AC adapter.  If you want a smaller player, this is a good option.  For the price, it is a steal! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse because my previous mouse was broken and it wasnt working.  It is soo much better than my previous mice.  I use this mouse to type for my wife and I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, easy to use, it has a great sound, but the price is a little high for the product, but it is a good product, great price for a small electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item for my wife and she loves it!  She is using it as a TV for the kids to watch on.  No problems at all!  We love the sound quality.  It's easy to setup and easy to use!  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device that works well. It is the best buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the first time I ever bought a product from Epson, and I was very pleased with the quality.  I did have to return it because of the warranty.  However, I did get it for a great price, and the only reason I did not buy it again is because I was not 100% certain that I could keep it for more than 3 months 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product. I am very happy with this product and would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am not a big fan of the older iPod shuffle, but the shuffle HD worked well for my wife and I. I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my wife who has had trouble with the previous one. It is small, lightweight, durable, and looks great!  The only thing I don't like is the color.  The first time I used it, I was surprised at how dark it got, but it's not that big a deal.  I can live with that since I have my home office in a very dark area 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I have had it for almost a year and it has been working well.  It is a bit smaller than the old ones but I prefer that.  I do not use the iPod Classic as my daily driver so I don't know if the sound quality has been compromised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best product I've seen in a long time! I am using this with a Dell Inspiron 1520, and it has been flawless 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I have had it for over a year and I have not had any problem with it.  It is easy to use and the sound quality is excellent.  The only problem I have with it is that sometimes the unit can get a little warm when the volume is down.  But this is not a big problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome sound system for my laptop.  It is a great upgrade from my old sound card.  I've been pleased with it and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used a USB memory stick (Ablex). This is the only way I could get my DVD to play on my laptop.  I love it!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price was great, but I ordered it in an order of 5. I needed an antenna to work on the 5th band, and this antenna is great! It has a great look and it works perfectly! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I was looking for.  I had a Sony receiver that had a very bad cable that was constantly breaking.  This product solved that problem, as it is a very strong cable.  It also allows for easy installation. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the most comfortable and the best electronic device I have ever used 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, is easy to set up, easy to use, does exactly what I needed it to do.  Works for both Macs and PCs! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked as advertised, the product itself is great.   The only thing that I would recommend is to keep it off of the charger when not in use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It's nice to have the option to change the volume without having to unplug the headphones.  The only negative is the headphones don't stay put very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use with her laptop.  She's been very happy with it.  I love it.it's the perfect size and price for the size and weight of the case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, very useful for my camera!  I had an old Panasonic which needed to be replaced. This was a great buy and works very well for my Panasonic! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very sturdy and works as advertised.  The only complaint I have is that it is not as quiet as other similar products I have used.  I bought this product specifically because I had a previous model of this product.  It is quiet, but it will not keep a record for long.  If you are looking for a quieter record player, I would recommend the Soundstream Audio CD Player because it has a built in compressor that will keep your recordings in tact for longer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a couple of different iPod shuffle models and I was never happy with the sound quality.  So I decided to purchase this product and I am so glad I did.  The sound is crystal clear, but not too bright or too loud.  If you need a small portable device to take with you and your kids, this is for you!  I would highly recommend this product for anyone looking for a smaller iPod shuffle. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great sound and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this product as a replacement for my old iPod.  I am very happy with it.  The only thing that I would change is to have the "power cord" come with a longer cord, so that I can leave my laptop plugged in while it charges. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a very nice product, the only thing I do not like is the battery life, but its very small and you can recharge it very quick.  I love this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are very nice.  I love the fact that they can fit my ears without having to do any stretching or stretching at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was great. The only thing is the price. I think I'll get this for my office computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  The unit is very small.  Don't hesitate if you are having trouble getting your printer to print in color.  It is very easy to use and works very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card as a replacement for my old 256MB memory card. I installed it into a Samsung 4GB memory card (a refurbished model) and the card worked perfectly.  It was easy to install and use, and it worked very well.  I am very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  I have 4 of these drives and have used them all over the house and school!  The drive works well for a variety of uses and the price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's laptop to keep her looking clean.  We live in an apartment, and there is no place to keep a dirty mouse.  So I figured I can just keep it in her room for when we need to clean it.  It worked out perfectly!  We used to have the same one for a while and it was a total waste.  This one is much easier to use and cleaner than my previous one.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I have 4 different cables to cover my Mac mini and 2 different adapters to connect it to my PC and iPod.  The Mac mini comes with a 1.5mm stereo jack that can accept either the sound card or the CD player.  There is a 5.1 surround sound option as well.  I was looking for something that would work with both my Mac and iPod so I was pleased to find this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well. The price was great. The product worked very well, the cable is easy to use and the unit was easy to install.  The only negative I have to say is that this product is not that great when it comes to signal reception.  I am not sure if it's the product or the network.  But if you don't need great reception, this product does a great job.  It does everything I expected and more.  You will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case fits my iPhone 5 perfectly and is sturdy.  The battery pack works well, holds a charge.  I wish the case had more space to hold the charger.  This case would make a great gift 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price. Great product. Easy to use. Works like a charm. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this because my HP desktop computer had an old-fashioned mouse.  The mouse was very comfortable.  I also got a free electronic device with my HP account.  It's a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it to work with my HP Touchpad. I was very pleased with the product.  I had no problems whatsoever with the CDROM drive or the battery.  The only problem I had with it was that it would sometimes get stuck on the trackpad while playing music.  After a couple of minutes the CD would stop playing and I had to restart the software, which is why I'm giving it 5 stars instead of 4 stars.  Overall, a great electronic device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well for the price. I would definately buy another if I had the money.  I don't use the built in CD changer, and I can't find the player anywhere at the store 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The remote works fine. It is a little bulky but it's comfortable to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  I can't believe the difference between this product and the one I was looking for, which was an HP TouchPad with a small black case.  This product is great and very small, so it's a nice alternative for me.  It's not as sharp as the one, but it is a great product.  The only downside is that it doesn't have a DVD player built in.  There are others that do, but the TouchPad is more versatile 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just awesome!  The sound is great, and it is very easy to install!  It is so easy to use and use that I am a little sad to have to buy an older product.  You will not regret this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked out of the box and I am glad it was there.  The product itself is really nice.  You can use it in a car and the price is not too bad for what you get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is great for anyone who is having a hard time getting their laptop to connect to their router.  I use this cable on every day and it works great!  It is a little pricy, but I like the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very well made, easy to use, and very bright.  I would definitely buy this product again, as I have used it on my Panasonic DVD player, and it has performed wonderfully 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the remote so much that I bought it for my wife.  We use it daily for our two children and they both like it.  It is easy to use and works very well.  I have used the one that comes with it and it is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are excellent, easy to use and do the job.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Great sound and great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card for my Mac mini. It has great functionality and a great price. I am using the same card with the HDX 512GB (now called the "Epson M512G") and it performs well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a very good card for anyone who uses a camcorder or a scanner.  It is very fast and does not burn a lot of energy.  You can get an 8MB SD card out of this card and it is very small, allowing you to carry around your scanner and still be able to transfer pictures to the SD card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my wife and it is an absolute hit.  She has had it for a few weeks now and it works like a dream 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this product for 2 months and it is great.  It is easy to use and works well.  The only problem is that the USB ports that it comes with are not in any kind of order.  If you plug in the first port in the middle of a row and plug in another one on the right side you can't get to the other.  For this reason I wouldn't recommend this product unless you want to set up the system manually 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had an A-500, which is a little more than a year old and the original AC cord is very long and the plug is too big for the small AC adapter that comes with it. I've bought this adapter because it was advertised as having AC support. Well it works.  I can plug it into my older A-300 AC adapter and get power, and it works nicely with the AC adapter.  It is much easier to use than the original plug-in that comes in the box 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is exactly what I wanted.  I used to use the original mouse which is a bit too big, but this mouse is a great improvement 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this DVD player, it's a little older than I expected, but it works perfectly and is a joy to use.  The CD player itself is small and easy to use, but the CD player can only hold up to 25 CDs.  So if you need to play a lot of CDs, get the CD changer, that's what I use. I use the changer to put the discs in and it is much more user friendly than the player.  I've had great success with this player, and will definitely buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was delivered quickly. I received it in perfect condition.  The sound was a little louder than I expected, but it is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this card with the hope that it would be of great help in my troubleshooting of my DVD drive which is stuck in a "dead" state.  I was happy to find that it worked very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very nice.  It's a little loud, but not obnoxious.  The only negative thing I have to say is the case.  I've had other cases that I like better than this one, and it's made them so much more comfortable to wear.  Don't buy the ones at Amazon - get this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item because I have an HDTV and a 1080p printer. I wanted to be able to plug the printer and the TV in the same place and have the ability to monitor both.  I was able to do this with this product and was impressed with the ease of installation and the overall ease of use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was not very satisfied with the sound quality of my previous headphones (Nyter: Audeze E10). I was looking for something that would be able to improve the sound. I also wanted a wireless device. This did the trick. I love the sound! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Great price too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has been a lifesaver for my workstation.  It allows me to easily connect my printer to my Mac, with no hassle.  I haven't had any problem with this card so far. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a lifesaver for my HD camera.  I had no problem with my previous product which did not come with a memory card reader.  The memory card slot is large enough to fit the memory card you want to use.  My cameras work great and the camera interface is nice and user friendly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I use it on all my video cameras and the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price. I like the sound quality, easy to use, and durable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The sound is clear and it is very portable.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It is very easy to use and is well made 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality, small size.  No problems, works fine, no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised, not much more to say.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome, easy to use and it has the best sound for my car stereo 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the Sony DVR HD-300 for a couple months now and it's been great.  The picture quality is excellent, and the sound is very clear.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a DVR with a little more functionality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an IT guy and I love my HP desktop printer. I needed something to cover the mounting base so I could easily move it. The HP DeskJet 7200 did the trick. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my Panasonic DVD player! It has worked flawlessly for over a year now. The player itself has worked great for almost a decade. However, I am very picky with DVD players. I have not had one that I can use without a CD, DVD or Blu-ray player.  I am a big fan of Panasonic products and their DVD player is no exception.  It has an excellent sound and video, and it has a very slim case that is easy to pack and use.  The player is so thin and light that I don't even need to hold it with my hand when I use it.  But, if you like your discs to be just a tad bigger or more convenient to handle, the player will not be for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I wanted, and I'm glad that I got it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is a little bit louder than the others. It has a nice clip, but it doesn't fit the case very well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item to make up for my broken cable box and my old one.  It is great.  You can plug in your old TV and the connection is great and the sound is very nice.  The sound is a little loud but it's not a big deal.  If you have a surround sound system it's a big difference and it's really great.I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as expected. It is very easy to use and has plenty of features. Great price for an upgrade 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect.  I can get 4 mp3s on my iPod player with it.  You get a lot of volume out of it, and it is small enough to fit easily in the pocket of your jeans.  The sound quality is pretty good, even though the speakers aren't very big, and they are well placed.  It does not have an antenna, so you don't have to worry about getting it stolen 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item and am very pleased with it.  I have 2 monitors with different screen sizes, both on my desk at the same time.  The only thing I would like to see improved is the size of the mouse button.  It would be nice if you could still press the button while moving the mouse, but I think the product works.  Also, I would buy this product again and recommend it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great price and performs very well.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife.  The sound quality is very nice.  She is an avid gamer, and it is a joy to listen to games with the volume control.  It is also easy to install and remove.  We also use it to listen for music in the car.  Overall, it is excellent!  The only problem is that we need a lot of speakers, and the price was a little higher than we expected.  I will be ordering some of the same speakers later this week 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my kids. They are very easy to install and use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  Great sound quality, good value for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I use my CD player at home and when I travel, I put my iPod in the back of my Honda Accord and it has a perfect fit.  I have never had a problem with my iPod or CD player in any other case.  The case fits the iPod perfectly and the iPod works great!  I was a little worried when I first opened the case, but it was easy to remove and the case is nice and easy to keep clean 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked fine. It was easy to set up and works very well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works very well.  I like the small case that is included.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works very well for my family and we are very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, great for my new iPod, and it is not too expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These work perfectly. The only thing that's a little annoying is that you have to use a regular USB cable to hook up the headphones. I'm not a big fan of this, but it is not a deal breaker 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works like a charm and the sound is very nice.  I bought it because I needed something to use while traveling and now I have it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned several different phones over the years and have always had an issue with their earbuds.  This phone has solved the problem and I have only been wanting one more.  I have had no problems with it yet, and it does a good job on the sound.  The only thing I don't like is the volume.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself was great. I had it for a week and it still worked like new. It's easy to use and has plenty of ports.  The only problem I had was that it didn't work with my old laptop.  I thought it had to do with the drivers, but it is a Windows XP issue.  Don't be afraid to buy a second mouse if you don't have a mouse with USB ports. They work great and they will make your life easier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great. I have a Canon digital camera and I have not had any problem with it. I am using it to transfer pictures from my Canon S95 and Canon XF 50mm F1.8 lens to the Sony X100 and Sony X500. I would definately recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised.  I like the compact size and portability.  The sound is nice.  It is a little on the louder side but not to much 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great addition to the MP3 player. I use it for my iPod as well as my mp3 player and it works great.  I have used the headphones for my car and they work just as well.  You can't beat the price!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned this product for a while now. It's worked great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is awesome. I got it as a gift and am very happy with it.  I do not use it everyday, but it is a great way to connect a CD player to your computer! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was easy to set up and easy to use.  I love the sound and it was a lot easier to connect and use than the last model I had.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great. I've had no problems with it. It is light and easy to install, has great sound.  I wish there were more models out there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is great!  The length is great and it has a great connector!  This is the first thing I've bought from Logitech and I've been happy with it.  It's a little bit more expensive than the others I've tried, but it's worth it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just what you need to make your CD player sound like it's a CD player, but it is so much better than the competition that you can see why Sony sells it so much.  The sound is very clear, and the sound from my iPod is very noticeable.  I would buy it again, because the sound quality is better than all of my iPod's competitors, and this product is priced very competitively compared to what I've found elsewhere 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an avid electronic device user and am always looking for an improvement in sound quality, so I took a chance on this product and am very pleased.  The sound is really amazing!  I could not be happier with my new iPod! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I needed a small, cheap and lightweight radio. I needed to replace my previous antenna that was about a foot long.  It is just right. I have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this for my friend. The case has plenty of room for his mouse. The only thing that I would add to it is an extra button for him to be able to get out of it. Otherwise it is perfect for him 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great.  I've not had a problem so far with it.  Very easy to use, but does take a while to set up.  Works well, works on my Mac too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy setup and easy to use. Good price too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these for my wife to keep a record of what music we listened to.  She has a very bad iPod with her, so I wanted something that could stand up to that.  They work as advertised, as I had hoped.  The only thing I would say is that the unit was slightly bulky, but that is a small price to pay for the good quality.  Overall a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a mouse that would be easier to use and less cumbersome than my Logitech MX518. The mouse is very well made and the software is very intuitive. The only negative I have is that I don't like that the mouse is slightly more expensive than the Logitech. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome electronic device.  The sound quality is great.  It is very easy to use and has a great sound.  I used the 2 in 1 for the first time and it worked perfectly.  What a difference!  The CD player was just as quiet as the CD player I used to have.  Now I can listen to the radio all the way through without having to stop or restart the CD for the other songs.  You can also use it for mp3 and mp4 without using headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had a very bad problem with my iPod nano.  I had bought this for my son's school and it worked perfectly.  However, after my son got it home, the battery was almost dead out.  So, I gave it back to Amazon and they sent me a new one.  This one works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised. The sound is great.The only thing I wish was different was that I needed a remote with my TV remote.I did not have a TV remote, so I was able to operate the TV by pushing a button.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item was exactly as I expected. It was as advertised, but it was so much better than the cheap plastic ones I've been buying lately. I would buy again, if not for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great! They look nice and they have an easy-to-use feature to transfer files to and from the card to and off of your PC. The software that comes with it is also great. I have an HP Pavilion and have been a little disappointed with HP's card transfer software. It's not as easy as the Toshiba and it has a lot more options to transfer the files from the computer to the card.  Overall, these cards are great.  I recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice product. I got it and it worked like a charm. The only drawback is it's very expensive. But for the price I'm satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this cable and have not yet received it.  I just need to wait until Monday so I can get it!  The cable is exactly as described 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones have become my favorite electronic device and the price was very reasonable.  The sound is great.  I was concerned with the fact that the ear cup could not stand up to the weight, but they did!  I am not a big fan of ear cups in earphones, but these are very comfortable.  Highly recommend these headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a big fan of Sony products.  The DR500B is a big improvement over my old DR400J.  It has a better LCD screen, better microphone input, better sound.  However, the only drawback is that it only comes in one color.  Sony is still one of the most well-known manufacturers in the electronic device world.  I don't expect to get many customers that want to sacrifice the color.I will be ordering this product again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was just as described.  Great product, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she loves it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is good.  However the controls are a little difficult to use.  The unit does exactly what you expect and no problems.  I would recommend this product to anyone that uses their sound card and this product will make your sound card look better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for me! I had a problem with my printer a few months back. The software for the printer had stopped working. I thought it was a software problem.  I had to contact Amazon and get a replacement printer, but this one worked great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an old school analog player and was looking for something that could give me better sound. The product is perfect and the price was great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well.  I like the sound and the sound is much better than I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only reason I didn't buy this item is because I have my laptop on a rack and the connectors are not at the top.  This one fits nicely and has just the right amount of pins for my laptop.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with this product. I am on the road constantly, and this is the only device I use to record my sessions.  The price was excellent, and I could not have asked for anything better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are awesome. I use them to record my videos and they hold my HD recording media nicely.  It's easy to mount and use, the microphone is great and the price was great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds are very comfortable and sound good.  I have a wide range of noise and ambient noise and these fit the best.  The only negative review I have about them is the fact that the cable that they use to plug into the player is very long.  You would need to use both ends if you want to plug your player into the same cable as the cable the other end is on.  If you have to use the same one, I would suggest using the one that is a little longer.  Overall, these earbud are a good purchase for the money and I highly recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described.  It worked out great and the price was great.  We've had other brand product and they do not work at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am happy with the product.  I have been looking for a way to use my mp3 player in the studio with my TV and the player is great.  The sound is great and I like the way it fits my TV.  It is lightweight and compact and has a nice look to it.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These sound great, and they're easy to use.  The sound is clear and the speakers are clear and crisp.  They fit nicely into a small space, and the remote is easy to find 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to store my ipod, and this was the best choice.  It fits easily in my pocket, is light and compact.  I would buy this again and again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables because the first ones I had in the car broke.  I'm using these now and they're a huge help 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the fact that this product is compact.  It fits my Mac mini perfectly.  The product is very easy to use and is well worth the money.  My only problem is that the DVD player works only on computers with Windows XP.  I am upgrading to Vista so that I can use this product on Vista computers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is a little weak, but it is very good.  It is slightly less than the Sennheiser HD600, but you get what you pay for.  If you are looking for a sound card that will be great for recording mp3's or other audio that you will want to record at high volume then this is a great card.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a problem with my Panasonic DVX-T720 and I thought I had something wrong with it.  I installed the Panasonic DV-T540, which is a little bit bigger.  The DVX now plays a little better.  Overall it is a nice little receiver.  For $100 I'd be happy to have an upgraded receiver.I will be upgrading my DVX from the DVXT720 to the DVT540.  It will be nice to have a receiver that is slightly larger.  My DVX is 6'1" and the DV-540 is 6.5'2" 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an HP Z-Series and I love the idea of this product, I've been using it for a week and so far it has worked perfectly.  I just have to say that the picture on the DVD that I recorded has a very bad blur and I have to do a little bit of work to get it looking like the picture I want 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have the original, which was sold in a box and has a CD player. The one we got was of the same model as the one sold in the box. The difference is only cosmetic, but it's a small price to pay. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great!  You can connect two USB devices to it and you can use both at the same time.  You will be glad you purchased this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised.  No problems with it so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. I've had to return it twice for a different card that fits the memory card.  You will not regret purchasing this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to buy this for my Sony CX-5 since it's my only camera and it's not too big, but I needed a way to charge the camera while I'm in the car and I don't want to use the charger on my laptop which is right next to my car (because my laptop doesn't have any ports).  I bought this battery because I needed something cheap, and it was the best price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, I have used it a few times now and it works just as it is supposed to.  I have only used it on my laptop so far and it is very sturdy.  The only thing I would do to it is to use the wireless dongle to connect it to the internet instead of the mouse and keyboard combo because it is a little more difficult to get the mouse up and down.  However, it has solved that problem so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy solution for the Sony TV I am installing in the back of the house.  It does what it says and more.  I love the color and the picture.  The only thing I don't like is the picture looks so much better in person 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. I have not tried to mount it, but it is easy to install 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the money.  I love the idea of not having to buy anything else when buying new media and music.  It is a little heavy, but it's worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I expected. I needed to purchase another product just to make sure that it worked for my laptop, but it did.  It's a good item to have in your home, especially if you don't have much room to store an external drive.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product. It is a nice product.  The picture quality is a little better than the average monitor, but the price is very reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works perfectly. It is easy to use and it has all the functions that I need. The only thing I would like is to see a larger display. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a way to record my iPod on my computer.  I'm happy with this product.  If you want to record your iPod on your computer, this is a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this CD-R in order to use my Sony DVD player. I've been looking for a CD player that I can use with the player, as I'm using it as an HTPC.  The player itself is easy to use and looks great.  But I would like to have CD player playbacks at the same time as DVD player, so I needed an optical drive that I could plug into the player.  I'm very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product.  I had to do a search on the net for the original, but it was sold out and I can't get it anymore 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a compact case for my G4, so I bought this.  I love it.  The only thing I would change is that they put the batteries in the case rather than in the pocket. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an excellent product. I am an office worker and my mouse is a bit of a problem.  The other mouse I had worked well for the first three months, but after the fourth month my mouse would not register on the screen at all.  I thought the mouse was defective.  Since then I have purchased the Qosmo and it is a dream!  It is a perfect fit for my job.  My only complaint is the price.  If you don't need the buttons, buy the Quso, which also has the buttons.  But if you do need the button, it is worth the price because the Qotio is a lot more comfortable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is good, the only thing I would like to see is a better user guide.  I have a Samsung 64GB SD card, and it took me awhile to get it to work.  But it worked!! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only reason I would buy this product is that the headphones are so small.  They fit my ears well, and they're easy to adjust.  The sound is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my wife and they work very well. I had an old computer and it kept dying because the DVD drive in the CD player is defective. The sound is fine, but it does get hot when playing movies. It is a little tricky to turn it on and off, but after a few tries you get the hang of it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to get a better screen in my home theatre, and this is perfect for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed.  Great price and it works.  I had an old optical player with an adapter and this worked great.  Very simple to use.  Don't waste your money on cheap adapters.  This one is the best bang for the buck 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the item because my iPod would not hold any longer than an hour before I wanted to turn it on.  This is perfect!  The only negative thing I can say is that it does not have the ability to turn the iPod on and off.  The instructions do state that this is a feature and it is, however, a manual function that requires you to press the button once.  It is not a very cumbersome thing to do, but if you want to turn off the iPod and leave it on all the time you will probably have to do it manually!  Overall a good buy! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this antenna about a month ago and it works well.  You can tune in to FM stations and receive the station while driving without having to stop and switch from radio to radio.  The antenna also looks cool and adds a nice touch to the dashboard.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  I've got it set up to record my TV and play it to the TV.  It has a great sound and is a great price.  Very well made. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was a little on the expensive side, but I really liked the sound quality.  I've had it for over a month now, and it's still great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  I have a Toshiba laptop which is slightly smaller than I need, but this fits perfectly.  Great sound, great price, excellent customer service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds were a perfect fit and sound great!  I would recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a wireless antenna to pick up a broadcast signal from my television set. The antenna provided an excellent reception and was very easy to install. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is nice to have a larger keyboard, especially since it does have a trackpad.  It comes with an extra mouse, a mousepad, a key pad, and a wireless mouse.  I use this keyboard for my office work as well as my gaming.  If you use a laptop or other piece of equipment that has a keyboard and mouse, this product is a must.  The software works well and it comes with a great customer service support.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound of the speakers.  I do wish that they had a better price, however 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product.  It was exactly what I needed to have a better quality signal from my radio.  You could say I am happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  It has worked great for me.  The sound is amazing.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable works perfectly with the i5, 6 and i7 processors 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have the HD DVD recorder, and I like it a lot.  It's well-made, has a good sound, and is very well designed.  The one drawback I have with it is the size.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using these for over a year and have never had a problem with them.  I had a couple of them that stopped working.  My question is if you have had problems with them before try them again.  They do sound great, and you can use them with almost any mp3 player or mp3 device.  The only problem is they tend to run out of battery pretty quick, but I just plug it in and they last a long time.  These are probably the best buy on Amazon right now for your mp3 system 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the perfect sound for the money.  I do not like the idea of the stock mic, but it's a small price to pay for a sound quality that rivals the factory.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has an excellent build quality and it has a very nice touch that makes the phone a pleasure to hold.  The volume control is very handy and the buttons are nice and small.  We use this for every day calls to the home office and it always works perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great! It's compact and fits in the palm of my hand, which is great.  The picture is great and I am very pleased with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a HP Elite Laserjet CDW8, a printer that was a gift from my friend, who uses it every day.  Since I have the CDW6, I needed to upgrade to the CDU8.  The CDU5 had a problem with my HP scanner and couldn't print out any documents (it just didn't print anything).  I purchased this CDU7 and it worked as expected.  I really like this product.  It's a little more expensive than the CDF5, but it is worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a DVD player to record my favorite songs and videos and my friend needed it for her birthday party. I had purchased an older Sony player that I was really liking so I was excited to see if this one would be any better. It is. The sound is clear and clear. It has an MP3 player mode that I like. I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great, easy to install and works well.  I wish they would make them available in the USA 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I love the product, but it is a bit small, I had to take it apart to get it to fit properly.  You could also use the included clip to attach it to your case, which is a good thing.  The picture is nice, but the sound quality is quite a bit better than the included earphones.  This is a great product, it will last you a long time.  Don't let the price fool you, this is an amazing product.  Buy it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly as described and works like a charm!  Great product and great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I am using it with my laptop and it's working great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am so glad I bought this. It was exactly as advertised.  I was so impressed with the sound quality that I bought a pair of speakers for my wife, and I must say they're excellent.  The only thing I would add is that you do need to attach them to the wall as there is no easy way to put them in the cup holder when they're not being used.  But, if you like the sound then you won't be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am not sure if I am getting the best out of this antenna. I had a 20 foot antenna in a tree with a lot of branches, so I had to get it to be more than a 20 ft antenna and I had the antenna hooked up to my receiver.  This is a very nice antenna.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome!  We love it.  The sound is crystal clear and the sound quality is great.  If you want a more compact system that has better sound than a lot of the other ones out there, this is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product! It was exactly what I expected and it is compact. It was easy to install, has everything I needed, and it works.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the mouse for the school curriculum, it is very comfortable and very easy to use.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a great buy.  We are so glad we bought it, the sound is amazing! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to use on my laptop as a portable CD player. I was able to fit my CD player in the case without it hitting the case. The case is great.  The sound quality is great, the case is light and easy to carry.  You can't beat the price for the case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because my iPod was starting to show signs of age and I wanted to replace it with something that was less expensive.  Works fine and the price was right.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  It is very small and lightweight.  The sound is clear and clear.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great headphones, very comfortable, they have a great sound. I recommend them highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great value for the money.  The sound is nice and clear and the picture is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second item from Amazon.  I purchased this product for my wife.  She's a professional photographer and it's a pleasure to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing!  It has saved me so much time in setup and configuration, that I now have my own desktop!  The picture is very clear, the sound is also very clear.  I love this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  It allows you to use your mouse without worrying about the buttons popping out 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent. It's an excellent choice for the price and has a great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds sound great!  I like the wireless option, but the earbud itself is nice.  The earbudes are easy to wear and easy to adjust to the shape of your ear, as well as the sound is great.  I would buy them again if they were not so expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great electronic device. I've had no problems with it.  I would buy another product in the future if I needed one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  I had no problem with it.  It worked out great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described and delivered as promised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it seemed to be the best value for the price at the time. It does everything I could ever ask for, including wireless internet access (for me). I was concerned about the small case and the fact that it would be difficult to carry around. It was the only one that I carried around in my car (I've got a full-sized Sony Walkman case) so I needed to have the smallest case possible, but not the most uncomfortable. The case has a nice soft touch to it and it's got a small volume control. It's nice enough that I don't feel the need to use the volume control that much. The picture quality is excellent and the speakers are great, but the antenna is a bit weak. It gets to me sometimes, but it's not that annoying. Overall, the product is great. It works great for the amount of money I paid and has worked for me. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very sturdy and it is very easy to assemble and use.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this item to replace a defective Sony MP-X10 player, which was found to have an RF short in the connector. This player is much more durable than the Sony model I used, and the player is very well made and the sound quality is excellent. I am very pleased with the purchase and will recommend this item. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well.  The antenna works fine, but there are a few things I would like to see changed - I'd like to get a better antenna, for one.  I'd also like to be able to put it in the car and it won't be in the trunk or in the back seat, since I have to move it every time I need to listen to the radio.  It will probably work fine in the garage, though.  Overall a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked just as described, and it was fast.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a case to protect my HP laptop from scratching and dropping on the floor. This case was perfect.  The only thing I wish I had done differently is to buy a case that would protect the keyboard. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was easy to set up, and it's great sound!  I used my iPod to record music on the phone and then transferred to my iPod with the supplied iPod dock, and both of them worked great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great.  We needed two of them.  You can see the pictures for size comparison.  The only thing I would like to see is a little higher resolution for the screen to fit the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with the sound and ease of setup and operation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These were just as described.  I didn't have any problems with them.  It is a nice little item to have 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. i've had mine for over a year and its still going strong!  Love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a DVD player for my wife's wedding. The seller was great and delivered quickly. He had the player for me within three days. The player worked perfectly and was a great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am not sure why you would be interested in this product over the product I got at Radio Shack.  I bought this for my wife who is a very heavy user.  It was easy to use, worked great, and has the same range as the Radio Shack product.  My wife also liked that the remote did not require the same button push that was required on the RadioShack product. I like this product a lot 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these and they are great!  They come with everything needed.  They are easy to use and very durable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price. I had an Apple product for my HP laptop and wanted to get a better one at the same time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I use it on all my systems and am very happy.  If you don't have an optical drive with optical drive bay, this product will be just fine for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my laptop and it is working perfectly.  It is the shortest and most durable cable I've ever owned.  I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, the price is great!  The only thing I wish was a little different was that the switch could only be switched from AC to battery power (which is a nice feature).  It could be powered off of the AC power source (which would also be nice). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these speakers for my wife to replace her stock speakers.  The speakers sound great!  We bought them from Amazon for a great price and the speakers were delivered right to our door.  We didn't have to wait too long for delivery because they arrived the same day we ordered!  The sound quality is fantastic.  They sound more like an expensive pair of speakers, so if you are on a budget or don't like the sound of your stock speakers, these speakers may not be for you.  However, they do provide a decent stereo sound with an easy to use remote control and can be placed on your bed for a night sleep 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best product I've seen, especially for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy to use and works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These sound great and hold up very well! I love the sound, they fit my speakers well and are a great size for the money!  I love that they can be left on for hours and not worry about them burning out! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was just looking for an easy way to connect my camera to my PC and use it without needing to set up the software first.  This one did the trick!  The only thing I would suggest is to make sure that your cable isn't too long, since I could only fit the cables I needed in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product.  The sound is really clear and the price is right!  I will buy this product again and again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price.  We have both the Sennheiser and Sony so we could see why they were so expensive.  These earphones really live up to the hype and have better sound than most $20 earphones.  Very comfortable with a nice fit 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good electronic item.  The only problem I had was that the picture quality was a little less than I expected.  I used to have a Panasonic DVD player which was much better.  Overall a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my 2-year old son's laptop!  I can use the laptop and charger at the same time, and it charges at full speed!  The product was very easy to install, easy to use, and works as expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had to buy an adapter from eBay because my receiver can't take analog and digital signals from my cable TV. This is great for that, and allows me to keep my home theater equipment all in one box.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  It fits my i3 perfectly.  The sound is better than I expected, as it is very clear.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great price for what you get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Great price!  Great sound, excellent sound quality.  Easy to setup and use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was just what I needed to make my DVD player work. It is so much better than the old one I had that would not play DVD's properly, and it is small and easy to use.  I am so glad that I bought this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my new card.  I am a novice on the system and I got it for it's price and to help me with my CD's.  It does everything I need.  No problems with it so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked as advertised.  It was very easy to assemble and disassemble.  Great price and shipping was great!  The product was exactly as promised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and is very convenient to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, not only for the price, but also because it is a very compact player! The sound quality is outstanding, as is the price.  I was able to record my entire collection of songs on one compact player, without the need to carry around my laptop or mp3 player.  You can even play songs on your ipod, or mpv player, and then play them back on your mp3 players!  The only reason I don't give it a 5 star rating is because of the case that the player comes with.  The case is nice, but it doesn't cover the entire screen of the player, which I find is a bit small.  It also comes with an extra plastic case that I bought in case I need to use the case again.  Overall I would buy this player again, but I would not buy the case unless I had to use it again!  I am a professional recording engineer, and I have not used the case enough to give a bad review about it!  It is an excellent buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are really nice and have a lot of volume and are comfortable.  I would recommend these headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome. I bought it because my laptop was getting really hot, and I wanted to make sure that my phone could be placed near the front of the unit so that I could use it to listen to the sound without having to turn the radio on or off to warm it up 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product. I've owned the old Sony DVD player and I had to return it because it couldn't handle the large amount of DVDs I had on it.  The X-T1 handles DVDs with ease and is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  The only thing I wish it had was a longer battery, so I could have had my iPod at work for a long time without worrying about having to replace it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it, works as advertised. Great sound quality and easy to install.  Very nice product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great! The software works great and the sound is great.  It is lightweight and easy to use.  The only thing that could be better is if you can get a better sound from it than the previous ones.  I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  We use it to hook up our digital camcorder.  It's a bit bulky (and it looks a little cheap).  However, it's not too expensive, and it has a small amount of rubber to protect the microphone, so we really like it!  It also has a built-in power switch that makes it easier to hook it up and use.  I also like that the antenna is removable (it's just a clip).  It has also worked fine with the Sennheiser MKH-1000 and the Senna S1M. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a novice to this kind of item. I have a Toshiba Q and I use it on a daily basis. I was really surprised when I received this product. It is just what I needed. I used my Q with it and it was very comfortable.  I have my Q on my lap and use the mouse all the time. This mouse does not make me use my Q more, it makes me use it even more.  You will get a good feeling using this mouse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for all my home video equipment. It is easy to install and is an excellent product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an Asus CX-22, and this is an improvement. The picture is crisp and clear, the volume is a bit louder than the CX 22. However, the sound is a little muffled and the buttons are a bit too small to find, so it is a tough decision.  I also like the fact that it has an on/off button, which makes the volume easier to find. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice product, with a lot of features and good sound.  The only drawback is that the battery does not last as long as the other batteries that I have bought.  Other than that it's a very solid product, and I am happy with it.  I would buy this product again if I could find a cheaper battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new iPod to replace my old iPod that was lost on a trip.  The iPod shuffle was very compact and had a lot of storage space.  I also needed a better way to view music in the car.  This was the perfect fit! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an iPod to play music from my laptop without having to use my portable player. I was happy to find one.  It's small, compact, and has all the features that I need.  The only negative is that you can only play one song at a time, although it's a good feature.  Overall it's great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great and it is very easy to use.  I do have to be a little careful to keep the rubber case clean because of the scratches, but otherwise it is a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm glad this is a good product, and it's easy to use!  I was buying the other product because the camera has an IR filter and the camera does not.  I had a problem with the filter that was not removable, so I had to remove the filter and put it back.  The camera is also easier to use, because I can use it with my iPod! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are the best headphones I've ever owned! They sound great, have excellent fit and comfort, and are easy to clean! They don't distort and have a fantastic sound. I also love the fact that the ear pads have removable tips! The headphones sound fantastic 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cables are the best I've ever used.  The color of the cable is nice, the feel is very nice, and the length is just right.  It's nice to be able to hook it up from the laptop to the HD TV, and then use it to plug into the TV, or the power cable.  I love them!  I also have a set of them with my VHS tapes.  They just work.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an improvement over the Sony product.  The sound quality is great.  I can't compare to the S3, but the S5 certainly makes the sound more balanced.  For the price, this product is a bargain.  A little more expensive than the Sony, but it is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price is great and the sound is incredible.  It's not as loud as some of the other models but the price is right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm. Just what I needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use, works well, looks cool 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works perfectly and it is very easy to use.  The only problem is that it is a bit bulky.  If you plan on doing alot of video and audio recording you will definitely want to purchase the case.  I also recommend the $15.00 one that came with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an inexpensive and convenient DVD player.  The only thing that is a negative is that it's not in the most comfortable place to use.  But it is an extremely easy to use unit.  I love the fact that the player can record to DVD's from your DVD player (without the need of a player).  The player is also very durable and very well made.  It is also a great deal for the money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers for my son. He is a sound professional and they sound great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  I have the iMac G3 and the Mac Mini case and it fits perfectly.  The only problem is the size.  You can't see the keyboard very well from the case.  But I love the keyboard and it has a very nice feel to it.  So I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife who uses a laptop with a built-in DVD burner. It works just as well as my HP DVD+ Burner, and the price was comparable! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with the product and will purchase again.  I will buy more from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well and it was worth the money to me.  I was worried when I saw the price tag but was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality and the fact that it is a little smaller than I expected. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It is easy to use and works well.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the case is not the best.  I bought this because my printer does not like to sit on the table 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these for the camera and the computer.  I was skeptical when the price came down, but they work perfectly.  They are very sturdy and I don't have any trouble getting them in and out.  The software is easy to use and the product is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is clear, the price is excellent, and it is easy to set up.  I like the ease of changing the volume, however the sound quality is better than most I have heard.  The only drawback is that the speakers do not fold flat and the wires are not as long as other products, however I think this is a good price.  Buy it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well.  It is a little pricey, but worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It is a little smaller than the other one but the price is right.  The software is simple and the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product.  The price is great, the product itself is a good product. It was easy to install.  I was very pleased with the performance.  It took less than 30 seconds to turn my DVD player into a DVD player and player to player.  We have both a DVD and a VHS player and this product was the best for the price.  Great product.Great service from Sony.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an awesome addition to my home network.  It is simple to setup and works just as well as the one on my network.The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the price.  The $20 one is a bit cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great, but not quite as fast as my previous one, but it's very comfortable for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect. I have a Toshiba Satellite Laptop that has the same drive in it, but is a little heavier and not as portable as my Dell PowerEdge 500. It is also much quieter and more durable than my Dell, and it has a smaller footprint compared to the Dell, even if the Dell is heavier. The case is easy to use, and is easy on my arm. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this card for my wife and she loves it.  The card does the job.  We use it for both work and play.  She can plug in a mouse, use a CD player, and still be able to play CDs.  I would recommend this card to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for an upgrade to my Sony DVD player and decided to give this one a shot. It's a great little player for the money! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed.  It's easy to use, looks great and it works as expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am in the market for a small player for my husband and I.  I wanted something that would be easy to carry around and still provide great sound for our living room, which is located right next to our kitchen.  The iPod is great, but it does take up a lot of space.  Amazon was able to beat Amazon by $50 when I ordered the iPod Touch.  For the price Amazon was willing to charge, I couldn't resist.  After using it for a week, I would definitely buy a second one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was using my laptop at work and needed something to help with my mouse.  I found this mouse pad and it worked out great.  It was a little big for my size, but it works great. I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because it was the cheapest price available 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, has great sound. The only thing I wish I would have gotten was the 2 meter version, but I have it now and it works just fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an easy to use product and works very well.  It has the features that are needed and works great.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the HP DL580 for about 2 months now. It has worked well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the product with the hope of getting a good price for a great product, which was great! I was so glad I found it, I had no choice but to buy another product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it looked great and it works like a charm.  It is great.  The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't have the capacity to store all my pictures and videos.  But it is very small, so I don`t care 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  I use this to record my video, mp3, and photos.  It has a nice sound, but not too loud.  The only thing that I have found is that the sound is weak when it's on the screen.  If I'm doing something intensive like watching a DVD, I'll turn the volume up a little bit to get the sound better.  Overall, I am very pleased with this product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked perfectly for my first printer.  No problems with printing.  Great price, works great and it is easy to use.  I would buy it again if needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this product for a month now and its performing well.  The sound is nice and clear.  I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I expected.  It works as advertised, but the product does not come with instructions 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to connect my ipod and ipod mini to my PC. I bought this because I am sure the reviews would be positive and I had nothing to lose. I have a few others that do the job. I prefer this one because it has a slightly larger diameter to hold my ipods in place. It's also easier to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am extremely pleased with this product!  I needed to get my laptop to run my office's old printer.  The color and image quality are great and the printer works like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product in my Panasonic DVD player and am very happy with it.  It's a little more pricey than the cheaper alternatives, but the sound is much better.  You have to be careful to not use the power button too much (you can hear a little static), but otherwise it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was very well packaged. I was not expecting the sound to be as great as it was.  The microphone was easy to use and had excellent sensitivity.  I do not have a problem with the microphone.  However, the sound was very good.  It was very easy to record to the memory card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  I am able to record at 60FPS for the TV while the other room has only 35FPS!  I have not had any problems with it.  The only thing I would like to see done better is that there is a way to adjust the output.  It is too loud in my room at times.  We all want to be able to hear the TV, and that is the main reason I bought this product.  If you have a hard time adjusting the volume with the remote, I would recommend you buying the TV itself and adjust the volume from there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this cable for my son. It works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is lightweight, has great sound, and it is not too expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product. It has great sound and a nice price.  It's just not very well made.  I bought this to use as a TV.  My only complaint is that the controls can't be fully accessed if you don't have a cable (I have a TV tuner). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well made.  I use it as a spare for my DVD player, which can be mounted into the back of my desk, and it does an excellent job of holding the DVD player.  The only thing I would recommend is to buy a higher quality cable to make sure it's not going to break. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it about 6 months ago and have used it every day and every night.  I'm sure I could find something better for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a way to record my TV and have found it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It has the functionality of an SD card, and it fits nicely into the slot of a small DVD player.  The price was very reasonable, and I didn't have to pay for shipping, which is a big bonus 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers because the sound of my home stereo speakers was not enough for me to feel comfortable about moving them away from my bedroom.  I was very pleased with the sound and the ease of setup.  If you are looking for a speaker system for your bedroom or your car then these speakers are great.  The sound is clear and the speakers seem sturdy enough to hold up to your car's weight.  There is a slightly less-than-optimal volume level that can be adjusted from the menu system, but I do not have to do this because the speakers themselves do not weigh that much.  They are not loud, but they are clear enough and the bass is decent enough to satisfy most listeners.  These speakers sound great for the price and I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for speakers that will satisfy their desire to hear their favorite songs at a reasonable volume without having to constantly listen to their neighbors' car stereos. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this product for a year now and have been very happy with it.  You can use this to record your voice and the sound is amazing.  The only thing I would like to see added is a case that is a little more secure when storing the unit.  I find the one I have to be almost impossible to remove without damaging it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is nice, not too heavy, and the price is right.  It has a good sound for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product.  I've owned a lot of other USB flash drives, but have found it to be a little more reliable.  It's small and light, and works with my computer without much hassle.  The biggest problem is that the USB interface has a little "clicky" feel.  However, I don't have any complaints.  My laptop is now at least 30% faster. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this item for my wife to use on her iPad Mini. I must say it is great. I was concerned with the size as it was a little bit too big for her, but it worked great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. I like the ability to customize the sound to my car, and the price is right! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a portable CD player to carry around and use while on the beach. I got this CD player and am very happy with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The cable is long enough to accommodate my TV, and the picture is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product.  It is a little bit larger than my previous product but that was just because I am so used to this type of sound.  I am very pleased with the sound quality.  The product is nice, durable and it is a great value. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product! It is very easy to use. I have to replace it about every 2 months as the memory will wear out and it is no longer working.  I have had to purchase a new memory and it has performed great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this item and I must say I am very happy with it.  The sound is clear and clear.  I use my phone all the time and the sound has always been very clear. This is the best I have found for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, looks good and is small.  Works for my 10.8" notebook 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product in my office. I love the ease of installation and the sound quality. I will definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is excellent, but you do need to use it on your computer. It works perfectly in my case, and is worth the money.  I would not pay for it unless you use it in your office, but it is a great product and works well for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a very happy customer with this product.    I can use it with both my DVD player and my VCR.  The only negative thing I can think of is the lack of memory.  You can only use so much in a day and that is a small thing.  However, I do like the ability to store media in a larger area than the standard player can.  I use my DVD in the player to store the music and I can also use it to play it when I am not using the player.  This is a great player and I am glad I got it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound, good price.  Can't believe the price. I was surprised to see that this product works!  I haven't had it more than 2 months yet, but it's still great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card worked as I expected and is small enough to fit inside my laptop.  I would recommend this card for anyone who uses their laptop outside of the office or at home.  You get what you pay for and this card is really worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well for my wife and I.  We both had iPod shuffle which we both love.  She can use her MP3 player without the need to carry it.  The unit is easy to use.  It works great.  There are some slight problems with the sound.  This is an iPod so not to worry.  I would recommend this product.  You can not hear the music from the unit itself when it is powered on.  If you play music while charging it will not power on 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best one I have ever used. It's a bit pricy but I have used the product for 2 years now and it has been a real joy to use.  The sound is great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described. It worked well and was quick.  I bought this because I wanted to replace my DVD player which had an older model that would not play DVDs.  My DVD player is about a year old and it would play all my discs without any problem.  This is a good product and I will recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed an mp3 player for my husband and myself. We both love it! We listen to music all day and it's great! It is so easy to use, even the manual was a breeze to use. The sound is clear and clear. The only thing I would have to change would be the volume control. The higher the volume, the more the sound goes away. I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this card about a year ago, and it has worked well.  I use the card for my desktop and it is very comfortable and I can move my mouse around very easily.  Great product.  The only thing I would recommend is to get the larger size, because the mouse button is a little big, but not that big 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice DVD player for the money.  The sound is very good.  It's a little small, but you can fit it comfortably in the small space of your home.  You won't be disappointed with this item.  Buy it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great, its a little more bulky than the other ones, but for the price it is a great product.  It has everything that I needed, and the customer service is awesome.  They sent me a replacement immediately after I bought the original, and it works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I just wish I had a better memory card in this card. I am not a tech, but the memory card is very small.  Great price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my needs.  It does exactly what I expected and more.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have both the A and B units and use both regularly.  I just bought a new unit and am very pleased with the product.  You can get a little warmer, but if you want a really cool sound this is it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are great. They are well made, very comfortable and the sound is great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device and I'm really pleased with the product.  It has worked out better than I expected.  The sound is very clear and crisp.  I'm using my Sony PXD5DV3 DVD player and it's very loud and clear.  Overall it's a great buy and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an easy way to connect an iPod or MP3 player to their TV.  If you're looking for a cheap adapter, this is a great one! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because it's compact and has a built-in power cord to use with my iPad.  I have it hooked up to my laptop and it works great!  It's compact, so I can use it while the laptop is on the floor or laying flat, and it has an LED indicator to show the status of the power connection 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife to use while traveling. She loves it.  The sound is a little louder than my laptop.  Still a great value, well worth the price.  Would definetly buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband to replace his laptop battery. He loves it! It's small, compact and it's power is just right. It's not as loud as the HP product, but the sound quality is just fine. I would buy this product again if needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a nice electronic device that would do the job. This one does.  The sound is great.  It has an easy setup and easy to use interface.  I would recommend this product to anyone who needs a good sound card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent. I use this to record my music to my DVD player.  I've never had any problems with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, has all the features I need. I would buy again and buy another if this is not available 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  I use it every day.  My only complaint is that the unit does not come with the screws that the ones you get with the DVD player come with.  That is an easy fix and I hope you can do it too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great.  The cable is well made and it is well priced 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked perfectly for me.  It was a little tricky, but the directions helped.  The product was not as advertised, however.  I had to put the antenna back into the case after installation.  Once back, it worked just fine.  All I can say is that this product is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product for the price.  It does exactly what it is suppose to do.  I have had to re-mount the case every time I take my laptop away from the case.  The rubber is not the best, but it does the job.  Don't expect the best from a $100 product, but if you want a case to protect your laptop that is comfortable and doesn't have to be cleaned or re-laid, this is for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect!  The sound quality is incredible!  It is small and lightweight.  It looks great and is a great deal for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great.  I love it!  Great sound, great price.  Great price and it's easy to install 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product! I've had it for several months now and it is the best piece of electronic device I've ever used! The battery is great! I use it for my iPod, mp3 player, and iPod dock.  It is not only light, but it charges fast.  I have had no problems with it.  All I can say is I am extremely pleased with this product!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal for the price!  Very easy to use and looks cool.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great. It is the best product I have used to transfer pictures.  It is very easy to use.  If you need to transfer larger files (like movies) you will need an external drive.  I bought this because my old external drive broke and I needed another one.  The picture was transferred to the drive in less than 5 minutes.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a gift from my wife and I.  I got it in time for the holiday shopping rush and have been very pleased with it.  It has a nice size and is easy to use.  The microphone works very well and is not loud.  This is a great product.  A little expensive but worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so excited about my new DVD player. I ordered the player and received it in about 5 days. I was very impressed with the product. I have an older Panasonic DVD player that has lost a lot of it's original clarity.  My player is a Sony, which has great clarity and is more than adequate for my needs. I recommend Sony for this DVD player because it has a more advanced player design and software that allows me to control the player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works perfectly.  The product is lightweight and sturdy.  I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  The sound is clear and the volume is just right for a CD player.  It is sturdy and the pictures are very nice.  A great buy for those of us that don't need the full volume of a CD but need to have the ability to play a few songs at a time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, not to mention looks awesome!  Not to mention the price is very reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The only thing that I would be negative about is the price.  I purchased this cable at Wal-Mart for $1.99.  It is a great deal.  If you are looking for an alternative cable, I would suggest the KUZUS Cable for a little less 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has worked like a charm for the last year. I've had an older version of the card and it still works, but the newest version seems to be just as good.  The card is nice and light, and the picture is really good.I'm not sure if this is a newer version, or the newer one is just better. Either way, I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a big fan of this product.  It has all the features I wanted.  No problems with the sound, easy to use, small size, all the things I wanted in a phone.  This phone has been working well for me for over a year now and I will continue to use it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse after my old one broke and I was afraid I would have to find a new mouse for my desk space.  It's a great mouse and it has all the features I like.  I do wish it was a little bit cheaper, though.  But overall a great buy and I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband and it's really great!  The case is super sturdy, and the screen is easy to use.  I was expecting something a little nicer, but it's still a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only used the product once.  It was delivered very quickly.  The product works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great upgrade to my old iPod.  The quality is great.  It plays everything I've played and the price is right.  I'm using it on an airplane and haven't had any problems with it.  This is an easy buy for the price.  Don't be fooled by the picture, it's not that big!  It's about 1/2 inch high. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I was buying it for my girlfriend's birthday, and she loved it.  It works perfectly.  She is a woman, so we both love it. It was easy to set up and use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a large user of my iPod touch and have never had a problem with the battery.  I wanted to have the battery on hand to charge my iPod in case I needed to use it while traveling.  The iPod Touch is small enough to carry on a plane but also large enough to charge the battery in the plane.  For my iPod Touch I will never buy another electronic device without having the battery ready to go. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great!  The only negative review I have is the remote is slightly uncomfortable.  I would buy a smaller remote if I could 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an Apple user, and I love the iPod nano. It's small and light, and the buttons are just right. But the thing that gets me excited is the ability to transfer mp3 files to it. I used to have my iPod player with a player/charger built into it.  Now, I can simply plug the player/ charger into the iPod, and transfer the files to the player.I really appreciate the size and power of this player, and have no complaints.  It is an improvement over my previous player, which is a Sony player, but has the same problem of not being able to store mp3s 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a good USB stick for my laptop that could not be sold cheaply.  These are very compact and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great. I had a very low HP laptop (8MB ram, 1.5GB HDD) and this worked fine!  It has very good audio and volume. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this iPod player for almost a year now and I have not had a problem with it.  The sound quality is excellent and the design is great.  You cannot go wrong with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is great for my Sony camcorder.  It's also great for the Sony HD-C7. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The memory cards worked great!  It worked just as described 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a HP Stream 1520 (TWC) that I love. I needed something that could replace it, and HP made it easy for me to purchase this card.  The only thing I would add to it is the ability to record 1080i and 720p footage in high resolution.  However, it can be used as an add-on to the original HP product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an inexpensive DVD recorder.  I use it in conjunction with an HD recorder to capture my home movies.  The recording is smooth and clear and the sound is very nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is really nice and the remote works great.  The remote is very easy to use and works as advertised.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little radio.  It has all the features and functions you could possibly want.  You can select your music from your iPod or CD player and then just press play and it will play your selected music.  I like it so much I had to buy one for my wife.  The only negative I have is that they are a bit louder than I'd like.  But it's a great radio 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my iPod Mini.  It has a nice grip and the sound is good.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for all my digital devices, and the sound is incredible!  I like the fact that it can play all my MP3s in one piece.  I would not hesitate to buy another one if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this soundcard. It has a very clear, crisp, clear sound and it is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works great.  Just as described.  I use the sound for my ipod and my mp3 player and the product does the job!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  We purchased one for our 2 kids and they both love it!  You can plug them in and they can watch movies, listen to music, and do lots of other cool things with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality for the price! Great price and shipping was fast!  Great product, great price and great service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great product for the money!  The card itself is very nice.  It is small, compact, and easy to use.  I am very pleased with it!  It can handle my needs without any major problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great. They fit the shape of my head and are comfortable. I would definitely buy them again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to get a small portable CD player that could be taken with me on the beach. I liked the sound and the picture.  The only drawback is the size.  I will buy it again when I need another player.  If you need a compact player, I would suggest this one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod is a great deal for the money.  It fits perfectly, is small, and doesn't take up a lot of space.  You can also play music through the iPod's built in speakers with the iPod Media Player.  The sound is also very clear and clear.  My only complaint is that the battery life is a little short.  I bought the 32GB version and it lasted about three hours before I needed to recharge.  If you like having a longer battery life, you can buy the 64GB version of the iPod, which will give you a much longer battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well and I was not disappointed!  I used it to record a DVD in my new Panasonic DVD player and I am very happy with the result 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to make my home studio more productive and the i-Fi 5.0 did just that.  It is an inexpensive product, but it is very well-built, easy to use and has all the functions of my previous i-fi's, plus I can't be without the remote control for when I'm in the studio recording.  I am very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product about a month ago. I had to order online and it was shipped promptly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. Great price for a decent product.  I have had trouble with the first couple of times installing it, but it's not a problem with the product or the installation.  Just a question about the instructions.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a CD player that would have a few more functions than my Sony.  I'm very happy with the results.  The player was well worth the money.  Great sound, easy setup, and very convenient to use.  Very pleased with the player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I have a Sony DVD player and I wanted to have an optical disc player in my home.  The sound is excellent and the CD player can hold my CD, DVD, and Blu-ray disc player without too much interference.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent and I would definitely buy another one for the same price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a card to transfer my photos from my digital camera to my desktop.  This card was the perfect fit.  I use a small photo printer and the card has a low profile that fits perfectly.  If I need to print something that is bigger than what I have, I can just use the card to copy the original photo onto the printer and transfer it to the desktop.I have also been very pleased with the quality of the card.  It has a small amount of dust and scratch protection, but it also has an anti-glare coating that protects your desktop from being smudged.  The only negative review I have about this card is that I could not get it to print properly with a larger ink cartridge.  After printing a lot of photos, I had to replace the cartridge because it just seemed to run out of ink quickly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it on my Mac Pro and it worked great. I would recomend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this card because I wanted to get my pictures and video files to my laptop.  I am very pleased with it.  The card is small and very light, and it works perfectly.  It is not expensive and it does the job! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy for my wife and me.  It's a nice portable scanner that is very easy to use.  The scan rate is very low and has no interference.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound from this speakers.  I was not expecting much at all, but I was wrong! I do not know what the problem is with this speakers, but they are definitely great!  I would recommend them for anyone who is looking for a great pair of speakers for their home. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using this mouse for almost a year now and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a more comfortable mouse but does not have an ergonomic design. The mouse is very stable and very comfortable.  I find the click is very effective and the mouse buttons are very comfortable to use. The shape is not quite as wide as I would like and it is a little heavy.  But it does offer a good grip and the buttons are a little stiff.  The mouse pad is well made and holds the mouse nicely 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I needed a smaller antenna for my desktop PC and this is it. It is a little bit cumbersome to setup but not a deal breaker. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well made.  You do have to adjust the volume of the radio to make sure that it's not too loud.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice product.  I'm using it for my iPod.  The iPod fits perfectly, the headphones are a little less comfortable than I expected (they fit my ears like a sock) but the sound is nice.  A little expensive but worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised and is a nice product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very sturdy case.  I was a little worried it would scratch my laptop, but it hasn't.  Very happy with the case! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit was very well packaged and easy to use. It's very well made.  The sound is very clear.  I would recommend this product for anyone who needs to record video without the need to use their laptop/computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy.  I got it in two days, no problem.  The sound quality is great.  Very happy with this purchase.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great buy. I needed an SD card to record my daughter's soccer games and it fit perfectly. I've used it a few times and it works like a charm. I will buy this again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a HP Pavilion and a Dell HP 15-2031R and a Toshiba QX9200.  They both have very fast and very good sound.  I use the HP Pavilion for my home studio and the HP 15 for my business.  HP Pavilion has excellent sound. I was a little hesitant when I first started buying the HP products because of the sound quality.  However, after many hours with both units, I am very pleased with the sound, particularly with the HP15.  The HP 15 has a nice, warm sound, while the HPQX920 has a little less bass.  Both have great picture and sound quality and they are very easy to use.  Overall, the HP units have a very high quality sound and are well worth the price.  If you don't mind the price, buy the HP series and you will be glad you did 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the DVD drive in my Canon A5000 for my DVD collection.  It is easy to use and very reliable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these speakers and I am very pleased with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is exactly what I was looking for, and for a good price!  The sound is a little weak, but for the price it is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new printer to replace an old printer. I liked the look and ease of printing, so I bought this.  The color and print size are excellent, the printer is very sturdy and the print quality is excellent.  It would be nice if the color ink were a little cheaper, but this is a great printer.  I wish it had a little more memory, but the ink cartridge is easy to use and I have not had any problems with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! The price is a little pricey but its worth every penny.  You can't beat the sound quality and the sound is clear and clear.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only negative review I have is that the sound quality isn't as loud as the product page says. It has a lower output than I expected (although it has a high output with the same amplifier). But it is certainly louder than I would have expected, especially considering the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned an iPod Classic for several years and wanted a new one.  The Sony D-C3 is a great deal.  It's smaller than the previous iPod (which was the original) and has better sound.  My only gripe is that the case that comes with it is plastic.  I wish that the Sony would make the case plastic, instead of the cheap plastic that comes as an option.  Overall a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has the right features and does the job as expected. I used a wireless connection with an old wireless card and still got great results. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an inexpensive MP3 player for my wife to use on her ipod.  It was a little slow at first, but has gotten much better with age.  You can record and play music right away, and the player has an extra-thick rubber coating on the front that makes the player less prone to scratching.  The player is also small and lightweight, which makes it easy to use with your iPod 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is excellent.  If you want the sound to be louder than the TV speakers, the speakers are quite small, but still adequate to get the sound.  The cable that connects the speakers to the TV is a little too long, but it is a very easy fix 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  It's compact enough for my laptop, and the price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as described. I bought this card because I like the convenience of having my old CRT monitors hooked up to my home theater system.  I would like to see an easier way to hook up my new TV with my old monitors.  This card has helped out a lot.  The price was right and the service was great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have not found any better than this for my 5-meg signal. I have an HP Elite A8, so I wanted the same as my wife's. It has a very nice sound, has a long shelf life, and is very easy to install. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product! I use it with my Panasonic DVD player, but it is also great for my Panasonic digital camera. It is very small and light and works great! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is very small and very lightweight.  I was skeptical because of the small size but this thing is really well built.  It has a nice feel to hold and has plenty of buttons.  The only negative about it is that it is very noisy in the beginning.  But it gets better the longer you use it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card works perfectly for my needs.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I needed a portable bluetooth card to keep on my desk.  It has all I needed.  This card is easy to use and works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great.  It is nice to have all the controls you need, and it is very small!  The only thing I don't like is that you can't do a manual override from the remote (which is what I use most often) 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used a Sony DVR and I loved it.  This is similar to the Sony and it has all the features I needed.  It is a little heavy, but that is my preference 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great.  I love the sound.  They do a great job for the price.  You will not find better headphones for the money.  Great sound for a pair of headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it had the capability to play mp3s, but wanted the ability to play music. I needed a portable mp3 player and it was a great choice. It is well built and well made. It has a large screen which makes it very easy to use. It also comes with a great price. I was also pleased to see that it is water resistant and comes with an extra battery that is worth the money. I am very happy with this mp3 Player and would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly as expected and as I expected. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product!  It's compact and easy to use.  If you need a hard drive that's larger than your regular drive, this is the right choice.  Very easy to mount and use! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product.  The picture is great and I love the sound.  We use it all day and it lasts us over a month before we need to change the batteries 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item a few months back and it was very well worth the money.  The item is well worth it.  I would recommed this product again.  It's easy to install and use.  And the sound is amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product.  I like that I can keep it charged and have it at my desk and in my bag, without having to open the case, take it out and plug it in.  It can be charged and is ready to go in just a few minutes 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product, and worth the price.  It is not too large for a small monitor, and the picture is good.  The only thing that I don't like is the lack of a CD reader, but you get what you pay for 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an inexpensive DVD player that could play my movies on my Mac. I bought this one to replace my Sony DVD player.  The product is well made and works well.  It has a small footprint compared to the Sony player, but it is a much better deal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm. Great product, not as bulky as some of the other ones I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this with my Fujitsu R-7x20 and it's great! The product has been well received by the guys at Fujitsu and they told me that they would send me another product just for the same model, so I bought that as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers as a replacement for the ones that were discontinued.  I love the sound and I'm so glad I got a replacement, because my last speakers were not as good as they were.  The speakers sound great and the price was right.  These speakers have really helped me with my car stereo because they are so easy to set up and use.  A few small complaints I have is that the bottom speaker does not stay in the center.  So if I'm driving to work or back I have to tilt them up a bit.  But for most people it's not a big deal.  Overall I am happy with the purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well and is worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to use with my iPod and it's great.  No problems with it so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this item because the CD player in my house was out of commission for several weeks.  I had to wait for it to work again and was thrilled with the result 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are great.  I bought them on sale and needed a pair of earbuds for my daughter's birthday party.  They worked great.I also purchased the cord that came with them.  The cord is nice and soft, but you need to wrap it around your ear and not your head.  It has a slight curve and doesn't fit the best, but it's great for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using the HP DL-150 in my work station.  It is the most stable printer I've ever used, and the pictures are great.  I just wish the speed would have been faster 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works great, no problems, looks great!  I would buy another one just to keep it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for something to put my ipod in that has a nice little microphone.  I've tried the big ones from Amazon, but they don't fit.  The mic I purchased here was perfect!  It has a little rubber clip that goes around the outside of the ipod, and it comes with a little carrying case.  It is small, but it is a perfect fit for the ipods I have.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers have a very nice sound. I have them hooked up on my car stereo and they sound very nice. The speakers themselves were very well packed and easy to install. I would not buy them for the car, but they are worth the money for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price.  It's very easy to use, but there is some minor software glitches.  You have to set the IP address manually.  But overall it's a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones fit well, and are well worth the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great! I needed a new printer that would be compatible with a PC printer (at least one that could handle my HP LaserJet printer) so I could have the printer on the road and print a bunch of documents and scans in the car. I ordered it and was surprised to find that it had only 1 print tray, so I needed to buy 2 more printers just to print on the 1 tray.  So if you need a printer to print a lot of documents, this is great!  The only problem is that it has a relatively small print surface (2.5 x 3.5 inches). I would recommend printing on the back side of the print area as it is less prone to printing out if you accidentally put a heavy print paper on the front side. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm happy with this item. It fits well, has all of the features I needed for my camera, and is very comfortable to use.  The only complaint I have is that I can't get the battery to last longer than a week, but I can use it until the battery expires anyway 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, easy to use, works great, nice touch screen, great sound, easy installation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this antenna on my car and it is very solid and easy to put up and use. I will recommend this antenna to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this as an upgrade from a cheap mp3 player.  Works perfectly.  It's a little heavier than the previous player. But not much, really.  I'd give it a 5 if it were possible 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this to record my wife's birthday.  I love the sound.  The only negative review I have is that the sound was slightly distorted.  However, the sound quality is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The mouse was great and the speed is a little slow for my taste but it is very usable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these to charge my phone.  I've had no problems.  They work fine and the battery lasts a long time.  It's the right size for my needs and the price is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy way to transfer files to your TV.  I have both a Roku, and a Sony Playstation 3.  This product was a no brainer.  Great sound, and easy to use.  It was just as easy to transfer as the Roku.  Just plug in and start playing.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product! It works great and the price was right.  I bought two to cover my home theater and my car.  You can tell the difference between a good one and a bad one! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. It's nice to be able to turn on your TV while driving, not to mention the ease of installation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to make my laptop faster. I had a problem with my previous memory card, but they work fine now. I am very happy with these and will be buying from Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  You can't beat the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works perfectly with my Toshiba XM01B DVD player.  Great price too!  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound system. I have had it for 2 weeks now and it has been great.  The CD player itself is nice, not too loud, but still a great buy.  I just wish it came with an MP3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound card I have ever owned. I use it for my Sony Walkman, CD player, and iPod.  It is very easy to install, has a great sound, and the software is great!  I recommend this product to anyone who has a Sony system and is looking for a good sound card.  I use my Sony MDR-V6 for my home theater, and this card was a huge upgrade! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my needs, the product works perfectly and the price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very handy, and it's the best product I've used so far.  It works great, no problems.  I was able to get 8 hours of use from one battery, and my laptop is now able to last up to 10 hours before needing to charge again.  The only problem I had was that it wouldn't stay in charge, it would get warm.  We got it back and it worked perfectly, no problem.  Overall great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  The sound is excellent.  I would definately recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a good buy for your system.  The picture and sound is good.  I use this with my Dell laptop and am pleased with the results.  There are two things I don't like.  First, the battery life is a bit too short.  You need to use the DVD burner in order to get some battery life 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, not only for my phone but also for my computer.  It's easy to use and does the job.  I've used it a lot over the past few months and have found it to be reliable.  The only thing I don't like is the size of the case.  If you are on the smaller side (like me) it's a bit tight, but that's okay 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second time I've used this antenna.  I've been using an unopened copy of an iPod Mini from an electronics store.  The antenna has performed very well and has held my iPod Mini signal quite well.  It is definitely the best antenna I've ever used!  I like that it has a built in antenna connector that can be mounted anywhere, and that it is adjustable, making it easier to mount and use.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had it for a while now and I like it. I had to order it because it is out of stock.  I love the price and the performance. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this card. I am on a Dell Inspiron laptop and use to plug in my iPod to this card to play music.  It plays great!  If you need a smaller card that you can use in your case, this one is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. It's easy to use and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse because my wife wanted a faster mouse. I have no problem with the mouse.  It is a great mouse. The buttons are responsive, the mouse moves a little bit and has a little tilt to it.  If you are looking for a mouse with a more mouse-like feel, I would recommend the Logitech G932.  The mouse itself is a little bigger, but the buttons are easier to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones work well, but they do have a bit of a reputation for being loud. I've always been a fan of earbuds. I thought these would be a little louder, but I can tell they're not!  The sound is very clear, and I can hear the volume.  I'd give them a five star review if I could, but the price is a little too steep.  You could get a pair of Beats by Dr. Dre earphones for $20 or even a pair for $40.  They're very nice, but if you're looking for something a little more solid, I'd suggest getting Beats by Dre earbud earphones or something from the Dr. Droga line 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a little disappointed in the battery, it is not as powerful as I expected.  The camera is sturdy and well made.  You can take some nice photos with this, but if you are shooting video or anything heavy, you will need to upgrade to the 2.0 version 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to install. I've had it for about a week now and it works like a charm.  I can't imagine it's too small or bulky to fit in the box.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and she loves it.  The sound is great and it's very easy to use and use.  It also came with the correct case to protect the speakers, although I didn't use it because I needed something to protect them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price! I've had it for a few months now and I am very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy way to take a lot of photos and get a lot more than I could ever use with my Canon MP-E 70. The lens is clear and crisp, the lens cap stays securely in place, the shutter is easy to operate, and it has a small footprint.  This would be an excellent choice for anyone who wants to take photos without the hassle of changing lenses or carrying around multiple lenses 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an A+ and I got this product.  It is just as advertised.  The only negative review I have is that there are only two connectors to plug it into.  But you can get three.  I like the fact that I can use this with my Canon 70D and the Canon 60D 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very well made and fits perfectly with my Dell laptop.  The software works well and is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, if you have the money for it.  I bought this to use on my HP workstation and it works great.  It fits great, the sound is great and the picture looks amazing.  If you don't have money for this product, go get the HP printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for a reasonable price.  It works perfectly!  Just one note, don't put your headphones in when it's cold or hot.  I got it and they stayed nice and cool! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this card for my iPod and it works like a charm!  It's small enough to be discreet and convenient for me.  The only thing that I would give a better rating is the case.  I had one of those plastic cases and it made it harder to put in and out of the iPod.  For some reason, I have had trouble with this case so far.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my kids to use on their iPod. They are very sturdy and do the job. They do not get the scratches and dings that other iPod's do. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has worked just as advertised.  I have not tested the memory capacity yet, but it is large enough for my needs. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It has an optical sound output, but it's easy to use. The product was as advertised.  I did not have any trouble with it.  It has a nice design and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent case. I've had two cases in the last couple years and this is by far the best.  The case has a few scratches and marks but it's nothing that will ever damage your camera.  I would buy it again if I could afford one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent. I use the DVD player in my bedroom and it's a great deal better than my old player that came with the same software. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a small man (5'8"), and this is the best antenna for my car.  Great price, great signal strength, easy to install and use.  I recommend this antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great for my iPod.  The only problem I have with it is it is a little bit more cumbersome to use than the other products that I have purchased.  I also don't have the option to hook up the iPod directly to my computer, but it is still usable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my husband who works out of the house and is a very avid video player. The cable is very well constructed and does the job it is supposed to. I would recommend this product to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the product.  It is easy to install, works great, looks great and does exactly what I needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It has the features you need without the bulk.  The picture is very sharp and the sound is nice.  I have not experienced any problems with it.  Its easy to use, has an easy on and off switch, is very small, and has no noise.  Highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  Can't beat the price!  Works like a charm!  Great sound!  Don't let the price fool you.  It is one of the best sounding speakers on the market 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product,  especially for the price.  It is nice to have an iPod, but if you need to take advantage of all the features that come with it, you have to use a second player with it.  The CD player works great with the iPod and the MP3 player works even better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this mouse pad for my work laptop and am very pleased with it.  I would not have bought it without it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Easy to use and works as advertised.  I'm using it on my HDTV and it is rock solid and works like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great, very comfortable and it works very well.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this card to record my music. I love it. It has worked perfectly and it looks cool. It also has all the features that I needed including a memory card slot. I would recommend this card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so impressed with this product, that I bought a second.  My only complaint is that the antenna is slightly bigger than the original.  Other than that, I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a user of this product and it has worked for me.  I do have some suggestions for improvement 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a nice addition to my HTPC.  The only problem I had with it was that I needed to remove it from the case to get to the memory card.  It would be a huge help if you had to remove the case as well.  I will buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is great.  It is lightweight and compact.  I like the way the memory is organized and the way it attaches.  The only negative is that it does not protect the card well.  We will be buying a case with a thicker piece to protect it, as there was a little bend in the card when we used the card in the case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds sound great and they're comfortable to wear 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best I've used for my Canon 5D. I haven't had any problems yet. It works perfectly.  The pictures are very nice and the sound is much better than I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great, but you need to use them with a PC 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a nice upgrade to the one I bought at the local electronics store.  I love it, the sound is great and the battery is a great deal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this because my iPod Mini is now too big and i need a smaller size.  The product was as advertised.  It is a little heavy, but that is a good thing.  You can hear a difference.  My only complaint is the battery life.  I am a heavy electronic device user and my iPod lasts a little less than half a hour 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a smaller player with an LCD and a built-in CD player.  I was pleasantly surprised at how small and portable this player was.  It is also a very nice looking player with a black background and a nice little player knob.  The player is also fairly quiet and not too heavy, and has a small rubberized "firmware" cover that helps with the volume up and down.  Overall I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice looking mouse for my son who has a big screen. I would not buy another mouse without it, I do not use it for gaming, and its has not left me out of the house! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my laptop. It works perfectly. It is sturdy and easy to hold. The only complaint is that I cannot find the remote for the battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works.  It has a little bit of a delay but that is to be expected.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great!  I needed something that could be used as a wireless mouse, and it worked great! I like the weight, and the buttons are a little bigger than I expected.  It is easy to use, and has a good price.  I have it connected to my MacBook, and I haven't had any problems.  You can't go wrong with this item! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had an S7, and while it worked well, it had one problem.  The earpiece was not able to receive calls while the car was moving.  That is no longer a problem with the M10, which I purchased.  It is a very sturdy earpiece and is easy to use and use comfortably.  However, the earpiece does not get the same kind of vibration from a moving vehicle.  If you don't mind that, then this is a great piece of equipment 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this router and am very happy with it. I have used it at home and at work and it has performed very well.  I would definately recomend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best wireless card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a little pricey but it is a nice electronic device.  We use it to connect a digital device to the car stereo system in the back.  I like the idea of having a car stereo that is wireless and that you can control with your car.  It is very easy to use and the speakers sound good.  For the price it is nice to have a little car stereo, that can be controlled with your hands.  Also, it is quite a breeze to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works fine. I have 2 TVs with HDMI, and I bought this product to use with them to have my DVDs and Blu-rays all play at the same speed.  It works.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy.  I am a videographer and this is a real step up from my previous product.  You get all the features of my old product, and more.  It works very well with my Panasonic C300 camcorder, but I will be switching to the Sony MDR-750A for my next project 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I have a very small house and could never find a DVD player to fit my room. I found the Panasonic DVD player at Amazon and I couldn't be happier. It's super quiet and the picture is clear and crisp. I will buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well.  You can plug in any of your headphones without having to worry about them getting damaged or broken.  I recommend it for anyone who has headphones with no cord at all.  It fits well, holds my headphones nicely, and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  I was not sure what I was getting when I first bought it, so I just got it and have not had a problem yet.  The price was great for the amount of memory I needed and the sound quality is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great upgrade from my previous printer.  It works great, prints great, no jams, no problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  I have used it on a PC for two years and the product itself is great.  The thing has held up to all my usage and is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well and is nice to have around.  Great product and well worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my girlfriend and it is great! She has trouble finding the buttons on the remote for her laptop, and this remote does the trick!  It is small and light and works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am happy with this item. I purchased it because my wife wanted to get rid of her old Sony stereo which was a $200 item and now it is an $80 one. This product is great and it works like a charm. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was surprised at how easy it was to connect my iPod to this product.  It is small, very easy to use and easy to hook up.  I also found that the product was very robust and well made.  Very happy with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device for anyone who has trouble keeping the original cd's in the case.  The main reason I bought this case is to hold my old cd's, because they do not have any place to stick to the bottom.  I use mine to hold both my CDs and DVDs.  It is a little tight, but not bad for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife's new MacBook Air and she loves it!  It works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great!  The product is small, but does the job.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a very happy with this product. It is so much better than the original i9500. The sound is great and it is light and comfortable to carry.  I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great electronic device, however, I had to exchange my first one for a different one. The first one had a faulty cartridge and needed to be replaced, this is a very inexpensive product that I wouldn't hesitate to buy again.  It works well and is very easy to use.  I was impressed with the price and the fact that I could return it for a new one.  The price was right and I would buy another one in a heartbeat 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best one I've found for my Canon EOS M5. I like the way it looks, works well and is easy to install.  I like it so much I am willing to pay for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! Works like a charm. I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very easy to assemble. I have a Dell PowerEdge 2400 and it is great.  But this is great for the price and looks great!  The only drawback is the cable that comes with it is a little short 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a Sony PDA for a while now, and have never been satisfied with it.  I like the fact that the batteries last a lot longer than normal.  The only problem I've ever had with it was the battery dying on me.  Don't let this get you down!  The sound is great.  It's not loud enough to bother anyone, but is still a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am new to a HP Deskjet printer.  I was so happy I bought two.  The first one is a little bit small, but works very well.  This printer is very well made and durable.  It is small enough that I can use it to print small documents without taking the paper off the page.  If you print a lot of documents, or use a lot on a busy office desk, this printer is a great choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well with my MacBook Air.  I also use this product with a HP printer and am happy with its performance 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds are very comfortable.  The volume is not quite right for me, but the sound is clear and clear.  They fit my ears and stay in place.  I love these earbud.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my 2x1 drive and it's a great buy!  I can transfer from my MacBook to my HP Touchpad which is just a little smaller than the size of my Macbook, but still works.  I like the fact that I can see the whole thing and it does fit in the palm of my hand, which is a plus when you need to transfer a lot of files.  It's compact and portable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great price for a nice case for the iPad. I was able to use my iPad in the car and it looks great. I have it on the back of the seat and the strap is secured to the back with the velcro. It fits the iPad like a glove.  The only negative review I would have is that the case is slightly more cumbersome to carry around the car compared to the other ones that I've had. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these for my wife and daughter to have a nice little sound system, especially with their kids playing on the same TV.  They work fine, and the sound is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great sound for the money. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound card I've had. I have the HP Pavilion and I am very happy with this card.  The sound is very clear and the sound is more than I expected.  I like the ability to hook up my computer via USB, and I really appreciate the ability of this card to connect to my sound card directly via the USB connector.  You will not be disappointed with this product, it is excellent! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, looks great, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the LG-X710 and now have both, and they both work fine.  I like that the TV is easy to set up, works well with the included IR remote and has all the features I would like.  The only thing I would say is that it is slightly heavier than my other TV, but that is a minor complaint.  This TV is very solid and sturdy and it looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  A little smaller than the Sony product but I really love the product.  It's nice and lightweight and the sound is very clear and crisp. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best printer I've ever used.  You get great results, and they're light enough to move around, so you can print more photos than you usually would.  It's easy to use, too.  I've had it for a week and it's still holding up.  The ink is great, and it writes nicely 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price was a bit high, but I liked the sound.  It is also easy to use, easy to connect to my car, and the price was right!  I will probably buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, works well, easy to use.  Very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these headphones because I needed a pair with good sound and the cheapest option.  The sound is excellent!  They have a pretty comfortable fit with a very small ear cup.  I would definitely buy them again for sure.  They do have a slight bounce to them, however.  Overall I would say these headphones are a great buy! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a compact mp3 player, not sure why anyone would be disappointed by the lack of an optical drive. The player is nice, the optical drive works well and has room for your CD's.  I use this player to record all my mp3's, but also use it to play mp3s in my PC.  Very nice product and excellent price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  It is the best wireless device I have used so far.  I had an issue with my laptop's antenna which is not included in the package.  The problem was resolved by purchasing a replacement from Amazon.  This is the only wireless device on the market which supports up to 8 simultaneous users.  If you want a better wireless device, buy the one from Amazon and get a better antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's easy to hook up your camera. I have an 18-40 that works fine, and it's an instant upgrade to my 19-40 for video. It has a nice look, easy to use, and is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, the only thing I would note is that the manual is not as easy to understand as it could be.  You have to have it open and close before you can start listening to the music 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these to run two TV's at once.  I was very impressed with the performance and looks, however the cables are a bit bulky 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well and is very easy to use.  The antenna itself is very sturdy and will not get lost if you drop it or move around.  It is a little expensive for the price, but you can get more antennas for the same money elsewhere 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card in hopes of getting better reception on my new home stereo. I am so glad I did, it really works! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an HP Pavilion with a very small monitor, and I wanted a smaller screen with a better picture.  I also wanted a portable keyboard that could be used while I am driving.  The HP Envoy is the perfect solution!  It is compact enough to be used in the car, yet has the keys and mouse of a larger keyboard, which is nice.  It comes with a small case that is nice and has an easy grip, and it is very sturdy.  You can't beat the price for this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a wireless card to connect my iPod to a network that I already owned, and I found this card at a good price at Amazon.com 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great sound. Easy installation, quick shipping. Great product for the price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and has an advantage of not having to plug in all the cables.  Very easy to use.  Will not make your TV look bad.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  Great price and shipping! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this product in December and it is absolutely perfect for my family and I.  The sound quality is amazing and it looks very cool and classy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used this product a few times to replace my previous Sony DMD-V720. The picture is better and the sound is better. I am very happy with the purchase and would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works as advertised.  The picture is a little blurry, but I would not mind if that were the case.  It is not at all bulky or cumbersome.  You can easily remove it from your laptop if you need to use it while it is in your lap or when sitting down 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as my first electronic device, and am very happy with it. I use it on my desktop PC and have not experienced any interference or problems.  The software that comes with it works well, but is a little cumbersome.  It is easy to use and doesn't require any fiddling with the settings, but the setup is a bit more involved than I would like 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've got a lot of computers and it's time to move to another one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, excellent sound.  I bought this just to be able to hook up my DVD player, and it was a great buy!  You can hook it up to your stereo, CD player, iPod, and anything with a USB port, and sound comes through great!  The price was very good and the sound was excellent!  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for my family and it has helped us keep up with our TV.  I have used this product a couple of times and it is definitely worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I am an amateur radio operator and use the radio on the plane every day.  The radio is a good radio.  It is very sturdy and easy to use.  Great price, good sound, great price.  Don't get this cheap knock off radios - this is an excellent radio! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works very well.  It is very easy to set up and works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product to use my iPod's player and it works. It is much better than any other player I've had and it has a good quality sound. I have the player on every day and use it every day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It works great and the price was very reasonable.  You can't beat the price for this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this TV to replace my older one and have had a blast with it. The picture is a little on the dim side and the sound is fine.  It's a great buy for the price.  Don't forget the extra software that comes with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little MP3 player.  The sound is better than my old player. I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is an absolute steal. I have a 10TB hard drive (I got this card with the 2gb capacity option) and it will hold my media of choice. I used to use the Seagate 2GB drive that I had to buy from Amazon and that card was pretty slow.The Seagate card in this case will hold about half the speed.This card is a steal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome. I use it daily for my PC's.  The only problem I have is that I use the same card as my laptop, so if I lose power it will go into sleep mode and my laptop will not boot.  I've contacted the manufacturer and they have agreed to send a replacement card.  Great product, great price, great service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the product and have no problems with the antenna.  The remote control is a plus 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and it was exactly what I expected.  It worked great.  The only thing I would suggest is a bigger cable to be able to run it to your PC.  I am a small child and had no problems running this cable with the standard size.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item to use with my Samsung DVD player and it is PERFECT! I can see my DVD player in the center of my TV screen and it stays on the same spot! I also like the ability to use my DVD as a remote with my TV (it's a little small for the TV). The picture quality is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product and works well with the Dell Latitude.  It's a little smaller than I expected, but that's okay because you can hide it if you need to.  The only complaint I have is that it doesn't fit into the Dell laptop's compartment, but it's not a big deal since you can fold it in.  If you want to save some space, go for the Dell Laptop Adapter for Wireless (not for the Wireless-PC). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well, it is the best i've seen out of any product on the market.  It is small enough to carry around the house and use it whenever you need it.  You will be glad you bought this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the product.  It is a great price.  I had to wait until I got my product. it worked like a charm.  A little less than the price but worth it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a printer and the HP Stream Pro could not hold up to the pressure. So I needed something that could do that. This is it.  I use it for my daily work and am pleased with the performance 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well made, the product is sturdy and has a great sound.  I like the stereo for the price.  If I could afford to buy a better player I would.  For my needs it is a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well and is easy to use. Great price too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I bought the product for my daughter, and it's great for her.  My wife doesn't like to use it much because it is so small and it is easy to lose it in the bag.  But the product is worth the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a case to protect my Dell Inspiron 1540 and iHate it! but the HP has it, and it is a great case. i'm going to buy another case for my HP because this is the best 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, very small but works well!  I like this product and have not had any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a few computers before this one, and I liked them.  But the Dell PDA's had the same problems with viruses.  I was worried that I would lose my files and have to spend time on the computer again.  It was easy to install and works well.  Just make sure the power button is off before starting.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, very well built. great sound. easy to use, works very well.  Great price too! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well.  The price was very attractive and the product was delivered quickly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as expected.  It comes with a small case which can protect the camera and the case has a small cutout to hold the power cable.  You can also use the case to protect the battery.  The only thing I would change is the cable length.  I use the shortest version of the cable and the battery is so small I can't even find the battery holder.  If you use the longer cable, then you will need to invest in a case for your battery.I like the look and feel of this product.  There is a small price difference between the product and the one at Amazon which is for the same product but a slightly less expensive.  However, I can see the difference in the picture and sound quality.  This product is also much cheaper than the one in Amazon which had a much larger case with two different sizes.  Overall, I would buy Amazon products again.  Amazon is a good place to buy from for items I need and the shipping was fast 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works great and it is easy to use.  I have it on my laptop and have not had any problems with it.  If you do have any problem, it is not a hardware problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was perfect for my first camera.  Great picture and great sound.  It's a little more expensive than I expected, but worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and works well!  You can't beat the price of this item!  I was having a tough time figuring out how to mount it to my desktop.  I'm using it on a desktop which is mounted flat.  There is no problem attaching it.  It's easy to put on and it just snaps in place.  Don't let the price fool you!  Buy it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item because I needed something to protect my MacBook and it was the cheapest thing on Amazon.  The unit works as advertised.  It does what I needed.  I recommend it highly.  If you have a MacBook, I would definately suggest this item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a very sturdy product and has all the features I needed.  Great for travel or for storing on the desk.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the original Sennheiser HD 800 for a year and a half now.  I use it for all my recording needs.  It is very easy to use and gives you a lot of sound for the money.  The headphones themselves do not feel like the original ones, but are definitely more comfortable.  They are great to have and do not take up too much room in your pocket.  You will definitely need to buy a pair if you want to use them regularly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an iPod with better sound and I didn't want to spend an extra $200.00 on an iPod Classic.  This one was very easy to use, great sound and was very small.  The only negative I have about it is that the battery life is short, but it's not that big a deal.  I use mine on plane and I get almost 2-3 hours.  It would be nice if there was an option for a power saver mode, like an MP3 player does.  But the power is only 5 watts.  If I use my iPod like I would my MP3, the battery will last for about 2 hours 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has worked just fine with my home studio for several years.  I use it for my Sony C-series, Sony XBR-6500, and Sony U6500.  The card is very lightweight and looks nice, so I'm very pleased with the purchase!  The only downside is that it is small and the sound quality is not as good as what I would expect for a card of this price.  But with the Sony product you can get a great sound quality and also it has a built in mic. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these and they work like a charm.  Great sound, great price.  I will not ever buy another electronic device again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works like a charm. The sound is clear and the picture is very sharp and clear. I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price.  I would definately buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable works very well.  I have had great success with this cable.  It is very comfortable, the length works well, and the picture is great.  The only complaint I have is that the plug for the cord that is included is too short.  If you want to use it, be sure to get one with the length that you want.  You'll have to get an extension cord 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and performance.  Works like a charm!  I can't find a better price than Amazon.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these because my previous one (Acer) wouldn't fit my new laptop and I needed another. The sound quality is excellent, and the price was right! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product.  It has all the features I was looking for, and is much cheaper than competing products.  I've been using it all year with no problems.  For the money, this is a great product.I wish the price was better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these speakers in late January and they sound great. They are easy to install, and sound great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is awesome. It has an easy interface, works perfectly.  The only thing I would like to see is a slightly larger battery, since I don't like to carry around my camera, and the camera is a little heavy.  If you don't mind carrying around a little more weight, I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this cable to connect my iPod to my Sony DVC-V3.  It is perfect for the price.  I use the cable constantly and have not had any problems with the connection.  My iPod is very loud, and this is a great upgrade.  If you have the same problem with other iPod products, I recommend purchasing the iPod Cable from Sony, as it is a much more cost effective option.  You can also connect the iPod directly to the stereo with a power supply (a different kind of cable) and use the same iPod cable to the left and right speakers on the stereo, as opposed to using an external speaker with a different power supply.  The iPod Cable is much easier to use than the Sony Power Cable, and the volume is excellent.  A plus is that you can get an extra pair of cables for your iPod if you have more than one, so you don't have to worry about running out of the first pair and have to return one of the second pair 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the unit for over a year now.  This is a great product, has worked out better than expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little apprehensive to get this because the other ones I had (Dell laptop, HP printer) worked out great. I tried it out and was happy.  It worked exactly as expected.  No complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and it works well. It's small, compact, and easy to use. The case is a little bulky, but it does fit well.The only thing that I wish was different was that you could just flip the case around and put it over the speaker instead of using the cord. The speaker is so much louder that the cord would be obstructed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is great.  Very easy to use, looks great, makes the sound great.I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is excellent.  I like the small size and the cable is great.  The only thing that I would have liked more was the sound to it.  If the sound was better I would buy this product.  It does what it says it does and is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was great, but the instructions to use the remote were a little confusing.  I got a hold of the tech support department at Amazon and he explained everything.  He had me print out a copy of the manual and I used it to learn how to use it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this printer a few months ago and was not disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product. I love the sound and the price is great. The only negative I would have to say is that the manual is not in English 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a DVD player that would also work as an MP3 player and also had a DVD changer built in. It's well made, looks great and is very easy to use.  I would recommend this for anyone who needs a DVD and MP3 Player with an iPod dock (not included) that will be able to hook up to a TV. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this and received it in less than two days.  It is an excellent product, it has great sound, very easy to use.  I have a small car and use it constantly in the garage, home office, and at the beach.   I would recommend it to anyone.  The price was right, shipping was free and the delivery was on time.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The cable is nice and thick. The sound quality is great, it's nice and easy to use. I wish there was an option for a different size/color.  The only thing that I'm disappointed in is the lack of a built in microphone, which is a must if you're using it on a home stereo system.  I'm still happy with it, though, because the sound quality and overall sound is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the product. I have an HP printer and am always looking for a way to save ink and paper. The ink does not bleed when you have to print and I have no worries about running out of ink. The color is great, the paper is easy to handle and the scanner is very easy to operate. The scanner is well made and looks very nice. The only thing that I would have to say is that I wish that they offered a version of the scanner with a printer cartridge. I can't get mine to work with cartridges, so I will have to keep it separate 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice little item, and it comes with the option of having a battery to replace a dead battery, which is a great option for people that use a lot of batteries on their computers.  The only complaint I have is that the battery only lasts for about a month before it needs to be replaced.  I bought the item because I needed a portable power adapter, which I will use on all my home computers. It's a great item! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife who is a photographer.  It is very small and has all the features that I need.  The only thing I do not like is that the battery does not last as long as the rest.  I usually use my camera for about 6-8 hours and it last for about 1/2 hour.  If I use the camera for an extra hour or two it will last the rest of the day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised. The only thing I would suggest is to get a different power supply for the battery, or at least get one that will give you more power when you are working on the laptop, or when you run out of battery, and it will last longer.  The power supply is a tad heavy and it takes a while to charge the battery.  But this is not a big deal for an inexpensive battery.It's just an inconvenience for you to change the power supply every time you run low on battery 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect.  No problems with it.  It works well.  The only negative thing is that it has a high resolution.  You would think that an HD DVD player would have more resolution 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this cable to hook up my Sony Playstation2.  It has a great price.  I like the fact that it has an extra connector so that you can get a longer cable if you need to hook your PS2 up to another cable, like a PlayStation3.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a huge improvement over my previous card, and has worked well for me.  It's definitely better than the other brands I have used, but it is still slightly more expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony DVD player, and I love the sound. But the CD player is getting on the edge of a bit of a slow response. I just wanted something that would give me the same volume range that the CD can. The SRC-400 is exactly what I needed. I can't believe how much difference it makes in volume. It makes my player sound like a mini-CD player, which is great! It also makes my DVD player sound a little louder and crisper than the CD, which means that the player has to play faster. Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife, who's an audio geek and uses a stereo iPod for her music. I have a JVC KMD-3520 and it is awesome. The sound is clearer, and it doesn't distort as much. It is also more compact and holds a larger memory than the iPod, which is a plus. The built-in mp3 player is great. It plays all kinds of music without any problem, so it is great to have an MP3 player in the car 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is great!  I do not like the volume control at all.  I am using a Sony product (Aukey).  If I turn the volume all the way down, I can hear the sound better.  If you want to use this as a speakerphone, the volume should be set just below the level that your ear can reach.  It is not loud, but it works.  Don't expect a lot of volume though, I would suggest setting it a little higher to make the sound louder 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product and have not had any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best CD player I've ever owned.  I like the ease of use with the iPod and the convenience of the iPod player being attached to it.  The only problem I have with it is that the CD player doesn't stay put as long as my other player does.  It sits out in the open a bit more than my other one, so you have to hold it more to make it play.  However, the CD is always on, so it's a minor inconvenience.  If you don't like the iPod attachment, it's easy to swap it out for another one of your own 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I use my laptop constantly and the battery is getting low and it can be a pain to go through all the steps to get a replacement battery. I was so glad I found this battery.  I don't use it often, but it is always there and I am never without a full charge! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with the product.  You can hear the difference with this radio.  Great sound, great price.  I had a few issues with it, but I fixed it and it works well.  If you want something that you can use on the road and it has a good range and is small and light, this is the radio for you.  Don't waste your money on any other radios, this one is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great product. I like the easy setup. I use it all the time and love the look. I don't have to worry about changing the batteries or anything. The sound is a little weak, but you can't hear it if you use headphones. The picture is great and you can see what you are looking at in the mirror. I also like the soundproofing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a great product.  I use my iPod to play and record all my music and I would recommend it to anyone.  Great product and great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great card for the price. I would buy them again if they were in stock.  The only problem is that the software is a little difficult to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product at a good price. The sound is nice, the price was great. It does not have the wow factor that I was looking for but it does work and has the sound quality that I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  It is very easy to use.  The sound is very clear and clear and the volume is high.  I have it on my ipod and it has worked very well.  You get the most out of the sound when the volume on the iPod is at its maximum.  If you play on an iPod then you will appreciate this.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to record the TV picture.  I have to use a DVD player, but the sound is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an excellent product and worth every penny 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an excellent product.  I use it to transfer files from my Sony CD player to my MacBook.  The product is simple and works well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. Great price. Shipping was fast. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, its a little pricey, but its the best choice for me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy to install, great sound, excellent price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, very pleased with the sound quality.  I am very pleased and have only had it a week 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  I use it with my HP Touchpad (and HP wireless card).  Great product and excellent price.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The sound quality is great, the price is great and it is a nice product.  It is very sturdy and does a great job of protecting your stereo.  I have used it to record some songs and the sound is excellent.  If you want something that will protect your stereo from the rain and the wind this is it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product, and makes the TV look a little less dirty.  I would recommend it to anyone who has an older TV.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised! Great product, nice price, works well with my Sony S3 and it is nice to have a remote so you can play games or record the TV show.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome. I needed to replace my old laptop which had a small LCD screen and was not as nice as this one. The keyboard is comfortable and the mouse is great. The battery lasts a long time, and the speed is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is an absolute hit! I've been using it with a HP Elite x360 for almost two weeks now. It is everything I expected and more.  The only thing I would like to see improved is the software (not sure what it is). I use the HP web portal for all my setup and troubleshooting. If I had to do it all over again, I would buy this item again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my iPod nano.  I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well designed and the product does exactly what you want.  I would say it is worth the price.  The only thing that I wish is that there is a way to select the best sound level 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well for the price and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked as advertised.  It is easy to use, easy to hook up and it looks like a solid piece of equipment.  I would recommend this product for anyone that uses the iPod with the touch or as a music player.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well and the price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product. It's so easy to use, has great features, and the price is amazing! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome.  I am very happy with it.  No issues, very easy setup and very happy customer.  Good price too! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I wanted.  The price was unbeatable and shipping was excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I expected it to be.  It works well, is compact and has a great design.  The only thing that I am not sure about is the capacity, since the picture is not that big.  I have only had it about a week and the picture quality is great.  This is an excellent product, and is probably the best buy in my opinion 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this camera for my wife to record and share with us. It is easy to use and has the most useful features of any digital camera I've owned.  The flash sync is extremely fast and is excellent for video.  It has a great video quality.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this memory because my MacBook was getting to the end of its life and needed more memory. It is a great buy and the memory is a lot of it.  I love it. I was able to store almost 8 gigabytes and have it on the side of the desk.  It was easy to setup and use.  The only negative I have about it is that the screen does not have the ability to hold more than 6gb. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as advertised.  It was a bit longer than I expected (I had ordered the size of the TV) but it worked.  I'm very pleased with the TV and it is very easy to set up and use.  The picture is excellent.  No complaints about the sound, although I would have preferred a better set.  Great price and service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Works great for the price. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that the sound quality is a bit weak. I use my laptop with earphones, so I don't hear the volume as well as I would like. But the sound is great and the price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  The remote is great!  I have used it to operate my DVD player and it works great!
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  I have a Sony NEX-3D, and have needed a lot of different memory cards, and this card is the best I have ever used 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card to record and transfer digital recordings to my Sony HDR-X2000. It's great for recording and transferring, and I'm very pleased with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound.  I was hesitant at first because of the small size of the speakers, but they were easy to install and use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well.  I bought this to use with my Toshiba Satellite CD player.  It fits perfectly and works great.  No problems at all.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and she loves it.  The product is very well built, fits nicely, works great.  You can't beat the price and the product is so easy to use!  I wish they had an adapter that could fit my laptop's case.  But that is the only complaint I have against this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice.  I am a regular home internet user and am using an AT&T wireless router to share my wireless network with other computers.  It is very fast, works well, and I haven't had any problems yet.  Overall I would buy another for my home network 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a little slow to begin with the first boot, but it worked just fine after that.  No problems with the software or installation.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy for those who do not have a lot of space for their ipod or mp3 player.  It comes with everything you need and the price was very reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The color is great.  You can't even tell it's there until it starts.  I have the color for my TV and my laptop.  It looks great on both of them.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product about a year ago. I was a little surprised at how well it worked.  It has a nice sturdy case and the sound is great!  I would recommend this product to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is excellent. I have had my iPod (I'm not sure what kind) for a couple of years and it still plays great with the included batteries. I don't see a big difference in speed between this card and the iPod's built in batteries. It is definitely worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used this product for over 6 years now and have never had any problems with it.  The only thing I would like to see is an option to add an external power supply for the CD player.  It would make life easier.  I'm a little more comfortable using the internal power supply on my car than on my TV because it is harder to switch to the TV if the CD is playing.  This would make it easier for the TV to recognize when the CD has stopped playing and switch to power off the player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best wireless device I've owned. I'm very happy with it.  The product itself is a great product, and it works very well.  I use it for both my laptop and my home office PC (a Win XP), and both work very well with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this memory for my home theater and it worked flawlessly!  I have not seen any problems with this memory so far.  I am a big fan of Toshiba memory and have been using that for years and have not had any problems so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a great buy.  I use my Sony product to record my DVDs.  This is great because I can record a whole lot of movies and have to pay only a little bit more for it.  The only complaint I have is that the product is very heavy.  It can be a bit cumbersome to use for the first few days of use.  If you are just using it to record your movies and want to move on to something else, you can purchase an inexpensive piece of plastic that is much better.  Overall this product was very easy to install and use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I have had a lot of trouble with my iPod and this is the only thing that has kept me from breaking it.  If you don't like the earbuds, get them on Amazon and buy a pair of earbud headphones.  They're a much better choice.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as expected.  It's a nice product, the only complaint is the cable is too short to hook up to my router 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has done a great job for my kids and they both love it!  They had the CD player in their car and it works like a charm!  It is very sturdy and easy to install. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this unit for 2 months now.  I had my first phone with this system and it worked fine.  The only problem I had was that my camera wasn't registering the last picture taken.  If you take a picture in the last second of the flash running out, the picture won't register 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very sturdy. It's compact and is easily handled by your hand. I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little disappointed with the sound quality at first.  But it has quickly become an excellent system, and I've bought a couple of them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, I use it in my Dell P2715i and my HP laptop and am very pleased with its performance.  The only thing I would like is an option to purchase the HP drive instead of the Crucial HDD, it is very much smaller, and more compact.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this antenna to replace my previous antenna that broke at the first wind of a storm.  It worked out great!  I love the picture and reception, the antenna is sturdy and well made.  If you need an antenna for your laptop, try this one! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great.  The product is easy to use and I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well for my TV. Great sound quality. Great price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself was a bit disappointing when I first received it.  The picture quality is excellent!  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it does not have a built-in DVD player.  There is a $30.00 option for this which allows you to plug your DVD player directly into the case.  It was a great buy for an easy way to keep my CD player in the case when I travel! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my PIXA and it has worked great with my TV.  It does a great job of taking care of the inputs and outputs and it is a great value.  I will buy another one soon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product. It is a great product, and works well with my iPod.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great!  It is very easy to use and it has an adjustable rubber pad to protect the screen from scratches.  You can adjust the screen so that it fits perfectly with the size of your TV!  I really like the fact that you can use this item on any TV that has a backlight, it is much more user friendly than using the TV's built-in TV dimmer!  If you are looking for a solution to protect your screen from scratch or damage this is a great option!  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works great, has tons of features. i did have to buy another one to use it as my main TV and the one that I got broke down.  So I am glad I got the other one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works just like a good CD player. I've not had any problems with it so far.  I'd buy it again if I needed to buy one! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It works great.  The only thing I would change is to have the 2.5m and the 2m wired together.  They're not too far apart but you get some interference from the 2s.  I prefer the 2S, 2M wired together as the 2M is much more flexible.  If you need an mp3 player that's larger than the 2MP, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is just right and the sound quality is top notch.  The price was not a problem for me.  I love this item and I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this CD player. I have all of my CDs and DVDs in one case and it is very easy to find the one that I am looking for. I love the convenience and the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is good. The cable itself is very well made. The product is not as cheap as I expected (you can't expect that from Amazon), but I can't really complain because I like it!  I am running two PCs and the network has had problems in the past (not enough bandwidth for all that I do).  I would have paid twice as much for a higher-quality product, but the price was a great deal considering the product.  I'd recommend this product to anyone who has a limited amount of time or bandwidth and need to get the most out of their network, and Amazon's product is definitely that.  It does require the use of a dedicated IP switch for the two PCs. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little unit, has an extremely small footprint and is very easy to use.  Great product and I will definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it for my wife.  It is a little heavy and heavy, but it has held up for over a year now.  We are using it in a home office that has a high level of electronic equipment.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works as advertised. It's small and light. I am very happy with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  I use it for all my home media players.  Great product and a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered the product and the customer service was great!  The product was exactly as promised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this as a gift to myself and was a bit nervous at first. I didn't think it would be able to handle my DVD/CD/Blu-ray player, but after a few tests, it has worked out great.  The product is very well made, the price is right, and it looks very nice.  It works very well.  I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice, and is the first one I bought that I did not have to worry about scratches or dings.  The only thing I can't stand is the battery life.  I used my iPad on the dock with no problems, and when I removed it from the dock the battery started dying.  This is a huge deal, since I have to charge my iPad every night.  But if you want the ability to charge your iPad while you sleep, this is the dock for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card for my MacBook Pro.  The performance is great and the picture is sharp and clear.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product for about 2 months.  It has worked great.  I like the case for it.  Its size is great for a small electronic device.  The volume controls work well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It's compact and looks nice.  I'm very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is awesome!  Its small and easy to hold in your pocket and use while on the go 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very good and the price was excellent.  The only problem I had with it was that the cord kept coming out of the front (the one that goes in the ear) at times.  It didn't get too bad until I got to a point where I could not plug it in to my computer.  There are two plugs on the side, and I couldn't figure out why it kept coming back out of one.  I used a paper clip to hold the one that came out and it works perfectly.  A good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the Sony E6500 and E6510 in my car for over a year.  The E6550 is the best product I have ever owned.  It has all of the features of the E6560 and E6555, but it is also lighter.  My E6570 had a bad battery after a few years.  This replacement battery has held my car running for over 12 hours without a problem.  I also like the new battery size because it is a little bigger than the E6505.  We all love our Sony products and it is nice to see Sony stand behind its products.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works perfectly, very compact and light. I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this product for a year and it is still running.  I had an HP printer that was broken.  This is much better.  It is a bit heavier but worth it.  Very happy with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a portable MP3 player, so I ordered this one. It is a great player, it works great and is very easy to use.  It is also a great value, not to mention the low price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is a great buy!  I had to change the software on my iPod and the new software is a lot better and easier to use.  I recommend it for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife's laptop which is a new purchase.  It is everything it was advertised to be and more.  I would recommend it to anyone with a laptop that needs an extra hard drive space.  For a good price, I cannot complain.  The drive works well and has a nice look to it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with the product. It is very easy to install and is a great sound. I am an audiophile and I would buy it again. It fits nicely, is quiet and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product with the intention of installing my own iPod player into my Toyota Prius.  The product was as described and delivered with no problems.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use and works great.  It has a nice sound.  The price is a bit high but I think it is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a heavy electronic device user and needed something that could hold my printer and still work on my home network.  It's a great printer for the money.  The printer itself is not that big, but the print is great.  Great range, great printing, great price.  I would definitely recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased the unit to connect my iPad to my Sony Vaio ZS60 camcorder.  It has worked out great!  The only thing that I would change is the battery life.  The battery life is a little short, but that is not an issue as the unit is designed to last for many hours, not just a few hours 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the mic is great.  Just wish it had a better speakerphone.  The price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is amazing.  I had to purchase a different card, but the price was great!  I'm using my HP LAS2 as a NAS, and this card has been fantastic!  You can see the disk, and use it, and it is so small and fast!  It's also easy to use and keep clean!  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had several of these phones and they all have worked well.  I am happy with the product.  The sound is clear and crisp.  It is easy to operate.  Great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an inexpensive way to listen to digital music. It's a little cumbersome to load the songs, but if you're listening to music over and over again you can get a little bored and unplug it for a while and get some new songs to play. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome!  The product was exactly as advertised and worked just as well as expected.  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very impressed with this product.  I use it for my Canon digital camera and am very pleased with its performance 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  The sound is very clear and has a great range.  You will be very pleased 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works perfectly!  It's easy to use and the picture is very clear.  Great price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife who has a Dell laptop and needed a way to hook up her wireless mouse.  This is a great product, as I would expect, but it is a little hard to put on.  If you want to use it on the back of your laptop, you will need to make sure that the cable is secured at the bottom.  It's a little snug on the bottom, but if you have an uncomfortable keyboard, it is still workable.  I did have one problem with it, which is that when you open the case, it pops up and exposes the mouse. I would like to see this case made out of more rigid material 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very easy to install and worked very well.  It is not too large for my needs but works fine for my 2 computers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my iPOD for all of my entertainment. I have a Toshiba Satellite A2300. It is a great product, but I do not like the size of the iPod touch. I used to carry my headphones with me and use the iPod to play music. I am able to do this easily enough with the iPod Touch. But, when I am using my iPod to listen to movies or television, I have to use the case. I like the case, but it is a little larger than I would like. I did not expect it to be that big. The iPod is great, but the case is not quite as useful as I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Very easy to use, easy to install. Great sound. It is a little pricey though 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this card with the intention of upgrading my PC.  I have two Macs, one is a MacBook and the other is a Windows 7 with a Radeon HD 5750.  The Radeon HD 5670 was an excellent upgrade.  Performance is excellent, graphics are smooth, and it was an absolute pleasure to use.  It is also a pleasure to be able to plug in my Mac and then the HD 5650 would immediately begin to play media from my Mac.  No problem at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a small and light, but works as expected.  The only thing I would suggest is that it comes with an SD card, rather than a USB card reader.  I haven't used the card yet, but it seems to be well suited for the purpose 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this product at a great price. I was a little worried when I first opened the box because it was not in the box. But once I opened it and looked at the card, I realized it was exactly as I wanted.  I was worried about the price, but the card is well worth the money.  It was fast and reliable.  The card is very easy to use.  One thing I would like to see is the addition of a power cord so that I can plug the card into the AC adapter I have, rather than using the one included with the product.  Maybe this is because my power cords are made of cardboard, but I don't want to deal with that 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  It is easy to install, easy to use, and looks great.  My only complaint is that the picture quality is slightly lower than I expected, but it is a small price to pay for the convenience and flexibility that this product provides.  I am very happy with my purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is clear and clear, but a little quieter than I expected.  The volume is fine and it's quick to connect to my MP3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice for the money.  It's easy to use, and works fine for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the cable to connect to my Mac, which does not have the Apple logo in the corner.  I would like to have this product in my Mac and I can't afford the $30.00 price tag.  This is a must have for Mac users 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are amazing! I was concerned because of the price tag and the fact that they didn't have an outlet to plug them into, but after looking at the product I couldn't be happier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy for the money.  It is easy to use and the sound is better than the price.  I use the soundcard in all my music machines and have never had an issue with it.  You will not regret spending the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife to use with her home camcorder and it works well.  I use it on my work PC and it looks great.  It is not very fast, but it is small enough that it does not interfere with the camcorders other devices 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works as advertised.  I had a lot of problems with the earlier version and it solved them.  The unit worked fine for me.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am happy with this product.  The sound is clear and the speakers have plenty of volume.  This product is easy to use and very easy to assemble 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Macbook that has a small external screen and I am constantly having to transfer pictures from it to my Mac with my laptop.  So I decided to try the Pixo.  The Pixo comes with a memory card for your photos and video to use, and it is small and portable enough to carry around with you all day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy to use and it works! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised.  The only thing I wish it had is an option for an SD card to put into the card reader.  I use a Naxs card reader that is meant for the card I put in there, and that card is too small for this card reader 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife, who has a Dell laptop.  She loves it and is always happy with the software and product.  The sound is better than the stock sound card, which she can't really complain about.  I just wanted a small wireless device that would fit my wife's needs.  It is an excellent solution! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a novice user.  So far it has worked well for me.  No problems with it at all.  I would definately recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly as advertised.  The product works perfectly and has a nice feel to it.  Great product, great price.  Very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great!  It is very easy to use and the price is amazing!  I am using it with my Canon digital camera and the pictures I have taken are more crisp than I expected.  The only thing I don't like is the lack of memory card support.  You can use your favorite memory card to store your pictures but you will need to format the card yourself.  It would be a good idea to buy a few memory cards to keep for emergencies.  If you use it for your home movies and photography you will be very pleased with the quality and price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm!  Just wish it came with an eject button!  I use the product at home and travel all over the world and it works fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an excellent product, and works as advertised.  It was a little difficult to use at first, because it required a different setting from the default.  This has been resolved and the product works just as well as it should.  I would buy this product again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as described and looks great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are very well made, very sturdy, great sound, and are very easy to use.  They sound great and the battery is a nice size.  If you want a small portable player that can be easily carried around, these are great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this as a back up to my laptop which is HP Pavilion.  It's an easy to use product and works well.  I've had my HP Pavilion for over a year and this is still in excellent condition.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, easy to use and great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to upgrade from an iPod Mini. The sound is great! The case has a nice look and is comfortable to hold. I had no problems with it at all. The iPod Mini was very heavy and this case has held it in great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to get my iPod to play music again after the previous owner had a hard time with the original product.  It worked well.  I can't say enough positive things about it, it is a great electronic device.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I'm looking for a bigger speaker that will handle my TV. The speakers are very well built and the sound is excellent.  The volume control is a bit stiff and not as easy to use as the previous speakers, but they still sound great.  You will probably want to invest in some kind of wireless receiver to hook this up to your home network, as the receiver itself does not include a remote control.  I will not be purchasing the product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  The only problem I had was with the sound quality.  I use my mp3 player in my living room and it is in the same room as my TV.  You can hear the difference between the two sets of speakers.  But the sound is so crisp and clear, I'm not complaining 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  It allows me to charge my cell phone while it is on the desk.  I use it to charge both my iPad and my ipod while I am in bed.  My only gripe is that it is a little smaller than I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, just an alternative to the CD/DVD player.  Its a nice touch to have a player that will play all types of media, but it does not come with a CD slot.  I like the player, but if you want to play media with a disc, this is the best choice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case fits the phone perfectly.  It's light and comfortable.  The phone is just as nice in my hands as it is in the picture.  Great price and great service.  I'm happy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  Very easy to use, easy to store.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  I have an HP printer with a 3.5 gal floppy disk.  I use it to print out my reports and the printouts have always come out great.  The price is great, it's easy to use, and the prints look great!The only reason I wouldn't give this a 5 star rating is because it is so heavy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product about a year ago and I love it.  I have it plugged into my ipod.  It is a little larger than my iPod Classic but it has better sound.  The sound is better than my mp3 player, and it does not cost me that much more.  There is a downside to this product, however.  If you put your iPod into your case, it will stop functioning.  This is not a problem for me, however, because I have to carry it around every day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well.  The only complaint is that the product only supports SD memory cards up to 8GB, but it works fine for the 10GB card I use for my camera and photos. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product as a replacement for a broken product that my wife had broken.  It has worked perfectly as expected.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a replacement to replace their printer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product.  It is very easy to install and is very comfortable to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first product that I've purchased from Sennheiser. I have been looking for a CD player that is better than my Sony.  It is so much better.  I am very happy with the sound quality.  The sound is clear and the volume control is easy to use.  If you want a player that can be played on the car, or you don't like CD's, this is a great option.  Sennhesers has always been a great brand, and I'm glad to have my purchase with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this card to use with my Panasonic DVD player. It worked flawlessly. The price was a little expensive, but I was able to save by getting a second-hand version 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a way to use my old digital camera with a digital audio recorder, and this is it.  The recorder has a great sound quality and is easy to use.  I am using it with my Sony SBM-RX3 digital camera and it is performing as expected.  You can adjust the volume level from the camera control.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great, the only drawback is the battery is a little weak 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great electronic device. It does exactly what I needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great for my camcorder and camera.  I like that the SD card is replaceable and easy to use.  The video quality is great.  My only complaint is that the remote does not work.  If you do not have a button to turn off the camcorders, it is a problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect!  The sound is better than I expected.  Very easy to use, great price, easy return policy.  I have two 5" monitors with a built in subwoofer.  The Soundbar is great!  I could hear the difference between the two monitors at full volume and without the subwoof.  Would definitely buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the product.  I needed an ethernet card and didn't have any with the amount of cables that I needed.  The card is very nice and sturdy.  It's easy to connect to your router and use it to get your IP address 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is awesome, the sound quality is very clear and the price is great.  I bought it as an upgrade to my current product and it is a great addition to my home theater system.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works very well.  Comes with a few small scratches on the case but otherwise a nice case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic.  It is easy to use and does exactly what you want to do.  I have a Panasonic DVD player that has a lot of scratches, and this card is a great improvement.  The product is a little bulky (the plastic covers that are used to protect the card), but it's not too bad.  You won't even notice it's there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is well designed and well packed.  The only thing that needs improvement is the lack of a manual mode switch.  I use my mouse in the default settings and use the mouse wheel to scroll through my programs, so I don't use this to scroll past all the menus on my computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is nice.  The only thing I don't like is the size.  It's a little too big for my head, which is not a big deal, but I want a little more room than the other headphones I have, so I ordered the size that's about right for my ears.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, just wish it had a higher resolution.  Works fine for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to make my TV easier to use with my DVD player.  The picture is excellent.  It's a little bulky, but it is a great addition to my home theater system.  I can turn on the TV with my remote, pause the DVD with the remote, etc.  You'll notice that it does not plug in very well, and that's because it is made of a plastic piece with metal pieces.  A piece of wood would plug in nicely, but I can't imagine why anybody would buy a plastic electronic device with a metal piece instead of wood.  Overall, it is an excellent product and it fits perfectly.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are perfect for the money. I have used them for over a year now.  I like the fact that the earphones have an easy-to-use remote control and the headphones have a soft cloth covering on the ear-cup.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. Nice price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am in the process of upgrading to a 6Gb hard drive and I am finding the Seagate 8 GB hard drive to be an excellent choice.  The Seagate drive is small and sleek and works well.  I have not had any trouble with it.  It has performed flawlessly and has no problem storing my media.  Great product, I would buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds work well for my wife and I to listen to both stereo and stereo-to-stereo, as well as both music and phone calls, in the same room. They also have an ability to adjust to different ear sizes and have a nice range of sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a perfect fit for the Sony mp3 player.  I use my iPod for music, but I don't have the room for the mp3 players.  The headphones are comfortable, the microphone works well, and the headphones are adjustable.  It's worth the money, especially when I use the iPod on the road and need headphones to keep my ears warm.  If you have the space for the iPod player, I would suggest the Beats by Dr. Dre earphones.  They are better for the same price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an electronics person, and this product was exactly what I needed. I am so glad that I found it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is a bit lower than I expected, but not bad at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was a gift for my wife and I.  The sound quality is excellent.  I am not a professional audio guy so I will say that the sound quality isn't as loud as other stereo systems I have owned.  My wife and the kids love it.  Don't expect loudness, it's a small unit with just 2 speakers.  However, this is the best unit I have had in my home so far.  No regrets 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself was great.  It did exactly what I wanted.  The only problem was that the only way to keep the memory stick was to press the reset button on the unit.  I was able to save all the pictures I wanted, but the reset function could not keep the pictures in a consistent order.  If the unit is reset to the same place every time you plug in a memory stick, it can become quite slow.  Also, I would like to be able to press and hold the reset to keep it from resetting to a previous place on the disk, as I have done with my previous memory stick.  There are other memory stick units that I use, and the one from Seagate is much better.  However, I was very happy with Seagate's memory stick because it is compact, has a higher capacity than the other memory sticks I have, is more reliable, and has a much larger storage capacity. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this item for my wife to use on her iPod. It was delivered quickly and the product was very nice.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for the price and size! It works as advertised and is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card has great picture and sound.  I will definately buy another one for my daughter.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are great!  They're easy to fit and comfortable.  The only complaint I have is that I'm not able to get the volume up high enough.  I don't mind it much, but it would be nice if it could be a bit more convenient to have a button for adjusting the volume.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price. Great price too! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for my wife who has arthritis, she can't stand the heat and when the sun comes out the house it is warm.  We had to look around for an AC in the basement but they were at a big price, it's about $100 at Amazon, the product is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is so easy to use.  We used it for both video and sound and it worked like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great value, with a nice look.  It does a great job for its price!  It is nice to have the memory, but if you are not running a lot of video, this product is not needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it on sale.  Great product for the price!  Great sound, great product!  I will definitely buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have the HP Pro 300 and love it.  It has great sound quality and looks great!  However, the USB ports on the HP weren't quite as convenient as I expected.  I thought I'd give the HP USB 3.0 Adapter as a replacement, but it also worked very well!  It was also well priced compared to the other USB adapters that were on the market.  A little pricey, but I needed it!  You'll need to be sure to connect the USB 2.0 ports to the HP port, otherwise you'll get a 'dead link' error.  However it did help me solve my 'lost' USB port!  A nice addition to my desktop system 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very easy to use and has excellent sound quality. I have only used it for a few hours and the sound is as great as it sounds. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is easy to use and very small.  The picture is very clear.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is easy to use and the price was right. I would recommend it for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was a perfect fit for my daughter.  She likes it and it is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, it works great with my Panasonic G10 and I was very happy with the product.  I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the product and its performance is awesome 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a beginner on my PC, but love the sound quality and looks! I've already replaced my old sound card with this card.  I've noticed that the speakers are slightly quieter, but I don't care since they sound great! The one negative about the sound card is that it can't get stereo sound to the front of the computer. I like the stereo sound of the speakers at my desktop, but not so much on the computer I'm playing games on 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome!  It is so easy to use.  I have two of them and have had great success.  You don't even have to think to set the radio!  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great for the price!  I use it all the time and I love it!  No problems with any of my other wireless cards, just the problem of finding a good antenna!  The antenna is just right, but is a little small compared to the other ones I have, so you may want to go for a bigger one.  The connection speed is also very fast and reliable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this card. I just love that I can store the cards on the side of the printer! I don't use it that much, but it saves me money and I like the convenience of not having to keep my main printer in a bag, or having to transfer them between machines 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is great.  The product is easy to use and has the power to match the price.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it because my DVD player had an annoying scratch sound. The sound is better than I expected and the player itself is sturdy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the Sony CFV-3000G-A DVD player and the Panasonic TS-HG-600 DVD recorder to produce a high quality video that can be watched on my Sony T-90 and Sony RX-500.  The Panasonic CFV's are an improvement, but the Sony's are just more stable, easier to use, and have better features.  I highly recommend Sony products 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I just wish they made it in the USA 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was excellent.  The sound was clear and it worked right out of the box.  I use this on a Sony Vaio.  It worked perfectly, was easy to set up and was a joy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I expected it to be and is a big upgrade from the older product.  It has a nice design and looks nice, and it functions flawlessly.  The only complaint I have about it is the fact that I can't leave it charging at my desk, but I can always keep it plugged in to charge at home 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have 2 monitors with my iMac so I needed something that could cover both of them.  I got this for my wife and it is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a cable to hook up my iPod to the TV so I bought this. I was very pleased with the sound quality. I would recommend this cable to anyone that has an iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal for the price!  It is small and has a nice feature to make it easy to use and plug into the back of your stereo.  I also bought the sound card that comes with the unit, and it is very nice too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It worked exactly as I expected. No problem, no problems, I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter and she loves it!  I've been using it for two days and it is as good as I expected.  It is well built and it works great!  It does exactly what I expected and more!  No problems at all.  I'm very happy with this item and I will buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the way this thing looks. It has an easy to use interface. It is small and light.  You can plug it into your TV and the screen will automatically adjust to the screen size of your TV.  It is not as large as some others, but the screen is still clear and the picture is great.  If you have a larger TV you will want to get a larger screen.  I use this with my wife and she loves it.  There are a few minor drawbacks however. The power supply needs to be a little larger.  The built in antenna is not that great. If you do not like it, get a better one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is easy to mount the camera and works well with the camera. I have not had any problems with any of my previous camera mounts.  I am very pleased with this mount.  The only thing I would have preferred is a rubber mount, but I have had the rubber mount so long that I have lost count 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product for my husband who has a Sony PS3 and wanted a quieter system to play on while he was watching TV. The sound was really nice. I also used it for my daughter who has an Xbox 360. It was a very easy system to install and use. It took us less than 20 minutes to set up. The console was silent, and my daughter could hardly hear the television when she was watching. The volume was very nice. You can't beat that price, and it fits the case nicely. The product was easy to use and easy to set-up 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this unit to connect my Sony RX580 and Sony D2A2 to my HDTV. Works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a good product for my HDTV.  I was very happy to find this.  It's easy to use and works very well.  Great for watching movies in the living room 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my needs.  It is very easy to use and very durable.  I do not like the size of the product.  If I wanted to replace my old CD player with this, I would buy it from Amazon instead. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well. I have not had any problems with it. I like the ease of installation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just what I needed.  It's easy to set up and it is a little pricey for the amount of space you get.  However, it is very well made.  I'm very pleased with the quality and the ease of installation.  The picture is excellent.  There are no complaints about the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! We use it to record TV and DVD, and the sound is just right.  The only thing I wish was a little better was the size. It's not huge, but it's not tiny either.  It's bigger than most of the TV I've owned, but still very comfortable.  I would recommend this product to anyone who's looking for a small but comfortable TV with great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is the best bang for the buck.  The case is easy to use and fits nicely 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for all my home entertainment.  The sound is great.  If you have a surround sound system, it will give you an extra option.  This product has a nice design and makes for a nice portable system for those who do not need the sound to be as loud as I do.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item and it worked like a charm.  It worked as advertised.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was as described.  I would definately recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the money! I use this for my iPod Mini and it is perfect. I have not had any problems with the battery or the sound quality, 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this product as a replacement for my Sennheiser PX500. It is an excellent product.  It is a little bit larger than the PX but fits the hand very well.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very happy with this product. I had a few problems with it, but they were resolved with the help of the support group. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned these speakers for several months now.  They work very well.  I don't have any complaints about them, in fact, I'm always very happy with them.  The sound is fantastic.  We are both fans of the sound of the speakers and the fact that I can use them without any cables.  Not having cables is a huge benefit and this is one of the best speakers I've ever owned.  It has a nice bass and the volume is great!  The speakers are a little expensive but worth every penny 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is fantastic.  The volume is great.  I like it so much I am considering purchasing the wireless adapter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. Great sound quality. Sound is clean, clear and clear. We used it to watch DVDs for hours, with great results. You'll be pleased with the sound quality and price. I will buy this product again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this case and it is a perfect fit!  The case is sturdy and the straps hold the phone securely.  I love the look and feel of this case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has done a great job so far, and the price was unbeatable.  I would buy it again.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is great. It was shipped in great condition. It is a great product.  It is easy to set up and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly as I ordered.  The case is great.  I am very happy with it.  It is a little expensive but well worth it.I would buy it again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price is great.  The sound is great!  It is also small, so it is easy to carry around.  I would recommend this product to anyone who has a problem with a bad sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and she loves it.  The sound is amazing and she has not had any problem with it. i'm very pleased 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with the sound.  The microphone works well and is a great buy for my wife and I.  It was easy to use and the battery lasted a very long time.  My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a case.  I wish it did 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, excellent sound.  Don't think I could find better for this price! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great to have a CD player with an FM transmitter!  It doesn't get too hot or too loud when the radio is on, and it has a great sound.  I've had it on and off for 6 months and it is still working.  It has a few flaws, but the FM radio is worth it for its functionality and the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this antenna for all my antennae, and am extremely pleased with it.  The only drawback is the lack of an RCA input.  However, the output is excellent for all stations, and the product is a nice piece of electronic device.  I would recommend it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great! Great price. Great product. Great service. Great customer service. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a professional videographer and am very happy with the performance and overall ease of use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is awesome!  The only problem I had was that it had to be installed on an old laptop.  That was the only reason I took the chance of buying this product.  If you want to use it on a new system then it's a must! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as described.  I had my HD-800 and it works fine, just like my other HD800.  Very easy to install, but not too demanding.  You will need to get a little more than 100mbit or so transfer speed (in the case of HD800, 1.5mbit) and that is enough for me.  The only downside is that you will have to pay a little extra for the case that the product comes with, because the one that came with mine is a little to big, and that's okay, it just gives you more room to hold the unit in your hand.  Overall a good product, the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that it comes with a little sticker which says "not compatible with Windows XP".  It is a small price to pay for a good device, just know that if you plan to use the product on XP you will need a copy of XP to run it.  Also note that this product does NOT have a DVI connector.  It uses the DVI port that is included with the Windows DVD/CD player, not the D-Sub port that the player uses 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It is compact and light!  You can use it for all your music and entertainment needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only used this antenna once and I can tell you it is very nice and I am very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product. I have a Canon DSLR and wanted to take advantage of the 4gb limit. The Canon 50D is not that big so this little card fits perfectly in the SD slot.  Great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome!  Its great for people who like to have their iPod case with them at all times.  It has an easy to use dock for your iPod and works great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had to replace my previous CD player. This is a great replacement for my old CD player, and the sound is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Very easy to use, has a nice sound and it is durable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was as advertised.  I am not a pro but I did notice the pictures are larger and crisper than other brands that I have purchased.  You can also see the buttons and switches with the clarity you would expect from a good bookcase.  It does have a small dent on the backside of the lid which is barely noticeable.  The hinges are a little stiff but I am able to adjust them so that they don't dig into my desk or couch.  This is a great product!  I will be ordering more from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned my Sennheiser headphones for about 2 years now.  I have had them for quite a few weeks now, and I can say they are still in excellent condition.  These headphones sound great, and they are comfortable.  If you don't want to spend a lot of money on a pair of headphones, then this is a good deal! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a must for those who want to connect their printer to a PC without having to run their network setup through their printer's IP address.  The product works well and it is a little more expensive than the original PrinterShare but it's well worth the price.  My only complaint is that it's a little difficult to set up, and it doesn't come with any software that will help with printing to multiple printers.  It does come with a nice CD-ROM with lots of printer settings and configuration guides.  I hope Printer Share will expand the number of printers that it supports, as that will be the biggest problem with the original product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. You can't beat it for the price. I use the iPod Classic as my media player all day, and the MP3 player in the other room is great.  The price is great and the product is a big improvement over the old iPod, as it has a larger screen, but still fits in my hand, has a better battery, and is lighter.  I'm happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  It fits perfectly and works like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the card with my HP laptop and I am very happy with the performance of this card.  It's a little bit slower than my other card that I use on my laptop and it is a little more expensive, but the price was worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I wanted.  It was inexpensive and easy to install.  If you need an SD card reader for your car, this is a good option.  The only drawback is that it doesn't have a memory slot to hold the memory cards.  Other SD readers have memory slots, which is a necessity if you want to use the card with a car.  But I still love this product because the price is reasonable, the installation was very easy, and it was easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife to use as an mp3 player, because she is very tech savvy.  I thought it was a bit pricey for the quality and features it has, but it is great.  She loves it and loves to listen to music while I am at work.  Very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product!  I purchased it and my printer is running great.  The only drawback is that the paper you print on it tends to curl a little bit, but that is easily remedied by adjusting the settings to a point where you can print more than one page.  Overall great product, very pleased with the printing quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I would recomend this product to anyone who has problems with the optical card in their printer.  The card is small and fits perfectly in my Canon printer.I am happy with this product and would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it because I use my iPad and use it to record my games on.  I like the way it looks, but the thing is a little heavy, so I didn't want to spend too much on something that could be easily broken.  It's a little bulky, but that's a good thing since it is lightweight.  My iPad is not the original model, and I haven't used the battery yet, but I've got a receipt from Amazon with a description of how to use it, so it should last a while.  You do have to do some minor maintenance to the LCD to get it to charge, but it works fine with the case.  If you're just looking for a simple way to record games and you don't care about having a fancy case, this is a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my laptop for a couple of months now and it still works.  This card has done exactly what I expected.  It does everything I need it to do and then some.  Great product.  If you want something with a little more bang, look for a different card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very easy to install.  The only thing that I had to do is disconnect the power supply from the power line.  It worked like a charm!  It has plenty of power, and is great for the price.  I was very impressed with the product.  We use this product for our entire family, and it has done an excellent job. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price. It is a little heavier than I expected but is worth the extra money.  It does exactly what it says it does.  The picture is excellent.  I like the fact that you can turn it on and off from the inside and the outside. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is as advertised.  It works well and looks very cool 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great!  You can even see where you put the phone in the box.  It's a little bulky but that's to be expected with the size of this product.  The pictures and video are great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I ordered this antenna for a friend who wants to get some free wifi in her backyard and has no cable TV.  I was very pleased with this antenna.  It's a great value.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is perfect for my workstation. I used it to transfer an 8GB (or larger) video file to an external drive in the back of my house. It's compact, holds the drive securely and is well-designed. I would not recommend the HP Elite Laser. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to connect my iPod to a cable (not a CD player) that had an RCA connector to a TV.  The Sennheiser PX-4000R was perfect.  It had a nice hook on the end to hold my iPod, which I needed.  A little pricey, but very worth it.  Great sound! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first time using Sony and it has worked perfectly.  It is not as easy to use as the other products that I have used, but is a great product.  The pictures are great.  I did have some minor trouble getting them to print out from my printer and it was my printer's problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are excellent.  You can't beat the price.  They do not have the same sound quality as some other speakers, but they sound great!  The sound is very clear and crisp, and they sound very high quality.  The bass is good, but not overpowering 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with the product, but I do wish the buttons had a more distinct feel. I found them to be a little mushy, but that was due to my first one.  The second one is much more responsive.  I also love the fact that they don't cost as much as the others. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  I love this product.  The price was right and shipping was very fast.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife, who loves to use her laptop. The laptop was a bit slow when starting up, and now she can use it in no time at all! The only negative about it is that it's a little heavy, but it's not too much to deal with. It is a good product, but not the cheapest thing I've purchased, so I'll probably get another product that's lighter for my next laptop 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a CD player for a long time and found only cheap products that were too small or too small to hold my CD collection.  I'm a musician and the CD player in the Sony Vaio is great.  It has a built in MP3 player that has the same sound quality as a CD, CD player and MP3.  The CD player can play mp3 files and CD's with no problem at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a perfect fit for my laptop and is very easy to install.  It has a nice color screen, sound, and overall looks great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product because it is the best price for a cheap card I could find. The cards come with a full 8GB of memory, which is great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it and was very pleased.  I do have to give it 2 stars because I was very disappointed with the price of the product and the shipping fee.  The product is perfect.  It is the only one I have had that is actually functioning properly.  But it's a little pricey and it took a long time to get it here.  You can't beat the price and the service from Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price, very good customer service. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well. It is an extremely handy way to transfer files to and from a drive, without having to use the drive itself.  It is lightweight, compact and does exactly what I expected it to.  I love the product and the price is amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable to connect my Dell Optiarc DVD burner to my HD television.  It worked great.  No problems.  I would buy another for my other DVD burner 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works perfectly. Great price. Great sound for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds were great.  You can hear a lot of sounds.  I've been wearing them all week with no problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price, easy installation, easy use.  Works well with my Canon 7D.  Great service, they keep it running and send me a replacement when needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had an iPod nano and wanted to use it for a CD player.  It has a big, round plastic shell that fits perfectly.  The only problem was that the volume control was not as accurate as it could be.  A friend bought a better player for his wife and she is a professional DJ, so it was a matter of time before I got this.  Overall it's a great product and you can't beat the price!  I was surprised to see that it is not CD compatible (though I think I had a CD changer on my iPod before) so I guess you can use this player to play MP3's!  It also has a built-in DVD player that plays DVD's (so you don't need an extra player), which is a nice feature.  I would buy this again if I ever needed a CD-player and this one is perfect!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product. I used to be a customer at HP and they still sell it at a great price so I bought this one.  It worked great for my use.  I also had the same thing with the Dell PowerLink 1.0 and it worked great.  This one is by far the most convenient because of the remote.  The remote is very well made.  Its easy to use. I like the ability to change modes without using the mouse.  If I'm working on a large file, I like to have both the "power mode" and "volume" mode.   I like it so much I have my HP Elite HP-1551.  For the money it's a great buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had my wife's iPod shuffle for a long time.  It was a little too bulky for her, and I wanted a smaller one.  I've always wanted an iPod touch, but this is the best iPod I've seen.  You can hardly tell the difference between them.  We've had both for 2 months now, and the shuffle has gotten even better!  The shuffle has a slightly better sound quality than my iPod, but the iPod is a little bit heavier.  This iPod has more than double the amount of storage space, so if you're a casual music listener, this one is perfect!  We use the iPod a lot, and now I want to buy another one!  I can't recommend it enough 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very pleased with this product.  I used it to record my first CD on my home stereo.  Very comfortable, very easy to use.  Just keep pressing the button until you hear a "click" or it starts.  Great product.I'll be buying a second one for my wife and her new TV as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very pleased with my Sony A500 headphones.  The sound is clear and crisp.  Very comfortable, well-balanced, and have a very positive review from a good bookie.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is awesome.  It's well worth the price.  The only thing I would like is to have it shipped to me in the USA.  I have a ton of monitors so I like to have them shipped to the country I live in.  If that is an option then I would buy from Amazon or Amazon.com 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the size and the sound of this unit.  The only thing I don't like is the price.  For an $80 stereo I would expect a more powerful unit than this one.  It's a nice product, but the price is a little steep 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is amazing!  It is a little expensive but I am very happy with this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a little more capacity than the stock 8GB and had to choose a micro SD card.  This card gives me more space and works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a nice product, especially for the price.  It comes with the necessary adapters to get it to work with a couple of different televisions.  I do have to admit that the product doesn't come with the most convenient plug, but it is easy to use with your TV and your HDMI cables.  If you don't want to use the remote with your television, I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using this card for a few months now and I'm very satisfied. It works great and is very easy to install and use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was delivered on time. It worked as advertised.  I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing! I am not a gamer and my computer does not have the most stable connection so I purchased this product. It does the job.  I wish it had an HDMI port 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  You can use it on your PC or on your iPod.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only wireless receiver I've used that has worked perfectly for me.  I had the original receiver and it stopped working after a couple months.  This one has done great job of keeping me connected and receiving signal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card worked as advertised and was a pleasure to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds work just as well as the others, but the price is much better. I've been using these for a couple of months now and they still work perfectly. The bass is a little less than the others but the sound is better than the other earbud I've tried.  I highly recommend these earbunds 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  I had an HP DL-821 and was a little hesitant about using it.  This is a lot better, and the cost was a bit cheaper.  The sound is a little harsh, but I don't think it's an issue with the software.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  Its a lot cheaper than I thought it would be 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  I had to do some searching for other options and came across this one.  It is much easier to use and has a very nice built in microphone.  The only thing I wish was a little cheaper was the price.  But I would not have to spend much extra money to buy a better microphone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! It works great for the price. I was looking for something that could handle my DVD/CDs with my HD DVD player and also could hold a larger media player like my XBOX. I found this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is nice and easy to use.  I have used it on my Dell Inspiron 7500.  It's been a long time since I used anything else, so I can't compare it to other products.  If you are looking for something to keep your mp3 player or laptop running in case of power outage, this is a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a small, compact player with a lot of input and a small footprint. This one fits the bill! I'm a beginner and I have only used it for about an hour and a half, and the sound is very nice! The player is very lightweight, but it has a nice weight and looks cool. I like the ability to play my CD, iPod, and mp3 player all in one player, without having to separate them into two separate inputs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound card for a budget.  I like the built in speakers and the ability to use my iPod as a media player with ease 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this with my HP DVD Player and it has worked great.  I haven't had to change any settings or settings on it to get the best performance out of it.  It is a little noisy, but not annoying.  This has saved me several hours of time when I had to switch from my HP BluRay player to the DVD player in my room to watch a movie 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned this cable for a few years now and love it.  The color and the sound is great, I have been using it for everything from home theater to sound editing and the only complaint I have is the cable itself.  If you have any trouble with the cable getting tight or too loose, just keep loosening it a little 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, very easy to install. I am using this for my Macbook pro and it is just as easy as plugging and play. Great price and easy installation. Very happy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with the product.  It has worked great.  You get what you pay for, and you can get the best price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this camera for my personal and educational use, and it has worked great for the price.  I would not hesitate in purchasing a lower priced camera for the same purpose, though, due to the higher resolution and image quality.  The included lens is a nice feature, and its not the cheapest one available, but the clarity, image quality and low-light sensitivity are not as important as the ability to easily and quickly capture the action, which is what you'll pay for.  If you're looking for a compact camera for your home or business, I'd suggest the Panasonic Lumix GF-200 (I have mine for both purposes). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works great, very sturdy, very good price.  It has been a pleasure to use.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Panasonic G3 so I needed a battery to charge the camera. I have used several battery banks, all of which work fine.  However, I found that this Panasonic battery works best with my Panasonic G5.  The Panasonic G6 battery works fine but I would not risk buying a Panasonic battery with the same capacity.  I bought this Panasonic Panasonic battery because it is a Panasonic product and because it's a Panasonic brand.  It is definitely worth it.  Don't be fooled by cheap batteries, they all work fine, but they all will not hold a charge for as long as this Panasonic will.  In fact, this Panasonic does hold a very small charge even though it's small.  This is a small battery, so you will be able to take it with you in any situation.  You won't be left with any excess battery when you run out of juice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a nice addition to the PDA I use.  I am sure that the small size is not to be overlooked.  The only negative review is that I have to turn it off everytime I want to use my printer.  It would be nice if the buttons were closer together.  This would give me more time to do what I want and not be wasting time with the "off" button.  But I guess you have to pay for a little convenience 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an awesome product, I use it on my computer every day and it has been very well designed and easy to use.  It is easy to find the connection point and the product is well made.  I am extremely satisfied with this product and I recommend it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this case for my Dell XPS 13.  It is a great case.  The design is great and the size fits very well.  There are a few areas where the case could be better, but I like it.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works like a charm and it has a nice design.  I would buy again if I needed another one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to replace my defective CD player which I had left in the car for several months.  It worked perfectly.  The only problem was the manual (which I still don't know how to use) said the CD player needed a CD player to work.  I thought the CD players in the new cars would have that built in feature, but it seems like they don't, so I had to put the CD on the player itself 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works well with my Mac and my HP laptop.  It does a great job for the price and it's easy to use.  I've been a user of other products and am very pleased with this one.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These were just what I needed to get my Mac to play media files.  Very convenient to use, good sound and easy setup 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. I have an 8MB memory card that has an RF transmitter built into it.  It works great with the antenna included in the package.  This card has a built in radio that works great, and it comes with a small RF cable to attach to the antenna!  It is well worth the money.  I use this product in my business and would not hesitate to buy another one if I needed to do it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these for my DVD and CDs. They work well.  They come with a lot of options, but the price is very reasonable.  I will buy from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife to use on her laptop.  I have been using it for a few months now and it has performed wonderfully.  Great price and shipping!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound, the price and the price is a steal.  I have an mp3 player and the CD player was just a little scratchy, but it was still acceptable.  The headphones are comfortable, the noise cancelling is great, the microphone is a nice feature 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well, works like a charm.  Good price for a cheap item.  You can't go wrong with this one.  I don't see the difference between the two brands, they both have the same features.  So far, so good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works great and the price was right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because it was advertised as having a built in power supply for use with the Canon 6D. It does. It's just the right size and weight for my use and it was easy to use.  I like the sound and the battery life is a great bonus. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this cable to plug in my Panasonic DVD player to my receiver.  The receiver does not have a built-in tuner so I had to hook up a second one.  If I wanted to watch something I could use my TV remote.  It is a little fiddly to use but it is worth the extra effort to have a second receiver with an optical input 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a little bit expensive, but it works.  The only thing that was a little annoying was the cable that came with it, but I didn't buy the full length because the one that came included was just too short.  I was able to cut it a little longer and it worked.  It works fine for the price.  If you are looking for something to store a couple of USB flash drives in then this product is for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has the perfect amount of grip and is easy to install. It's easy to use and has the ability to adjust volume to the level you want. The only negative is that the antenna is quite small, and is easily broken if you do not hold the antenna properly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. I will buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables for my TV because they were cheap, I wanted a quick way to connect my iPod to my receiver so I could watch Netflix.  They work! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best DVD player I have ever owned. I have owned several of them over the past two years and they are still working great. They are also very quiet. The sound is excellent and the disc player itself is well designed. I am very pleased with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great, very fast, works well, and does exactly what it says it does.  I've had to use two cards for two different machines 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing. It's super easy to use, and it does everything I need to.  It is very sturdy and works well.  You will never need to buy another item again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this TV for a friend who had a small TV.  I was very pleased with the picture and sound.  The picture is sharp, color is accurate, the picture is bright and the sound is a big improvement.  My wife loves the picture with the dark backgrounds and she can see the small TV all the way in the room.  It also helps to be able to watch TV on the side table and it gives a great view of the TV in the kitchen.  Definitely recommend this TV.Great price and good value. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great.  The only complaint I have is that they do not have an included DVD player in the box.  They have a separate case with one player, but they do include one player with a DVD player inside the case.  Overall a great product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has provided a nice little power boost for my laptop and the product works very well.  It also provides an option for additional memory if you have enough hard drive space to spare.  I am a student who is always using Windows XP and I like to have a lot of memory.  The extra memory allows me to run an extra program without taking up much space on the hard drive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are nice.  They are a little bigger than the speakers I normally use at work.  The volume is very good.  I was a little worried when I first bought them because they were in a new location and the speaker wire had to be adjusted to be able to use the amp with the supplied microphone.  But they worked perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my wife to use on her ipod. She liked it. It's not very heavy, but it does fit her. The battery lasts a long time. It is small and compact.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a small mp3 player, but don't expect it to last very long. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! I was worried that the battery wouldn't last long since it's not that small, but it's still more than I expected. The only problem is that the cable that comes with it is a little too short for my taste.  I bought the longer one and it works perfectly.  Don't waste your money on anything less than a 1000 mAh battery! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was worried that my new TV would not have the ability to view my network's content, but not this time.  I could set up my home theater, and when I was watching the channels on my TV, the remote control would bring up a screen showing the channel's logo.  It was the easiest to use and looked great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this with my Panasonic DVD player.  The sound was very clear.  If you want a quieter system, this is great.  You can turn it up to a nice high volume level.  It is definitely louder than the sound coming out of the player. I will buy another if they ever come out again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is sturdy and has enough protection for the phone.   It's a great buy for the money and a great way to protect your phone while you are traveling.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an inexpensive wireless microphone that can be used to record voice over the internet.  You don't have to carry around any gear, just plug it in to your PC and you are ready to go!  I have a PC with Windows XP Home Edition and it took me about 5 minutes to find and set it up.  It works well, and there are no problems with the software.  The sound is clear and clear, and the microphone is very sturdy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an excellent electronic device.  It is small enough to fit in the trunk of your car.  The unit has a nice clear picture and sound.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for all my gaming laptops and it is absolutely awesome.  The only thing I would say is that they don't have as many options as the last generation but if you want to get to the next level then you will be glad to know that this is a great option.  I also like the fact that they have an on/off switch as opposed to the previous generation's mute switch. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this as a replacement for my SONY PDA and it works perfectly! I am impressed with the build quality and ease of use of this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter and I really like it.  I like that the product is easy to use and it is very small.  It is a nice electronic device to have and I recommend it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine, but not a full size TV.  But it does work, and the price is reasonable 
