Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to connect my DVD player to my computer.  It is an OK product.  But it does not have the ability to handle both DVD and MP3.  I was able to connect to my DVD with my other device, but the sound quality was much worse.  Overall, the sound is ok, but not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a new user of the product, I purchased it as a replacement for my last Canon MP3 player which broke down.  The sound quality is great, but the product is extremely fragile.  This is the third one I have had broken in my lifetime, and it is definitely not the same one that broke my previous two, which was a Canon product.  If you do not care about this, go buy something else, I'm sorry, but this product is not worth the price it is selling for.  It will be a big problem if Canon doesn't have something similar to this in the future, because this is a major pain in the ass to return 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to see if it was any good. I was disappointed when it started playing some MP3s at full speed. I expected a decent product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product hoping to get it working on my network.  I'm pretty sure I wasted my money, as it never worked.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work at all.  If I have the same one I had in the past, I would return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Dell Inspiron 1000 had a bad optical drive.  It would sometimes hang up or just stop functioning altogether.  The only way to get it to work again is to return it and buy a new one.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this mouse for almost two months and it is now on its last legs.  I've tried all the brands and none of them work for me.  It is very frustrating to have to constantly update software for the mouse.  The software crashes and the mouse is useless.  If this is a problem with the mouse, I suggest you consider a different mouse 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony S2V4. It has a very small size, so when you're recording in it you need to have the rest of your equipment at least as big as your camera, otherwise you'll get the black and white stripes on the screen.I thought this would be a great product to use, and it was, until it started recording in the car, and the quality got awful. It only took me 2 minutes to reset it, and now the picture quality is horrible!  I bought the cheapest item, and I won't be using Sony again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recieved my new CD player which is defective. The unit was delivered in good condition, but after some use, I notice that the sound is distorted. The manufacturer's support line does not help me any more.  If you don't know what you're doing, don't buy this product. It will be a complete waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not a real printer.  It uses the same type of ink cartridge.  My ink was running out so fast I had to buy a new cartridge.The scanner works well but the ink cartridges is expensive and it takes a while to print anything.  I will not buy this printer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst product I have ever bought.  It did not work on the first try 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not the type of person who cares for the looks and is very picky with this stuff.  I bought the Canon EOS 5D Mk2 and the case was just as big and it looked awesome.  Then I realized I needed the case because I had no room to put it in.  The case is very uncomfortable to hold and it's not adjustable to keep the camera secure.  Don't buy this unless you are willing to spend some money and have the room to adjust it.  It's a waste of money.  Get a case from Amazon if you want a nicer case.  You won't regret buying this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for 4 years. The product has not performed as expected.  If you want to use this product, be prepared to spend a lot of money.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product to install my new laptop, but I did not use it. The first thing I did was to open it up and remove the battery. The next thing I tried to do was to plug it in to my old laptop which has the same type of battery, so I could see what the battery life was.  The new battery was obviously much more expensive and I had no idea if it would work properly.I was very disappointed with the new battery.  I'm afraid to buy a new battery again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my product and it was as described.  But when I tried to boot the system, the system was stuck at the "Welcome" screen and it would not reboot.  The system worked fine with my other CD burner.  I returned the unit for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use my DVD player.  It worked for a while.  But when I started recording, it would stop.  Then it would go back and start recording again.  I tried all sorts of things, and no one seemed to help.  They did not even give me any sort of suggestions.  Finally I called customer service and they suggested that I return the player.It was in a box with the batteries inside.  So I sent it back, and the box came with the battery pack, which I put in and it worked fine.  What a waste of my time.  Don't waste your money on this, unless you're willing to replace the battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife for her laptop, and the picture quality was so-so.  The buttons on the side don't respond to the arrow keys, so I have to use the mouse.  I had to use a lot of software to get it to work with Windows Vista and the mouse drivers on the CD.  For the price, I would not recommend this for a personal laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because it was advertised as having better performance than my old model. However, the card I received did not work properly, i.e. I was able to write a positive review about an electronic device (software) was broken.  I returned it and received a refund, but I will never buy another from HP again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product on Amazon.com and it was supposed to come with an 8GB SD card. I found out that the card does not come with one. The 8GB card only has 4.5GB of space. Amazon.COM says the card is compatible with SD cards up to 128MB in size 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this card thinking it would be a better choice for my needs, however after the first day I had to return it and get another.I can not say enough bad reviews about this card.  i have to buy a new one. i was hoping it would have better battery life. i bought a Samsung 64GB SD for it, which has twice the capacity, but this card is useless unless it is in my laptop's slot.i bought another brand of card, which is a Kingston 64GB.this one is much better.the only positive review I can give this card would be to get something else, since its the same exact card but its price is much cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for an iPod dock for my iPod, but I didn't want to buy the extra cost of an iPod dock, because I was expecting the dock to hold my iPod and my MP3 player, so I decided to purchase an external mp3 player dock instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with the latest Windows XP. It is a known problem with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with the product because the picture quality was so bad.  I have a Canon Rebel and I had to return it.  This product is very flaky.  If you want a picture quality that will keep your eyes on the screen you will want to avoid this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought the case and received it within 4 days.  But when I opened the case it started to smell and the case itself started to crack.  I returned it and got a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Toshiba laptop with an HP laptop dock. I wanted a way to plug my HP laptop into the HP dock and use it as a wireless router. I decided to buy the HP docking station from Amazon.  After using it for a couple of weeks, I got the impression that it could actually be a better option to just buy the laptop separately.  I now find HP's docking station to be very unreliable and hard to use.  In fact, HP's website says that the HP Dock can't support HP products with an ECC license, so I now need to buy an HP ECC licensed product (with an HP dock). I'm not recommending HP products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am returning this unit for a refund. I got one with a bad battery, not worth the money and a lot of hassle to get it replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very flaky. I would not recommend it.  The sound is OK, but the speakers don't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in the process of upgrading from my HP Deskjet 64 to the HP DeskJet Pro 64, so I decided to try it out first.  I was a little disappointed with the lack of a web interface (as I am a user of both HP WebClip and HP ePrinting Services) and the fact that the product only supported 32MB of ink and the HP scanner software would not let me choose which ink to use.  In addition, I am not sure if the HP scanners have any support for the newer HP ink cartridges (which have a better flow) than the HP ink that comes with the product.  The HP ink cartridge that I purchased did not fit well with the scanner.  So, in addition to upgrading to the Pro 64 that I can use the scanner with, I'll be trying out the 64MB HP ink with the HP Web Clip, which does have a web site interface. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to connect to my router and to my MP3 player and have had problems with both of these units. The router gets overloaded and then the player or my laptop gets jammed.  My suggestion to anyone is to get a wireless card that can handle the bandwidth needed by your router.  I have a Linksys WRT-4300 that is less than a quarter of the cost of this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work in my computer, at all.  I tried it with Windows XP and it did not work.  No matter what I tried, it would not boot up.  Don't waste your money.  You will waste your time if you buy this card.  It is a complete rip off from the other cheap cards that are similar.  If you want to play DVDs and CDs, buy the Realtek PDA cards 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is good but the sound is terrible.  I have to turn off my iPod and leave it on all the time to get it to work.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product since December 2004 and have yet to have a single problem with it. However, I am now thinking of switching to another brand. I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I have about this DVD player is that the DVD player worked for only a few minutes before it quit.  Other than that, it was a decent buy.  I'm now looking at an Amazon Firebird because I think Amazon is cheaper. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had two of these, both now sitting unused.  One is no longer functional.  The other works only in very dim lighting, so don't waste your money.  I recommend going with a Sony or Panasonic product.  Amazon does not carry either of these products.  Don't waste my money on these products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not very easy to use and I will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product within a few days of ordering, but it was only about a month before the item was shipped.  I used the included manual and it was clear that it was not supposed to be plugged into the wall.  However, it is now so that I can't unplug the unit without leaving a mess behind.  The unit has a very small fan that whines in the case of excessive airflow and I've had to stop using the fan to cool the unit to minimize the dust.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product and it did not work.  I am not sure why it did.  It was very difficult to use the product.  Not sure if it was a problem with the product, or it was the case itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has been discontinued and replaced with the new HP Media Dock, which has an RFID card slot, which allows for transfer of photos to and from the HP desktop printer.  The HP Media Port is still available in select HP stores for $15.00 (includes shipping) which includes a 20-pin card reader which allows you to access all of your photos stored on the HP Media Hub in any computer.  This is a great feature to have, but it is expensive for such a small product.  I am now considering the Canon C500HP, which is a tiny, wireless printer with a built in card reader 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product worked well for an inexpensive product, but did not last as well as expected.  I returned the unit because it is not an automatic device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to have an HP printer that worked with all ink cartridges.  It had the ink reservoir marked in centimeters.  So I needed to find out how to measure the ink in milliliters 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first few times I had to use this antenna it worked OK, but not much. The more I used it, the worse it was. It didn't work in all areas of the FM radio, the reception was just awful. I had better results with the other antenna at the store. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a new Toshiba Z9A that I am using with a Mac.  The original one died on me and I had to buy another one.  I was not very happy with the original battery, so I went to Amazon to see if I could get a better battery, which I did.  Unfortunately, I did not get a replacement.  Since then, the battery has quit working.  It now only lasts for about a month, which is unacceptable when I consider that it's only about a dollar a month.  What is really annoying is that the battery does not last the entire time that it is on the laptop.  On average, the laptop will turn on the battery for about 1-2 hours.  My battery lasts from 6 months to 1 year, which would not last very long.  Amazon did a poor job with their customer service, so if you do not get your battery replaced by Amazon, Amazon will NOT replace it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries did not last at all.  The battery would be dead within 10 to 15 days.  Do NOT buy these batteries unless you want to use them only for a short time.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was sent as advertised, but the packaging was not very well constructed and the product did not fit my iPod.  I would not purchase this product again.  The price of this item is great, but I would NOT RECOMMEND it for use on my iPod 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery in this model is not rechargeable. The product description says that this product can be recharged via USB port on the car. I will not purchase this product because it lacks the capability to charge batteries. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my product on the day after the expected delivery date of October 10th, 2006.  The CD-R was a piece of junk.  I had to return it.   I will never buy any other brand of CD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does the job of putting the TV on and off, but if you want to use the TV to change channels or browse the channels on your PC, it is not a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for my iPod Nano.  It would sometimes work and sometimes not.  You may get it to work sometimes and sometimes it will not.So it is a no-go for the nano.  The iPod case is not comfortable to hold and is not as sturdy as it could be 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned an HP Elite Laser printer for over 10 years.  The ink is ok but not as strong as other brands I've had.  After a few months the ink in my copybook started to disappear.  HP did a great job of shipping me replacement cartridges but this one didn't last.  It broke and is now out of warranty.  Don't buy HP ink if you plan to use it as a replacement for another brand.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not very reliable, and it is a hassle to replace batteries. I got this as a gift and now it is being returned to Amazon because of a dead battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money, not worth the hassle of return.  Do not waste your time and money on this.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description says that the earphones can work with both earphones and the phone, but I did not get any confirmation of that when I purchased them.  The sound quality is fine, but the product description makes the claim that the phones have a volume control which is very limited, so you will need to use the volume to the max to hear anything.  If you are using the phone for phone calls, the earpieces may be too loud.  I had to use ear buds and listen to the phone on speaker for the phone to work.  Don't waste your money, don't buy these unless you can get the phone part that works with them, and if you want to use them, buy a cheaper brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have any problems with my cd player but I have found that it doesn't work with my Panasonic VXA1 mp3 player. I have to use the optical disc player which has no problem. I just don't know why it doesn' t work with this player. The player is a Sony CD player so it probably has an update on the player.I have a Sony DVD player which works fine. I'm sure it's a Sony design problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use with my Mac, but the case is too small.  The sound quality is ok, but it would be nice to have some extra room to put the speakers or maybe a small microphone, just to be sure they don't get in the way when you're playing music 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is OK, but the TV itself is very slow in receiving any signal. I think it is due to the antenna, not the TV. It is sooooooo slow that I can't even play DVD's on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this because it's cheaper than its competitors. I had my car radio set to FM and couldn't even use the FM tuner. I returned it. I got a different radio from Amazon that works just as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two of these, and have to admit that the antenna is fine for reception in my bedroom but when it's outside, the signal is quite weak.  My wife and I both think the antenna has a bad antenna!  I think it's a very bad electronic item, but I don't know how to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This printer is terrible. It has a few options that work well, but there are none that can print well. I purchased it because of the print speed, and it is not good enough to print with. I had to return it. I also tried several brands and have not had any of them print well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones are uncomfortable to wear.  Don't waste your money on these 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the iPod dock.  The dock is very uncomfortable to use and is quite heavy.  However, I'm a novice, and the headphones are just not as comfortable as I'd like.  I'm replacing it with an iPod nano and will report on the differences in a negative book review:  The headphones have an annoying buzzing sound.  You can turn off the "airflow" feature to stop it, but it won't help much if you have earbuds in.   I think they have a lot to do with the iPod, but I'm not so sure. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable to play my iPod and I had to put it in my pocket to make it work.  My first iPod (that I had not even bought) started to randomly stop and play at least once a month, which is not acceptable.  The sound is not bad, it's just the software has problems with it, and it was impossible for me to find a solution to fix it.  I have not bought anything from Amazon in the past couple of years. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because it looked nice and was cheaper than other brands.  It is not a good mouse.  The buttons do not work very well.  I am sure it has something to do with the rubber coating, but I haven't had any luck finding a better mouse for this price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is ok if you have an old, cheap TV, but if you want to be able to watch the digital signal on the bigger, new TV's this is not a great cable. The TV's in the picture have to be turned off and on every 5-7 seconds to get the signal.  Don't waste your money on this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player itself is OK, but when it comes to the wireless connection, it's just not that great.  I have the same one that came with the tv and it works just fine.  The problem is that the player does not support wireless connections with the Sony DVD player receiver.  So if you have one with it, you can't use it with the TV.  It will have to be replaced.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this player at Wal-Mart. The box is well made, but the player is a piece of junk.  It is a lot of plastic and very flimsy.  The sound is so poor that it is practically useless.  I tried to send it back, but my wife and I thought it was a bad book player.  If it has a decent sound, I would return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and was not pleased with the performance of this product.  The picture quality is great, but the sound quality is terrible.  I have owned an iPod touch and have had the same problems.  It does not produce clear sound, but it is much better than the iPod touch.  However, the iPod mini has much better battery life, and it is easier to use the product.This product is not worth the money.  In my opinion, I wouldn't buy this product if you want to get the iPod nano because it is a lot cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player thinking it was a good deal, but when I played a CD from it I found that it wouldn't play any music at all. I tried a different model, and it worked perfectly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned this product.  The picture quality is not great.  I am using a Canon 70D and it is not compatible with this product!  It has to be the first of its kind.  We will never use another one again.  Please don't buy it if you are thinking about purchasing one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my laptop, and after a couple of months it is starting to fade away. I have had it for a month and it is now a complete mess. It has a big problem with battery life.  Don't buy this, if you can find a better option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am returning this product because it does not work with my HP printer. The software does not provide the option to use it. It also requires a printer driver to be installed. I am using a HP ink cartridge with the printer. I will not be ordering any HP products from HP again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this product because it was cheaper than the original iMac, and it has an eject button, which is nice.  But it's very noisy.  I was very disappointed in this product.  It is very difficult to eject the CDs when they get into the case, and I have no idea how to fix this.  The case has a small opening in the side where the eject button is located, which allows the CD to get jammed.  For example, if you push the button with a ton of force, the CD may pop out the side.  Overall, the product is not worth the money.  If you are looking for a product with a large capacity, and a compact design, then this is not it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD-R player has very low sound quality.  It is very weak compared to the CD-RW player I had on the shelf.  If you're looking for a CD-ROM player, this is probably not the best choice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get the original battery for $3.49 from Amazon.  I've seen Amazon and Amazon.com discount coupons for the original batteries.  Amazon's discount for the replacement battery is even more ridiculous than the original.  The battery is only 20% of what you could get with the original one, and you have to pay shipping to get it back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok. the buttons don't work. you have to use a paper clip to turn them on and off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player did not work with the iPod nano.  I tried to connect it to the laptop and the computer said it could not be detected.  It is a real pity since this is an iPod and not an iPod touch. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poor product. I don't even use it for anything. I have had to replace the batteries twice. It is very hard to get the batteries out, especially if you're trying to put them into the case to protect the machine. The batteries that came with the case are not even close to being strong enough to hold the machine, let alone the batteries inside. I just wish I hadn't bought this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I received this product it was shipped to my house and the first use I had the unit broke.  I returned it to Amazon for a replacement.  It is not the fault of Amazon.  The product was sent to Amazon to fulfill a defective shipment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not the worst product i have ever purchased, but it has some problems.1. The software is not up to date  2. The sound is not as loud as the others, and it does not have the same effect as the HP DVD+2000.The first one is because of the software, and the second one is a hardware problem. The first one I am going to return 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4.8.1.1 (NTSC), and it is a complete failure on other devices. I've been very disappointed with this product. It is an absolute hassle to return and buy another product, and I am very very disappointed in the service I have received from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product. I've used it twice now and both times it's broken. I tried to return it for a refund but Amazon won't refund a bad item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say, I am really disappointed with the sound of this thing. It's OK for watching movies, but it's not great for the home theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this antenna for my wife's new Dell notebook.  After 2 weeks it has stopped transmitting.    I returned it and bought another brand.  The new one works fine, but is twice the cost 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can do better. I would recommend that if you have a cd player that has a digital device with an antenna, this product is not for you. If you have an older radio that has an antenna built into the radio, you will be more than likely fine.  If you want to use this product on a new radio, it's a lot better. The antenna is very small and hard to use and the sound quality is poor. I bought this to use as a digital player for my radio that was missing an antenna. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will get frustrated and give up on a good electronic device if you are having trouble with the power supply.  I had no problems, but the AC adapter is no longer listed as an option on Amazon, so I bought the "universal power cord".  Don't buy it unless you have a need for it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy this because the speakers are too small. The sound is pretty decent, but not good enough to play DVD's, especially if you have to turn up the volume. The speakers don't even come close to the quality of the Denon's speakers. Don't waste your money on this unless you want a pair of speakers that can actually get loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am now out of 2.1s.  The only one I have left that is working is one that I received with a different serial number from the one that was damaged. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to hold my iPod and it is absolutely useless for the purpose.  If you want to play MP3s, iTunes, etc., this is great.  I've tried other iPod cases, but they don't hold my ipod.  But this one is totally useless.  The case is so small that if you move your finger a few inches from the case, the mp3 player will not go back.  My only suggestion is to get a bigger case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived in less than 3 days after purchase and then stopped functioning. I called customer service and they suggested I send it back.  I have not received a replacement.  Amazon's customer service is terrible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money, no signal reception, need to purchase a more expensive antenna.  I got it because of the price and the reviews I saw.  It is a waste of money.  Not sure if I'm getting the best reception with my current antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not an exact replacement for the CD player, but it is a better buy for $8.99 instead of the CD-IIS, which is more expensive.  However, you cannot use the optical output for your CD player because it is only connected to the computer via the USB cable.  So if you have a CD player that outputs DVD, this is not the product for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted an iPod dock with a USB slot for my laptop. I have it hooked up to my laptop, and it is now very uncomfortable to use.  I have to turn it all the way up every time I want to use my iPod. I can't take it off unless I want it to be off. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so disappointed with this product.  I did not buy this because it was a good price, but I now have to return it because it did not work at all.  It does not come with any instruction manuals.  So if you are buying this, make sure you get the manual and read it.  Otherwise, you will be lost and will never know what you are doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible product, it doesn't work with any DVD, it has terrible sound, and the only reason it is available is because of the stupid consumer.  Buy something else if you want a DVD player that works with any standard DVD.  If you want to buy a $10 item, go for something like this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had several of these memory cards.  The first time I used them, I had to take the battery out of the slot to reset the system.  In another case, I got a warning from Microsoft about a memory card that was defective.  It turns out the problem is that the slot is not closed all the way.  So now I have to keep opening the slot and checking that the slots are all the same.  I also have to take out the battery to reset all the settings in the system 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this item because of the problem of the power on/off switches.  I had an AC adapter that worked with this unit, and I had to turn it off in order to use the keyboard.  Don't waste your money on this.  It would not work with my new Dell S2440L, because it has an "off" switch that works with the "on" switch. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife, and it did work.  I couldnt even get it to work on my computer, and now I have to get it replaced because it isnt working anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item that I purchased, the only item it could be, it broke after a month of usage.  The product was purchased with a warranty, and was sent back to me after I complained about the broken item.  I'm not happy with this item, so I'm looking for something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am sorry to say that I will be returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this cable for a few months and it does work.  However, it does NOT have a power supply.  I need a power connector with a 5 volt power supply!  I'm hoping this is an option that can be purchased with a power cord 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You really shouldn't buy this if you plan on playing CDs and DVDs. The sound is not that great, and the player itself is not sturdy enough to hold your CD or DVD.The player also has an optical jack that is only a 6-pin plug. This is not really a deal breaker, but it is annoying that the jack can only be used so many times and so cheaply, it is just a shame that they did not include a 6 pin power adapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this product hoping it would improve the sound and picture quality of my computer.  I bought the original brand case (no fan) for my laptop.  Since then it has become obvious that this is a case, not an amplifier.  The speakers and earphones have been noisy and the fans have been making an annoying racket.  What I don't like is that it has two power options: On and Off.  On-off is more convenient, but it also requires you to constantly flip the power switch to turn it on.  It is also a hassle to unplug and plug the power cable to turn off the computer.I don't want to pay for a case that doesn't work well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this for my iPod, but I don't use the charger for it. The case is cheap, so I have had it for a year now and it still doesn't charge. I'm going to be looking for a better case with more features. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work well with the Panasonic LQ100.  If you have a LQ1000 and need a spare player, this is not the one for you.  The LQ10 is the only one that is compatible with this camera, and that is the LQ3000.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased other CD's from HP. They are fine.  However, they do not hold the memory on my notebook, and I have to take my CD to the tech support to have it fixed.  I'm now buying a new HP product because they do have the memory for my notebook. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried several other brands and none have worked as well as the Sony brand.  They are more expensive but work just as well.  Don't waste your money on this one unless you are willing to buy a new Sony product.  I returned mine and they were replaced.  Do not waste your time on this Sony product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased the product for a number of items and never received the product.  The company has never returned the item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get what you pay for, don't buy it. The software for the unit is not user friendly. It is a mess to use.  You will have to go to the manufacturer's website to download the software to use this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had many other Sony products and I have not had a bad one.  This one just isn't very reliable.  If you have an older model with more than about 100MB of video, this one will not be able to handle that.  It will just stall your computer.  You have to buy another one with a better design and a bigger capacity!  If Sony had come up with a product that would have performed better than this one, I'd be very happy.  I am returning this product to Sony and have never purchased another one from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this DVD burner for about 15 years now, and it has never worked well with my DVD player. I thought I had bought the correct one when I got it. I tried using it with my Panasonic DVD player and it burned up the player and burned my new DVD in the same way 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item in December.  I've had it only a couple of weeks and it's already broken.  The software is in the same folder as the software I use for the DVD player.  It will not work without changing the folder and it will not play DVDs or VHS tapes.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used these to store and play DVDs for about three months now.  They are extremely slow and unreliable.  Don't buy these.  It is a waste of money to waste your time buying these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased this item, and have received it on time, but my problems started immediately after the first use.  The product would not fit my computer, I had to use a small rubber band to hold it up, and I had trouble using the software to locate the printer in the case.  It's not a big deal, it's just the first time I have used a printer that I don't have a case for, I'm sure I'll get it repaired 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is terrible, I couldn't hear the sound of the music, the volume is way too low and the remote is extremely uncomfortable to use.  Don't buy this product.  I got it for my wife to listen to music at the beach but it broke the very first time we used it.  She is very disappointed in it.I don't think it is possible to have a radio without the remote because it is a great piece of electronic device, but the sound quality is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is NOT what it's advertised to be, in fact it is not even close to being a product.  The product I received had the battery dead.  I called Sony and they said they would send me a new battery, I don't know if it was sent or not.  It could be that they have not sent me the correct one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was not made for an HD display, i did not know until after i had purchased the product and installed. i did however get it to work with my iBook and my Macbook, so i guess it is good for something. i am not sure why it only works with Macs and not all PCs, and i am very dissapointed that it only has 1 USB port. i wish i had bought an HD card, at least i can use it for something other than a graphics card. i would recommend iFixit's HD card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card with a Canon FDX5200 camera.  It did not work with Canon's software.  I tried it on a Canon EOS 5D Mark III.  The camera worked fine.  Problem was, it was a Canon-brand card and not Canon's generic brand.  That is what caused the software not to work with the camera.I am a Canon user and it is very frustrating to get such a card not to function properly.  You must know that when you buy a Canon card that it will be Canon branded 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  I did not receive any sound from this product.  It did however work with my iPod, but I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I was on a short timer, I didn't want to have to plug it in every 30 seconds.  It is not.  The cord is so thin that it gets in the way of your hand.  I don't know how it is possible that this thing could hold a lot of power, and I have had it for about a month and it is still not charging my Mac.  This product does not work.  Buy something else.  If it was just a matter of cost, I would have gladly paid a little more to get a better product.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not found any improvement in sound quality over the cd player that I have been using for 10 years. The radio is a lot louder and you can't hear the disc if it's playing. I will not be buying this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product to use as a wireless remote control in my car.  It worked for a little while, but then I lost the connection to it.  I think the battery is probably going to die in about a month.  If you plan to use it to control a DVD player in your car, I suggest you buy something better.  The DVD player needs to have a separate remote for it. I've been looking for such a product for a long time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a very big player, but not worth the $50, unless you really want the big sound quality.  I have two of them and one is on the other end of my house, and the one in the garage gets the job done just fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this product because it doesn't work.  The first time I used it I connected to my Mac through a wired connection only to find out the Mac OSX system couldn't handle the file type.  I returned it because it was faulty.  Don't waste your money on this product.  It doesn't support any sort of encryption, so it's useless for protecting your files.  Buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory stick for my personal use, and I can't find any good reviews about it.  The only positive review I have about this memory card is that the included DVD burner is good.  I use the player every day and still have to use the memory stick to burn the DVDs, so I have no complaints about the memory card.  However, the memory sticks do not work with Windows XP or Windows Vista, so if you have XP installed on your computer, you may want to consider using an external burner for your DVDs.  There is a reason why you have to burn DVD's to this memory, and that reason is to protect the player from burning a bad DVD if your DVD burner fails.  If you're looking for a good memory card to keep your personal use of the player, I suggest an Apple Pro DVD-RW burner.  Apple sells the player for about $30, so it's not as expensive as the others I listed, but the player is worth it if you want to protect it from failing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a cheap mp3 player and after reading the reviews, I thought this would be a great buy.  It was a little pricey, however, it was not the right one for me.  I have a Sony mp3 and a Toshiba DVD player.  The Sony mp4 is a little too loud and in general it's a little louder.  My Toshiba player, however is great.   I wish Toshiba would put out more of them and Sony would sell them more at a lower price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself is ok.  The software and drivers are not, however.  I am using a Windows XP Home Server (and thus have no internet access) and have the following issues:1) the product has a tendency to hang up when you are downloading and installing the drivers, as the installer tries to use more than one of them.2) the software cannot find the software on your hard drive (if you have a dual boot system with Windows XP and XP Home) because the Windows XP installation program does not provide a search path to find the drivers.3) the automatic reboot is slow, sometimes very slow, and sometimes completely unresponsive.4) when the program is unresponsive, the automatic restart option will not reset the product (it will keep trying to restart even though the system is unplugged)5) when rebooting the system from a bad install, sometimes the product can lock up for a good 20 seconds, so when the system reboots, it won't go back to where it was unplugging and unpluggng.  In order to avoid this problem, I uninstalled the software and installed the product again and now I have a complete mess of an upgrade from the one I used in the first place 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product from Amazon. I was hoping it would be of better quality than the ones that I had. Unfortunately, it is a complete failure!  I'm not going to waste my money on another one, as it's already been wasted 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this antenna to have a clear picture and reception.  Unfortunately the antenna was a total failure.  The reception was very weak.  I had to change the antenna several times and it never worked again.  If you don't use it then don't expect it to work.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed when I found out that the internal memory card I bought didn't work with this player. I contacted Amazon and they said that the card was defective. I'm glad I didn't buy the one they gave me, because the internal card works fine. I'll be returning it and buying something else instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because the old one had a scratchy screen. It was a mistake, as it is now. Don't buy this product unless you know what you're doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a poorly made card, it will never play CDs. the player itself is ok, the CD player is a different story. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure why this product isnt being sold in stores.  You can't even try it before you purchase.  I would not buy it from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was defective.  It is supposed to be a 5v DC power supply that provides 5v for the TV's battery, but there was none left to power the TV.  There was a slight hint of overloading, but it is not clear yet what the cause is.  The TV is now a complete failure.  I have given up on the TV for a second time.  Don't buy this product if you are thinking about buying another.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my Canon PowerShot SD40 with the wrong memory.  The "regular" memory works fine.  But the new one is useless.  It can only record and burn pictures.  I'm sorry but I cannot accept a bad memory, even if I get a new one.  This product has made my camera unusable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a joke. It has all of the capacity of a 120MB card, but has a limit of only 1GB.  It is so slow that you can barely use the card for anything other than browsing.  I will never buy another Panasonic product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very weak product. I have had to replace it several times and each time the item has failed and I have wasted the money.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because of the ability to record audio to SD.  The product does not work very well.  It is too slow to record.  I have to turn it off and on every 30 seconds or so.  And when it works, it is VERY loud.  If you have a car stereo with an internal CD player, this product does work.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card doesn't work with my laptop.  I am using a Netgear router and the card has to be unplugged from the router to use it.  If you use the card in the router it will not recognize it and will stop doing its thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is junk.  It has a very low signal strength and is very sensitive to interference.  I wouldn't waste your money on this.  Try a different antenna! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this cable is not made of the same type of plastic as the ones in the other reviews, it's thicker and feels flimsy.  i purchased this cable because i wanted to get rid of the bulky, bulkier 1.5m cables that my other products require.i would not recommend this cable for anyone who wants to use it on their computer without the support of an external power supply.  this product is a complete and utter waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had this product for 2 months and have had it for less than that.  I am trying to get it repaired at Best Buy.  The picture is not that great.  Not worth the money to me.  Hopefully it can be repaired at the store 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these ear buds because they looked good, but I was disappointed to find they didn't work with my Sony MDR-1A headphones.  The ear buds worked fine with my old MDR1D ear buds.  I am not sure why the Sony MVR-1X ear buds don't work for Sony headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a total piece of junk.  There are so many of them, and it has so many problems.  I have seen over half of the cards in my car break in the first year.  The cards do not work in all of my vehicles.  Some of them won't even work in certain cars.  It is a waste of your money.  Don't waste your money on this card.  Buy something better.  If you want to get rid of this one, buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the $. I bought these because of the reputation, but they were poorly made, and the sound is very poor. I have tried all the cables and adapters that are out there, and have yet to find one that can fit my iPod.I will not buy these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get much better ones at Amazon.  The Philips ones that I had worked for a long time.  Don't bother, don't buy these.  They are junk.  Save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this cable because it was an Amazon sale. It is a great idea, but you will have to spend a bit more to get something that is better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because I needed it for my ipod and I was expecting it to be just a regular headphone.  It is not! I have it in the car, I use it everyday, it does not fit.  If you need a portable, this is a bad purchase.  I have a few other headphones that fit just fine, the one I have this does not.  In addition, I have to spend extra money to replace the rubber ear tips because of the cheap rubber that this item is made of.  So it is just a very bad electronic item.  Don't waste your money on it, buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does work, but the antenna does not work well in the car. The car radio is set to receive all FM stations, so I would suggest going to FM instead of AM. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my CD player in the mail today.  Unfortunately, it is NOT compatible with any of the iPods I have.  I will not be replacing it.  If you're looking for a CD player to use with iPods, go with an iPod that is not compatible with the iPod Mini.  This one is NOT!  It would be a shame to waste a good electronic device just because it is incompatible with iPod products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to protect my new Macbook from scratches and other damage.  It's ok but it's not the best.  You'll need to buy something better if you want to protect your new Mac.  I'd recommend something better like the "Titan" cases that are available from Amazon and Amazon.com. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an OK product.  However, if you want a case for the ipod that has an LCD, don't buy this.  The case for this unit is very thin.  It will not hold your ipod if you try to put it in the case.  So don't even bother with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item hoping that it would be an improvement over my previous one, but it is not.  It is, in fact, the same product.  I bought this for my wife who is on a Macbook and has had to replace her previous product with this one because it would not turn on.  In addition, I now have to spend an extra $50 for a replacement unit, which I am sure is more than I would have saved had I purchased a new product. I hope Apple will address this product in a future revision 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a nice piece of plastic, but it just doesn't hold a charge.  I have tried all kinds of things and none worked.  If you are thinking of using this product, don't buy it!  It will only hold about 4.2 volts, and will die in about 15-20 minutes of use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like this product.  It has been almost a year since I've used this product and still have not received any support.  The customer service rep didn't even answer my questions regarding the product!  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried to return this item, but it has already been shipped back to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these and they are not working for me.  I do not have any other iPod with this type of dock so I am not sure what the problem is.  It could be my case but the batteries did not charge when I tried to use them.  They do not last much longer than the other one did.  Please look at the other reviews for this product and do not purchase these unless you have other models 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit was fine for the price, but I have a more expensive Sony system and I wish I had this product. I have had this unit for two months and it still has not recovered from my first installation.  I don't think I will be buying this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only used this product twice.  One time it worked fine, the other time it quit working.  If it works at all for you, I would be very wary of purchasing this product, however, if you have a more than two cards installed, I am not sure what to do, if I can help it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player from Amazon and I've never used it.  The CD player worked OK for a while, but now the CD player will not play any CD's unless you press a specific button on the CD changer to change the speed.  I have the cd player on a shelf in my living room so I'm not in a position to see the button or to hear it.In addition, the CD Player has not worked with any of the CDs that I've purchased from Amazon.  This is a problem because Amazon's website states that they offer a CD player with over 1,000 CD's on the list for sale.  In reality, Amazon's CD player does not have over 1.000 CDs on the market with the same CD's listed on their website.The CD player also doesn't have any features such as automatic player rotation or stop and start.  If you do not want to use the CDplayer's built in features then you can purchase a CD changers from an online retailer such as Amazon, but be warned, Amazon sells the same model for $20 or less.  Amazon's web site is so out of date that it doesn't even mention Amazon's newer CD changing units 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earbuds don't last very long and after about 1 year of use, they are too small to stay in your ears.  I used them with an iPod and had to return them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived broken, with no instructions.  We returned it to Amazon for a refund.  This is a bad item.  Amazon should not ship items broken 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the product for a month now and it is now obsolete. I had to return it because the software I had bought it from Microsoft did not work with Windows XP. Microsoft did replace the software with a newer version. But the problem with the software in XP is that the system only has 64-bit support. It also is only supported for Windows Vista and not Windows XP Professional. The only solution I can think of is to buy the product again from Microsoft. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this. it is very unreliable and slow. it will not hold any mp3 files without crashing. i bought it for my new mp3 player and it did not hold up 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD player would not play the movies that I purchased from Amazon.com.  The sound was not even close to what I expected.  I will return this player and Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not a great product.  There is a lot of lag in your images.  You can tell if you have a bad one by watching the progress bar on your camera.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to return this product.  I just don't like the product.I used to have a Canon Loxie 400, which worked very well.  Now I have a Panasonic Loxi 400 which is junk.  The Loxis are very flaky.  Don't buy them unless you really want to buy a flaky camera.  You'll waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried on several models and the only one that worked was this model.  I will never purchase another Panasonic product again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Netgear router and it is not working properly with the new WIFI connection.  I'm having problems with it's routing.  The WIFIFI is getting a lot less than 5Mb/s, but it is still sending and receiving the packet with the wrong number of packets.  There is no "ping" in my browser to find out if the router is functioning.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will need to invest in a higher quality product such as the HP DL-110, if you want a DVD player that can play all your DVDs. This player is not as responsive as the DL-10 or even the DL60. It also lacks DVD playback control, meaning that if you use the remote to turn the player on and off you can't change the disc you are watching. I bought the DL110 because I want to use it to record some of my favorite DVDs, but in reality I just want to be able to watch the DVD's on my computer, so I will never get the remote control functions on this player. I am very disappointed in HP's product and I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my new HP workstation and it was a mistake. I would recomend avoiding this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these in January 2007. I have had them now for about 2 weeks. The battery lasts less than a year and a half. I do not know how many hours you can get before the battery needs replacing. The only positive review I can give is that the power switch is a good one. I can turn the unit on and off from the unit's front panel. The switch also allows you to plug and unplug the power supply. The unit will not turn on while the power is connected, but it will switch to off in about a minute or so when it is off. I did not have this problem with the other ones I've had. I would not buy these again. I had one that lasted 10 years, and it was a great electronic device.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a HP laptop that worked with an iSight camera.  Unfortunately, the iSIGHT was no longer compatible with the HP LaserJet 4000 printer.  HP's warranty was voided and I had to buy new HP software and support from HP.  I was disappointed with the new software and the support support for this new printer. The HP Laserjet 4000 is a piece of junk.  Don't buy it.  If you want a laser printer, buy a Canon laser printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried the product on Amazon and it does not work with my Samsung Galaxy S II. Amazon does not sell the item in the right way 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The software to support the iPod nano is not compatible with the MP3 player.  The player has a hard time identifying the iPod with the software.  I will not be purchasing this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are junk. The sound quality is ok but you can get a better sound if you buy a more expensive headphones.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought many different brands of memory and this is the worst.  My memory sticks all work fine and the product itself is a nice product but the software is buggy and not user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item thinking it would be a nice addition to my CD player. I have not been pleased with it. The sound is not as crisp and clear as the Sony unit. The CD player can't play any MP3, but it is fine for other types. The battery life is about an hour and a half, and it will die if it is not charged within an hour of being unused.The remote is not useful at all. The buttons are not very sensitive, and I am having difficulty adjusting the volume on my CD, so I can't really use the remote for anything else.The picture is very blurry and the picture is the worst out of all the Sony units I have used. I would NOT recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's an item that I would not purchase again.  My CD player broke right away after about a month, but I still have it.  It was a shame as I was expecting it to last me a long time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not purchase this product again. The item was not delivered as promised. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna does not work well at all. I can't find a way to put the antenna back together. The antenna is also too short to work well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the "newer" version of this one (serial number 66543) only a few weeks ago.  I just returned it and am replacing it with a more robust model.  If you want to save your money and get a nice product, I suggest going with the older model (serial 66540).  The picture quality is better with the 66541.  The sound is a little distorted at times, especially when listening to music, but that could be due to the lack of bass.  My recommendation is to go with the newer model (66543). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife to have it to use while driving and it did not work for her. It would not record anything in the CD changer.  I did not return it for a refund as I had already bought it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this item in a very poor condition.  I do not like this product, so I was quite surprised when I received the product.  It was not shipped in a box, and there were small scratches on the plastic in the package.  Very unfortunate for a new electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player works well with my CD player, but I am not sure why it does not play my CD's.  I do have my MP3 player that I use to listen to my CD, so maybe the CD player will be able to play MP3's that I don't want to have my CD Player to play.  It would be nice if the MP3 players that I have wouldn't need the player to be connected to the internet, which could cause it to overheat and fail.  If you do have your MP3 system connected to your Internet then this is a nice CD player.  But if you do not, then I would suggest that you keep your MP4 player on a cord that is not connected to any Internet access, and your MP2 player is a good player.If I had bought this CD player for a friend, I would have gotten it at a discount from Amazon because it was only $11.99.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very low quality printer. It does not have any sort of spooler, the cartridges are not included, it does not support any sortof spooling. The cartridges are made from a plastic that is very cheap, and the cartridges themselves are not durable.  I am very disappointed in this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product as a replacement for the HP laptop that I just returned because of the faulty DVD player.  I am a very disappointed customer as I expected it to work like the HP.  However, it is a bit difficult to boot into Windows if you don't have a DVD burner.  You can use the BIOS to change the DVD burner but the first boot can take a long time, even if you only have one DVD burner in your machine.  The DVD player is very slow, but not unusable.  Overall, I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these at stores like Amazon. I've had to go to my local electronics store where they sell new iPod ear buds for a good price. Amazon is always out of stock 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like the idea of having a remote that can be controlled from the laptop.  It is a pain to have to go through multiple menus and functions to find the programmable functions.  I wish I could find a cheaper remote that would have all of the functions that I need without having to go into so much detail.  For $30, I would expect the remote to be more than just a remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used these cables in the past and have found that they can not be used to make a DVD player.  They are very heavy and need to be placed over the top of the player to be effective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to replace this after my iPod was lost in the mail. I did not get any satisfaction from the product nor did I get it back from Amazon within a reasonable time frame. I would not recommend this item for anyone. I purchased this item at Walmart with the intent to have it delivered in two weeks. The item arrived on December 30th. The instructions provided were for an iPod with no CD player and no batteries. I expected a CD player would be included with the item. I returned the item to Walmart, who refunded me. I will never purchase any products from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a customer for Sony brand speakers, however, i am not a tech.  I have not found any improvement in sound quality.  So, i just returned them, 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to use this antenna for a few years. It worked for the first couple of months. But the signal strength got worse. It got so weak that it was no longer usable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a shame to say that this is an iPod Nano.  The battery life was OK (about 6 months), but it has stopped charging, so I would buy an original iPod with the same batteries.  It would have been much cheaper and better for the money.  In the end, I just bought an iPhone 6S because it was a better option 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i used to have a Canon CXR-K3 with a Canon LP-HS10 and a Canon MPX-1D4.  both of them worked well for me until the last week.  the MPX is not a Canon product.  so it is now useless for my photography needs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These ear buds are extremely uncomfortable, I don't know how they got so big and uncomfortable. I just couldn't stand listening to the music with them. I was very disappointed with this product, I'm just going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got it in, and it is unusable.  I don't even have it plugged into my car anymore.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as a spare electronic device to replace my old battery, so I expected to get a better performance from them.  After only a week, they start losing power and the software has to be manually restarted to fix it.  I would not recommend these batteries as an option for a new electronic device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had many of these batteries in various brands and all have failed. This is the third battery I have bought and I am not sure if they all did fail because of the battery itself.  It does have a short life so I think it's worth trying to return them for a new one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for over two months now, and it still has not come with a way to deactivate the wireless signal.  I called customer service and they said it would be resolved in a day or two.  So I thought I had done something wrong and asked them for a refund.  They told me I had to return the product and they would take care of it.  The item was returned and they told me they could not help me because they did not know what to do with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a CD player with built in CD, MP3, and FM reception. The product I received was just a generic CD player. I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the "inexpensive" HP Media Center I had.  The picture quality was OK, but the remote was not very responsive.  I'm very disappointed.  For $20 more I'd expect better, at least from HP. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work with my printer.  I had to use the instructions on the back of the card and print at least twice in a row.  If you have problems with the printer then this card is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was advertised as a 4.0MP camera but it only recorded up to 3.3MP.  I returned it and it was returned to Amazon with a refund.  This is a great camera but I'd rather get a good electronic device instead of this.  Amazon's support is great but Amazon should not have sold a camera with a 2MP sensor that can only record up to 2.3M.  The camera is not good enough to use on the beach, especially if you are a swimmer or beach photographer, and it is a big waste of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this product for many years.  I had it for several months with my daughter.  Unfortunately, it broke in the first month and never worked again.  It was a great electronic device, until this one broke.  So, I had to purchase a new one.  Don't buy from Amazon because you will get a defective one.I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this memory card is not worth the money because the format is not compatible with Win XP. it will not work properly with XP and Win98. I would never recommend this memory to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product hoping to get my hands on some of the new Sony's.  Unfortunately, the product works very poorly and is not as reliable as the earlier models.  I've had a total of two of these in the last two months.  Hopefully this will change in the near future.  The picture is not clear and the sound is horrible.  Not worth the money for the $50.00 I paid for them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for the ability to charge my Sony mp3 player with a little more convenience than the cord that comes with the car radio.  The car radio cord is very bulky and uncomfortable, and the receiver is very easy to lose.  I am not sure if this was a design flaw in the radio itself or the cable, but when I tried to plug in the car plug, it would not hold the plug securely.  This is a major flaw in my new electronic device.  So much for the convenience.  For what it is, the cable is great, but it is a waste of money when it does not hold firmly.  It does not appear that Sony is making this problem easy to solve 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It would not fit in my case.  You can get better cases for this item.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was working in the car until I stopped doing the repairs, and now it won't start.  It is so much more expensive than the other brands out there.  My advice is to avoid this brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product will not work in my car. i purchased it thinking it would work with my 04 Mazda. it does not work at all with the car. its only saving me time, but i dont like the product.  i was recommended this product by someone who owns a car and had it installed. if it works for someone else, i hope i can get my money back. i dont know if its because its so cheap 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is a piece of junk. i had to return it. i dont recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a complete waste of money.  I bought it and immediately forgot about it.  The only positive review I can give is the radio works, but the sound quality is not the best 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself is OK, but it does have one problem, that is that the power cable for this unit is made for the iNano 400, but the power cord is made to work for the Nano 300, and vice versa 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product thinking that it was an upgrade from the old product. I thought the sound quality would be better, but it is not. The volume was too high and the sound was not very clear. It was not the speakers that made this sound, it was the volume.  I returned it for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is very dim.  I used the standard cable (not included) and it only showed 50-60% of the color.  You can tell when the picture is too dim, because it will go down in a dark room.  It is certainly not the best picture I have seen on any electronic device.  Buy something else, or don't buy this one.  If you want a decent picture, buy a Sony TV that has a decent TV picture, or at least a more powerful TV (you can't see the screen if it is too bright).  Buy a better electronic device and buy something with a higher resolution.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this memory to store my personal photos and video for personal use.  When it is installed, it does not recognize my memory card.  I tried it with two cards, and it failed to recognize both.  It is impossible to transfer my photos to it.  The first card was a Kingston 64MB SDHC, and the second was a SanDisk 64MB CF.  They both work fine with it, but the Kingston is much slower to copy photos, and I am sure it would not hold my original photos.  After several attempts, I eventually gave up.  Don't waste your money on this product, unless you really need it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked for a few months, but now the battery is almost dead.  I just wanted to see if it worked on the last few months and it is not anymore.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player itself was ok, but it didn't play the songs I wanted to hear.  I was able to get it to play all the songs my friends had bought.  Don't buy this.  It is a waste of your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2 of these and they were both returned.  They didn't work.  I had to return them to Amazon and Amazon will not refund the cost.  Amazon will just tell you that it is a defective item, but will not send a replacement.  Don't buy these.  This product is not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is junk.  I can't get it to work at all and it is taking forever to start.  Very disappointed with this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money and not worth returning.  If you don't have a problem with it, it should be fine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this product for my Canon 1D X and I was extremely disappointed in it. The remote was extremely flaky and unreliable.  I had to return it to Amazon for a replacement.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money. I got this and it is a total disappointment.  I had to return it because it wouldn't work for my computer.  It was an Apple product, so I assumed it would work with my Mac OSX operating system 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only positive review about this item is that it does the job, however it is not as good as a dedicated DVD recorder.  It has no built in speakers, no sound feedback, and a very slow response time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I could think of to return was the batteries, but I am sure they would have lasted longer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is OK for its price and looks good, but its performance leaves a lot to be desired. I had to replace it every 2-3 months because it constantly failed to play any audio, even when it was just sitting idle in the rack. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife's new HP printer broke the first day she used it.  We have had another brand of HP printers in the past and have never had any problems with them.  HP's customer service is not the best 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is so slow. It will have problems if you do not use an external DVD burner.  I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money for the crappy sound. I have had to return it and will buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work well with my Sony NEX-3D and is too expensive.  I would not recommend buying this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm sure there are more expensive options for the MP3 player but this one doesn't work at all.  If you want to make your own CD player this is a great one to consider 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not fit my laptop.  It is very small, not expandable.  You will have to buy a smaller card for your laptop. I am buying an ATX because this card is not expandible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The software is not user friendly.  I had to reinstall it for every thing to work right.  This item does not meet my expectations of a piece of junk.  It is an instant headache.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they were a good price.  I expected better than the product they provided.  In addition to being very expensive (especially for a laptop that has an internal battery) they are NOT CE certified.  This means that you will need to pay more to get a replacement unit that is certified.It seems that Microsoft only requires you to test your products if they have a CE certification sticker on them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is not compatible with the card reader. The reader requires the newer model card reader to read it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thinking that it would be a better option than my old antenna. I received a couple of weeks later and the antenna is junk.  I was a little skeptical of the price when I got it but after a few weeks, it is just way too expensive for its performance.  If you want to get an antenna for your TV, I suggest looking at the $10 or less Antennacom HDD4 antenna. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a lot of buttons but no function. I did have an older HP printer that worked well. The new HP printer I got was an LCD printer so I guess I got a lemon. I wish I had returned it. It is hard to get it to work if you do not know what each of the buttons does. I had to restart it three times to get the function to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the product and the only thing I can say is that it is very flaky.  The other thing is that I cannot use it because the sound is so distorted 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is great for the price.  But it is not worth the money if you need to charge the battery with the charger.  If you want to charge with the battery while you are using the computer or you want the ability to plug in the charger and use the battery at the same time, this product is a piece of junk.  You will waste a lot of money on a battery that won't work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this card for about 3 months now and it still has not worked with my HP Pavilion laptop.  If you have a non-HP laptop, do not waste your money on this card.  It is a waste of money for HP.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this because it is advertised as being better than my previous HP printer. I was very disappointed when it did not work at all. I have had it for a few months now and it still does not work.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk.  I have no idea what this is doing and can't find the manual for it anywhere.  The CD player itself is OK, but it can't hold any discs unless I remove the case.  Then it can hold any disks up to 3.5 inches in diameter.  No matter what I try, I can't get it to hold my CD.  It just keeps on falling out of the case and falling apart 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can't even use it as your phone and you need to buy a new phone, the battery is worthless, it lasts a week but it won't last you forever.  Don't waste your money on this phone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because it had the same features as the Sony SACD/USB 2.1 Receiver that I had been using on my Sony D-5000CD player.  I was a little disappointed to see that the "HDMI 2.0" plug-in card that is supplied with the player is not compatible with the Sony DSP-FACTORY-CX800 that I have been using.  The card was designed for the Sony product, so I expected it to work with the DSP that I currently have.  It didn't work with my DSP, so now I have to buy the "DSP-DUEZ" that is also supplied with my Sony receiver 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really slow drive.  Don't buy this unless you are willing to deal with the long loading times.  I got mine on sale at a good price so it was a nice deal.  Still don't like this drive because it is very slow and the pictures will not save properly on this.  If you are not sure about a new purchase do some research before buying it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because I had recently purchased a Canon camera with an optical zoom.  The zoom is not that great, and the buttons are too sensitive.  It is also a pain to remove the lens and put it back in the camera.  I ended up replacing it with the Canon L series lens, which I've had for years.  There are plenty of other brands out there that do a better job at this job 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You cannot do a better than the original. It's a shame that it does not come with a USB connector to plug in the CD player and use the iPod interface 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm sorry, I can't stand the fact that the earphones don't come with a microphone.  It's a pain to listen to your own voice in the car or while you're on the airplane.  If you want to have a microphone, I suggest purchasing a wireless mic from Amazon or Best Buy.  Otherwise, I wouldn't buy these.  I would say, if you want a microphone to use with the earphone, get a set of wireless headphones.  You can't go wrong with these, but be careful of the headphones they come with, they're very loud.  Don't buy them if you intend to listen on the radio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product I bought does not work well. it's not very reliable. i'm using it for a tv, not for an ipod 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really dumb flash drive.  It's only 4 gigs, so it would take forever to write the full 4.4GB.  You'll have to wait for the next one with better specs.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i use it for recording my mp3, but not for the regular mp3 player.  the mp3 will get lost in the process of making the tape.  i have to have it in my car so that I can record the mp4s 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a bit overpriced.  I don't have an HP printer, so I cannot tell if it will work with a regular HP printer.  The printer was shipped to the US and arrived on time, but after I installed the driver, the printer would only print to a black-and-white file on my HP LaserJet printer.It is a pain to remove the cartridge, and if you accidentally delete something it is not the printer anymore, but the entire printer.The printing software is not intuitive.  My advice is to get something that will print to the screen, and then to remove it.  If you print a lot, get a laser printer, if you do not, then don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these. I got a defective CD player and my brother just now got his too. We will not be ordering any more of these. It is a waste of your money. I bought these to play my iPod, but I will not buy this product anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using this product for a Mac OS X computer and it is not the greatest quality. It does work, but not as well as I would like. I do not use the optical drive. I will not buy it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's car. The DVD player worked fine for a few days, then stopped playing DVD's and started randomly crashing. The only way to fix it is to return the player.  I wish the software would be fixed, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for my girlfriend to use for a new Sony mp3 player. She never liked it. The unit does not work on Windows XP.  We tried using it with Windows XP Ultimate 64bit and it still did not work.  This product was a complete disappointment.  I do not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna does not work very well on a  low power radio.  We have had many bad antennas 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the TV and the DVD player and the receiver were in stock.  After about 5 months of trying to fix this, the player finally quit working and the TV was now useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item for my daughter.  The CD player was working for the first week or so but after that it stopped working.  I returned it and got a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased this product for my husband's laptop but it did not work.  The laptop was not connected to the computer at all.  I was very disappointed.  Very poor product.  Not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was an expensive mistake.  I did not expect the product to hold the phone.  It was the other way around.  You need to take the phone apart and put the batteries in separately.  Otherwise you will not get any charge from the batteries.  If you do not do this you will be wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player is very small and does not hold the sound well.  The buttons do not have any place to rest.  It is difficult to find a good place to place the player when it is not fully seated.  I have returned this player to Amazon and will buy another player of better quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case itself is great. The only thing that really bothers me is the remote.  It is so unreliable.  I use it to control the volume of the player in my car, and it will turn on the volume when the radio is off.  But if you use it for the purpose of turning the player off, it will be very annoying to have to press a button every time you want to turn off the player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an HP printer and was not able to print the pictures.  It was not working at all.  I was able to recover the photos by printing them with my computer.  So I would not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is great, but the antenna is very weak, I had to put in the car antenna.  I will not buy this product again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of the fact that the headphones are so nice.  But they don't do much when you have to listen to a lot of mp3s on them.  The only thing is that you can't remove them from the ear cup or just put them in your ears because they dont come with an attachment.  It also has an odd shape that makes it very hard to use them properly if you want to put them on while sitting down.  I had to buy a pair of ear buds with a clip to hold them in place.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cd player came in with a couple of scratches on the case. The case itself is fine but the buttons are too close together for comfort, making it uncomfortable to use. The player is so small it's hard to get the buttons off, but you will end up getting scratched by the buttons anyway 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is fine, but the antenna is not.  There is no signal to reception with the antenna.  So, if you're looking to use this radio on a public beach or something like that, be sure to look for an antenna.The antenna is actually very weak in the lower bands, so if you want to get a stronger signal in those bands, you will have to use the higher bands. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My new DVD player had broken so I purchased this item for the new warranty.  It was just a quick fix and now it doesn't work with the DVDs.  I don't like the product because I have to buy it from Amazon to get a replacement, so I will be looking for something better.  Amazon is the only place I can get a DVD player replacement and it's almost double the cost of the Amazon DVD player! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband to use at work.  The printer was not functional.  It was so slow and had such a bad response.  So he returned it to Amazon.  I'm now looking for a different printer because I want to print something bigger.  If Amazon had given me the option of a better printer, I would have taken it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  It does work and is a nice piece of kit, but I am not sure if it is worth the money considering the cost to replace my older card.  I bought this because it is smaller, has a lot of memory, and has an optical drive which is much easier to replace. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very poor and the batteries last a very long time.  I will be returning them.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to own and use an HP MediaSmart printer but have recently found out that the HP printer will not accept ink cartridges that are not pre-filled. The HP cartridge I was using was a pre-loaded cartridge.  The HP cartridges I purchased last year at a local Walmart were pre-packed.  So it is now a waste of my money to buy HP cartridges that I do not have.  I have also tried and failed to contact HP and received no response.  If you are looking for a preloaded HP cartridge printer, I would not consider the HP LaserJet 1000 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money and the software to use it is not as user friendly as it could be.  It doesn't work with iTunes or Winamp and it doesn't do the basic functions of a DVD player.  I am very dissapointed with this product and I hope that someday I will get a good player instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is made for the Sony Play Station 2. It works fine for Sony Play station 1. I bought this card because it is a Sony brand. I did not expect it to work with Sony Playstation 1, and when I tried it, it broke. I returned it, and they replaced it with another brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a good electronic device, i had to return it for a refund. I have tried it several times and it does not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for the ones that were discontinued.  I received the product in about a week.  The product was shipped in a different color than I ordered and it had a slight rippling to the front panel.  It does not work.  Very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it's a little larger than my other ear buds.  It also plugs into my iPod which has a smaller, more comfortable design.  So it's actually less cumbersome to use in the car 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product in November 2008, and was very disappointed with the performance of the card.  I tried to remove the card and replace it with a different card, but the card would not fit properly in the slot.  It would only fit in one slot, leaving the other slot empty.  The card was also very noisy, so I had to purchase a better product to keep it from blowing out the speakers when I used it.  Overall, I was disappointed with this product, and I did not purchase any more of them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to have a Canon MPU that worked with my Lexar printer.  Now I am looking for another Canon printer to use with my HP.  HP seems to be out of the Canon MPT series.  I have tried all of the HP MPT models with no success.  This is one of the few HP printers that will not work with Canon MPTs.  The other HP MPTs are Canon MPPT's.  If you want to print to HP MPTS, HP MPPTs are the best option.  However, if you want a Canon printer with a Canon HP printer driver, there are several Canon MPTS printers to choose from, including this Canon MPTI.  Don't waste your money on HP MPPs if you do not need them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not worth the money.  The first time I used it I was in the hospital and the DVD player only lasted about an hour before it died.  I returned it because I wanted a newer model that would last more than an hour.  You will waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this printer, it would only print to a single page. The second time I tried it, it prints to three pages.  The third time, it didn't work.  I returned it.  Don't buy this printer if you have to print more than once a week.  It's a waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries are junk. I've used other brands with better battery life and the same result. I will never buy them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is fine but the remote is not.  I don't know how the manufacturer could have made this mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product on Amazon and after 1 month, it still had the battery still in it.  I returned it and Amazon now refunded me for the item.  It is an excellent case, but for this item, it was a big disappointment.  Amazon's customer service is not that great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been looking for an inexpensive iPod shuffle with the ability to hold my MP3's and have the ability of auto-sync. This product does not meet those criteria. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the same Sony PXV100 since 2002.  The product I received was defective.  I did not know this because the manufacturer did not send me a replacement.  If Sony will not do it for me, I am sure I will be able to find a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this because you can get the same one at a fraction of the cost at a better electronic device, if you can afford it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is OK.  It is small and has an antenna.  But the reception is pretty much terrible.  I use the WMM-DV2-DVR-2 for my office printer and it is a great device.  However this one does not offer any type of reception.  My wife has a Toshiba scanner and she uses the same one and it works very well.  So why do I have to buy another one when I already have a scanner with better reception 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones don't have the right fit. You can get away with the normal headphones but the larger earpieces fit better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would give it a 1 star if it isnt for the fact that I have to replace my entire hard drive in 2 months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had my CD player for a year now and it has always been working.  The first year it would skip songs on CD's that had been played for more than 10 minutes, then it would stop working entirely.  I had to buy a new one after that and the one I received had broken.  It still plays, but it doesn't skip songs anymore.  If you want to keep your mp3 player working you have to keep the battery in the unit.  Don't be put off by the "eco-friendly" label.  This is not an eco-friendly device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and the sound quality was terrible.  I have a Sony receiver that produces excellent sound but this product just wasn't worth the money.  If you are looking for an inexpensive way to add sound to your CD player don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased this radio and I am not satisfied.  I wish the sound quality was better.  The volume is quite low, and the sound is not crisp.  This radio would not work with my iPod (which was an FM radio).  I did not receive any radio reception at all, and no reception was received when I went to my local radio station.  Overall, I would not recommend this radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried several brands of earphones and have not found anything that works well.  The sound is ok, but the fit is horrible.  I had to remove the foam padding from my ear canal to get the earphone to stay in my ear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using this to record my home movies.  The sound quality is OK, but the TV has a really high input lag and the TV itself is not very stable.  This product will only record the sound from the TV and not the whole room.  In other words, the TV sound is interrupted constantly, and sometimes the entire room sounds distorted.  I've already returned this product to Amazon and will try to return the replacement as well.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the box as promised and it is too small.  The picture is fine for a TV, but it is very unacceptably low-quality for a laptop.  I am now looking for an upgrade 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived damaged. I am not sure why but i got a new one from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product did not work with my DVD burner, which is a little odd since the DVD player is advertised as having "up to 16x faster".  I tried several different brands, none of them worked, but this one did.  I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a good choice for a high-end, fully featured player. I am currently using a Samsung Q10 player (not an iPod) and have had no problems with the iPod.  The Sony player worked fine for me, but the Sony player does not have an auxiliary input.  I would not recommend this player to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card doesn't have any good reviews so I thought I'd give it a shot.  I'm an IT guy so I'm used to all sorts of new gadgets.  This was the first card I had to try and I got some horrible results.  The sound quality was fine but the card was slow to respond to my mouse clicks.  It also had a tendency to randomly freeze and sometimes to freeze the entire computer.  In the end I returned it.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for the iPod because the other ones that I had were broken.  I just bought another one to try it out.  It's ok.  The sound is OK, but the picture is horrible.  You'll be amazed at how much difference this makes if you only use the remote for an hour or two and not use it for hours 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm looking at buying a new laptop and this mouse is very flaky.  If you use it for a very long time and it's broken, don't expect any compensation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really poor product. It is made of plastic. There is no way it will hold a SD card with the case open. The case does not have any strap to hold it down when it is not opened.  The case is very cheaply made and I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked for about 6 months and then stopped.  It is now out of service.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed a printer for work and didn't want to shell out a whole lot of cash.  The only problem is that this printer has a very small print resolution.  Not that great for a digital device.  If you want to print small photos (which I do), buy a bigger one.  I also have a HP inkjet printer that is much more reliable and has a much higher resolution.I will never buy another HP product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am sure that if you are doing anything in the world of high-definition (HD) videos then you will appreciate the 5Mbps/1.1Mbps speed that this is. However, when watching videos that are in SD (i.e. standard definition) resolution you will notice that the speed is noticeably slow and the video quality is reduced to the point where it is not very appealing to watch at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is very cheaply made, and the battery is not strong enough.  I had a bad battery that died after 2 months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this at a Best Buy store and had a few problems.  The first one happened when I installed it and forgot to turn it on (it was in sleep mode).  The second one started a fire, burning the back of the receiver (I have a Sony Bravia HD receiver) that was connected to the stereo.  I sent the receiver back and it was replaced with a refurbished Sony unit.  This is a very low quality product that is very difficult to use.  It does not have a built in antenna that could help with reception and the remote does not work.  In my experience, Sony does not manufacture its products well.  If you want to get a refurbish unit, buy from an authorized Sony dealer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is pretty poor, the battery life is pretty short and the design is pretty ugly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this thinking it was a good electronic device, it is not.  The screen is too small and there is no way to adjust the brightness, which is a real bummer.  If I am to purchase another product, I would be very cautious, as this was my first time using this.  Don't buy if you don't plan on making any changes to the product.  It will break. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i have had this radio for 4 years now.  the last time it stopped working it was on the radio, it wasnt even plugged in.  i guess the batteries just stopped working 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked OK for me, but I am not sure I would buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing just didn't work for me.  My CD player worked perfectly fine with other brand CD's, but this one wouldn't work with mine.  I have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would last for about 10 years.  However, it broke after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a dvd player, not a DVD recorder. I can't find any instruction manual that says it is for the recorder. It only has a "recording" function. I have tried both the "rec" and "play" buttons on the player, but the "playback" button is useless. It doesn't record, and the only "records" function is when you press "rec".The "play back" button on the remote is only "play", and the "record" button isn't even lit up 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are not the batteries for the iPod, because they only hold 1.5 volts.  You will be wasting a lot of money, because if you use the batteries from other brands, they have the same specs.  I purchased some brand new batteries, which I will review later, but you'll have to get new batteries if you want to use the battery pack for the iPhone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this memory for my new Sony mp3 player, and it's a disappointment.  I wish I had gotten a different memory card.  There is very little room for the player to expand, and even though the card was labeled as a 120GB, it only holds about 60GB of usable space.  It is almost impossible to find a 128GB memory card, so I can't complain about that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was supposed to last a long time. It lasted me only a month. I thought it would last much longer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i used to have a Sony CD player. when i received the replacement unit, it could not play mp3's and other mp3 files. this is very disappointing because i had an original unit and i have it installed now. i am looking at other options because i can't return it.  i will have to consider other options when buying new items 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would perform like its larger brother.  In my case it didn't.  It worked fine for about 6 months then stopped working.  I called Amazon and they sent me a new one, but it's a little thicker and less powerful, so it's not exactly as good as the one I had.  Amazon said the battery life is about the same and they have a better electronic device, but I'm not so sure.  The only positive review I can give this product is that it's cheap and can be found for cheap 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I have to say about this product is that I was unable to find the exact model of DVD player I needed (I am an A&K DVD player) in their online store, so I ordered a brand new one at the price they had on the site.  I also ordered a player with a "HDCP" logo on it which was required to get the correct player.  My original purchase was for a brand name DVD player, but the "HD" is supposed to be a standard symbol for HDCP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using this item as a back up to my iNuke.  I've had mine for less than a month and it still hasn't started up after all of the time the unit spent in the freezer.  It's a little hard to get a good picture with this item.  If it fails, it will be a big deal.  So far I haven't had any problems with the radio or the unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not an ipod but I wanted to record some movies.  I purchased this with the expectation that it would be good.  It turns out that it is not.  The sound is very weak, and the volume is just loud enough to annoy you.  Don't waste your money.  Just get a CD player with a better sound 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is okay, but the volume control is extremely finicky and the volume rises and falls rapidly when the sound levels change.  It also can't be used as a headphone jack (because the input is so small).  It's a very small piece of junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are made by etek.net. I bought them and they have some defects. The first one that I have now has a broken antenna. I would not buy from etek again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't understand how this thing works.  I get an error message stating that I need to re-install the firmware.  What is the difference between an error of this nature and the firmware installation process?  I've read the manual to know that I have to manually install firmware and I have.  Why is it so hard to do?  Please add a switch or other way to prevent this from happening again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My system started making a lot of noise, I have to restart it, I've lost my WIFI.  I have also lost my internet.  If you want a wireless router, do not buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the replacement for a bad CD player (Sony EDP-FVX500).  I really wish they'd come up with a new model with the same specs and a better sound.  I will never purchase this one again.  Don't waste your money on a bad player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had problems with this product before.  I was never able to get it to work, even with the same cable as before. I would not recommend this product to anyone, because of the problems I have experienced. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had no problem with the product other than the fact that the cable I received is not the correct color to my computer.  It is pink and it looks very similar to the stock cable, so I have returned it and am now looking for another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed to record my ipod and had it delivered to me with the software already installed. I got the CD player (as is is stated in the instructions), and it would not work with the DVD.  The CD player would play the CD, but the software would not recognize it.  This could be because it was a new player, or because it has an older software that is not compatible with this DVD player. I am very disappointed with this product and will never purchase another one of this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not an audiophile.  But when I saw this product advertised as "off the shelf", I was very disappointed.  I was even more disappointed when I tried to hook it up and it didn't work.  What a waste of money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy from Amazon, not even a replacement of an older CD player. The sound quality was awful.  I expected better than that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a bit overpriced for what you get.  The screen has to be manually set to 100% which is not something I can do easily.  It also has a lot of problems with the drivers and does not work at all with any of the common drivers for my Windows 7 computer.  I would not recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am new to HP printers and decided to get the HP ink cartridge because the ink did not work on my HP ink jet.  The cartridge I received was not HP branded and was a generic cartridge made by ink manufacturer.  I returned it.  HP has offered to refund me for the cartridges I purchased and sent to me in error.  My only recommendation to HP is that they make the cartridges more attractive and not try to pass off the cartridges as HP branded ink. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it's small, and the batteries are the size of those found in the original Nikon flash (which I've had for 10+ years). But after a week, I realized that there are no batteries in the lens, so I had to remove the battery to get them out. I don't know how this would work if they were already there, but I guess it would be harder to remove than if they weren't there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is great for small applications but I found out that the card itself has a slight overheat issue and the case it comes in is very thin, making the card a bit fragile.  This is a big problem because the case is so thin, it can't be properly secured and it won't hold the card for any length of time.  If you plan on using it for anything other than watching DVDs, then don't buy this case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because the other one was broken and could not play my DVD. The card worked for a few hours, but then quit working.  I tried again later with another brand and it worked.  But now, I'm looking for something that will last for more than just one DVD.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD player is made by Sony and has a few minor problems.  The first is that it is a little tricky to hook up to an IPOD because it is so small and you need to have the player on its side for it to work.  Also, there is no remote control on the player.  There are only four buttons on the remote, which is not easy to use.  But maybe I am getting too picky.  I was not able to find any information on how to program the player so I will keep this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this because it isnt very well designed.  I would return it and buy a better electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card was junk. It does not work in the PC, it has not been supported in any previous OS, and the software that is supposed to make the card work is not even supported by Windows XP.  Don't waste your money, get something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the item a week and a half ago and have had no luck getting it to work on my PC.  Don't buy this one if you have an older machine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for a couple of months now.  I have only had it for three days and the battery is barely charged.  The only positive review I have is the fact that it is wireless.  It is a problem that is more of a problem for me because it is a little difficult to use.  You have to hold the radio to your ear, but it is otherwise easy to use the iPod when you need it.  My wife is not fond of the iPod and I use it a lot less now that it's in this condition.  But it is still not a great product.  Buyer beware, this product does not have the same features as Apple products.  Apple uses the iPod Connector on the left to charge the battery.  This product has an iPod adapter on the right, so it is easier to use that way.  For the price I paid for this product I expected it to be a step above Apple products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Canon EOS 5D, and have a Nikon F3.1 for use with the camera.  The new battery pack I got for the F3 is not reliable.  I can not use the camera at all without it, as I am unable to use the battery while shooting!  The old battery in my camera is already dead!  It is not possible to use this battery with the F5, since it is not compatible with Canon's new "Sealed" batteries, which use a much weaker electrolyte solution.  So I have to return the F2.1 and buy the new battery with my F3, which will be a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the CD player.  After playing for about 5 hours, I decided it would cost more to replace it.  It is not even an improvement over the previous model.  I'm a software engineer, so I'm looking at the product for its functionality rather than the price.  The CD player I bought in September cost $150, so that would be about $20 more.  Don't buy this if you plan to use it as a player. I have been using the old model and am quite disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only good thing is that the batteries are very cheap (like a dime a dozen) but I don't like them because they aren't long enough.  I would not recommend them unless you are looking for long batteries.  The problem is that they break very easily, especially if you are not careful when replacing the batteries. I will not purchase this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote is pretty flaky, but I think the buttons can be changed to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for about a month and its only good for one minute.  I will never buy this again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product. it will not even play my DVD's, it doesn't even look like it's working at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is not very clear. The volume is too low, and it doesn't pick up most stations.  If you want a simple radio, this is a very bad radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are very flimsy, have a lot of scratches, and don't hold a charge very well.  I would not purchase them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones were not even a half of what I expected.  The foam is soft but not durable.  I had to take them out of the box and put them into the bag and then put the bag in the car with me.  So I guess I am out of luck with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You cannot use the USB port on the printer. I got the case, but still need a case that is actually compatible with the USB Port on the Printer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does have a little capacity for my iPod but it is extremely cumbersome to use. The buttons are not easy to use and the buttons do not work on all the iPods 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had a couple of these units. One is about 5 months old.  The only thing that I really like about these is the ability to run a DVD player at the same time.  But they have an annoying problem that I can't figure out.  It keeps stopping and turning the unit off.  I'm not sure if this is caused by a bad software update or hardware problem.  If you do not have a DVD or MP3 player, get another product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping for a better product than this.  Not sure why it did not come with the case that I purchased.  I bought this because I had a case that worked with my other Sony products.  But this is not the case!  It's not made very well, not very comfortable, doesn't protect well, etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product. I had a very poor experience with my iPod.  It was slow, unstable and wouldn't play the music.  I thought it would work fine, since I had read the reviews about other people's iPods and that they worked great with the Sleeve.  But this one is not even close to the others in its class.  In fact, if I had not given up my iPod to get a better iPod, I would have returned it right away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this product for less than a month. I've had no problems with the product. The picture quality is terrible. I can see very little detail on my TV screen and when the picture is out of focus, I cannot distinguish the picture. The sound is very disappointing. It is very soft and lacks a clear, crisp sound.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am using this product for my Sony A900.  However, the product is extremely slow and it is difficult to use in an everyday situation.  The product only works in high resolution mode.  I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a HP Pavilion laptop that can only be connected via USB 2.0.  I was looking for a USB3.0/Ethernet combo mouse for it, and while the HP Pavilion is a great laptop, the mouse is still not quite up to the USB2.0 standards.  In addition to the problem with the mouse being slow, the trackpad is also slow.  My recommendation is to stay away from this mouse unless you are looking for the fastest possible mouse for your laptop.  Also, the USB ports on this mouse are only 6-pin.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is just not as advertised, it will not hold your CD, and it's only 1/2 inch wide.  the packaging and shipping is terrible.  i just returned it, as i'm not sure if the CD is going to fit in there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth it. i dont think they should have gone with the bigger one.  You will get alot more use out of your CD's with this.  But its very slow and willnt work on all your CDs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can't even use it with your iPod.  I have the older version (2001) and the iPod doesn't work with the MP3 player (VCR) anymore.  It will only play a single song in the MP 3 player.  Very frustrating!  Don't waste your money.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very pleased with this product, but I have to tell you that I'm now returning it because it has stopped functioning. I use it to store the mp3 player and have been using it on and off since April 24th.  I'm looking for a new product that will be more reliable.  The MP3 player itself is a great piece of gear, but the product description clearly doesn't state that this product needs a power supply 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for about a month and it still does not have the power.  I called Amazon and they said they will send me another one for $30.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product at Amazon for $5.95.  What a disappointment!  It does work, but is far from being ideal.  The front panel is very weak.  You have to really push the speakers to get any sound from them.  In fact, the speakers do not work at all!  In my opinion, Amazon should return this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  I have had a Sony CD player since I bought my first one in the mid 90s.  It is time for a new one.  Do NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product worked for a month and then it quit working.  I bought another one to see if the product would still work.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very slow and hard to use, and its battery is very low.  I bought the one with the larger battery because it has more room, but it doesn't last very long on a charge 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of the good reviews about it.  It is a great TV.  However, it doesn't have any sort of remote that I am familiar with.  The buttons don't do anything.  I'm not sure how this is supposed to work with an Ipod, but I do have one of those so I might try it. But the buttons don' 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this antenna at the recommendation of a good electronic device reviewer who I was buying the item from.  The antenna worked for about 4 months and then quit working.  I am now looking for another antenna which will be able to receive the TV signals from my HDTV 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was advertised as having the ability to use the CD changer as an MP3 player. I received a copy of a very bad book from Amazon stating that the MP3 functionality was not included. I have since returned the book. Amazon should provide a refund or replacement for this item. It does not work on all the iPods and iPhones that it was sold to me. Amazon's support is no better than their website. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because it was listed as a "DAC" to my radio, which is a Sony MDR-1000U.  It is not a DAC, which means it doesn't have the same capabilities of the one I have.  I received it with a very old radio, with no power supply (no batteries).  The radio is inoperable, and I cannot turn it on or off, so I'm unable to review the sound quality.  The product was returned to Sony, and since the warranty is for the radio, I have no recourse.  My advice to Sony is that they do not have the ability to support their products if they do so poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will have to deal with the manufacturer if you want to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because I am concerned about my HP Deskjet printer.  It has two main problems.  The first is the printer's ability to produce the correct text.  Sometimes the ink will be out of line, sometimes it will not be.  I would not buy this product again.  My HP is not an HP LaserJet Printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this.  This one is a piece of junk.  It is made to fit your iPod so well it is a pain in the butt to unload and transfer your music.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have 2 of these and have to replace them with new ones because of the noise.  One of them is my favorite and works fine, but the other one I just don't use.  Don't buy this, don't expect it to work well.  I've returned both of them to Amazon for refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my husband.  After playing around with the buttons, the buttons began to break.  He had to return it.  The sound is OK but the buttons don't work well.  I wish I had returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality of the TV is horrible.  I am using an antenna that is very powerful and the TV has trouble picking up a signal that is in the local broadcast FM channel.  If you want a decent picture you will need a better antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was a complete disappointment.  it worked fine for a week or so, but now it stops functioning completely.  the first thing I did was to return it, and it has been a total loss since.  i will never buy from Amazon again.  just be warned that if it does break, it might be a cheap item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is great, but the sound quality is very weak.  If you plan on playing the majority of your CDs and DVDs, this is a deal-breaker.  Don't buy this if you plan to use it for serious audio work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great sound card, but for it to be compatible with a PC it has to be an optical device, i.e. the optical card must be an HP Pavilion product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is NOT as easy to use as other brands I have bought. I bought this because it is less than 30 bucks off brand new, and it did not come with any instructions.  I am now returning it because I do not want to be stuck with it.  Don't buy it unless you want to spend money on a bad antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the cd player doesnt hold much, its small and isnt stable. the only good thing is its isnt expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to be very careful when you plug in this. I've had the power strips for 2 months now, and still have not experienced any problems.  I will not buy them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The software for the CD player is very slow and will not recognize the CD's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPod shuffle lacks storage space for my songs.  I've seen similar products from other manufacturers that are better.  Amazon's product description was not helpful.  My iPod shuffle had to be sent to Amazon for repair.  It was a hassle to ship and return.  If you're looking for an iPod shuffle that has space for your entire collection, buy a higher-priced model from an authorized retailer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones are fine for the price but are not worth $50 or more. I am returning them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this cable is that the product description says that it will allow you to hook up all of your mp3 players and phones without using a splitter, and that it's made for the iPod/iPhone.  It won't work with my iPod because it has an adapter that is not made for my iPod (they make adapters for it all the time, but sometimes you don't have it).  In any case, I returned it.  I have a better cable that I'm still considering buying, but I'm not about to spend the extra $30 to buy a piece of junk that I'll have to return 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for my wife, because she wanted to play MP3's on her PC.  After a few weeks, she found out that the CD player in the unit does not have any FM radio tuner.  It also does not work when playing CD's with any kind of music.  So I decided to return it.  Unfortunately, the warranty on this product is only 5 months.  If I were to get it again, I would not buy it. I do not know what kind of problems it has, but the product is defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD player was useless.  First off, it did not work with a DVD player that did not have the optical drive, so I had to get a second player.  It also wouldn't play the movies I wanted to watch, even when I plugged in the player via USB and did not use the player for a few days, the DVD player would just keep stopping and starting.  This made me wonder why I bought it.  If you need the optical player, you should get something else, such as a Blu-Ray player. But I don't think this product will last very long.  I have bought two of these players, one for my wife and one for me.  The wife's had about 4 movies in their first 5 months.  My DVD player is now 20 months old.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card at Best Buy because it is a great price.  I didn't expect much when using it, but it wasn't working.  It is a very weak card.  You can hear it when it's spinning, but the card is inoperative.  The card is only half the price, so I'm disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was a nightmare to use.  I kept getting an error message saying it is not in use. I had to use the instructions in the manual to make it work.  If it does not work properly, return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this as a gift. I have not even used it. The only good thing about it is that the volume of the system is adjustable, but the sound quality is terrible. The sound is really bad.  I was going to buy something else but now I am not.  The volume is very low and the sound is very distorted.  This is a real pain in the ass to operate. I suggest trying a different brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thinking it was a better buy than the other brand name products. The sound quality is not very good. It is definitely not as loud as my Sony DV-C7. It has a noticeable loss in quality compared to the DV, but is still better than the Sennheiser PX100. The microphone is just a little bit too sensitive, so if you have an extremely loud environment, like a concert or a big electronic device like a car, it will pick up your voice. The remote itself is very small and doesn't have any features like volume, input, etc. If you are looking for a good radio, this is probably the best choice. However, if you're looking for an inexpensive radio, the PX101 is a better choice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product worked for one day, then it stopped recording.  I sent it back and it was not the product fault.  It is a great idea to have a backup but it is not worth it to buy this because it will not record when you plug it in, and you will have to do it again.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm having trouble with my sound card, and the card is no longer supported. I have a Toshiba Qosmio M5V2 with the Sound Blaster Cinema sound card. I am sending it back to Toshiba for a replacement card.  I will not purchase this card again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recently bought this and installed it.  It is very slow.  I have to turn the volume down to listen to the music.  This is not a bad product, but I will never buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will be hard pressed to find any other manufacturer who sells these adapters, but the one I got had a hole in the front for the plug, which I can't see.  I had to return it and buy a different one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money! This is a bad product. I am returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this item was not worth it.  the product name is "DIGITAL OPTICAL DVD RW CARDS" but when i went to get the product, i found out that it was "Digital Optical Discs".  i guess thats what they called it. i got them, but it is not worth the money i spent because the product is not working.  i would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received my new D-Link DIR-200 and I'm not impressed. I've used it for several months now and it has a very poor reception. In order to receive satellite or any other channel on it, I had to plug my car stereo directly into the antenna which in itself is a bad idea, but when I plugged my stereo into the DIR, the signal seemed to get worse, almost like it was getting blocked by the D-link. So, I sent it back for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These things work fine when you are playing games that have the usual high bandwidth requirements, but when I wanted to stream my own mp3's I ran into problems.  The playback would stutter every once in a while, the stream wouldn't move along at all.  I couldn't figure out why.  These will probably break soon.  They are not worth the money, unless you have lots of mp3 files to stream, in which case I would be better off with a SONY DVD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed in the price of this product. The sound quality was not as good as the other products I had used at the time. It sounded very tinny and did not have the crispness of the other headphones I had at the same time. The only reason I gave it a fair rating was that I had the option of keeping the stock cord and the headphones would fit my ears better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item in a quick sale so I was very disappointed with the product.  The software that is available to install it is not very user friendly and is not user friendly to the user.  It requires a full disk format with all partitions on it.  I would have recommended a different electronic device than the one I received if it was easy to install, and it is a bit cumbersome.  However, the product itself does not work well.  You will not get any help with it with the software that it offers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my Canon MP3 player.  It worked for a while but then stopped playing music.  The only way I can find to restart the player is to press the eject button on the front.  If I press it with the remote or the volume button, it will restart.  I'm really not happy with this product.  Don't buy it if you are looking for a reliable mp3 player with remote control 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work well with my PDA, I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my kids to use to get them online, and I was very disappointed.  I had to return it and get something more affordable.  It's a shame because it's a nice piece of kit, but I would not recommend this to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an old Sony cam that works with my new HP DLX2000 printer, but not with my previous HP.  HP says that this product is compatible with their previous model, but my previous model has a different serial number.  I'm having trouble getting it to print from my HP and it is getting damaged (a small scratch on the printhead) when it tries to print something larger than an A4 sheet of paper.  The ink cartridge has a small hole in it and it has to be replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These CDs were not as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product worked great for a while, but after a while it stopped functioning. I tried the same one in the past, but it stopped working after a few months. I have to buy a new one from Amazon, as they offer the same ones at half the price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this radio I had trouble setting it up. I had to reset the radios. The second time I had problems with it, I had a dead radio and had to return it. I will not buy the radio again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned this item to Amazon. Amazon does not want to credit me for the shipping charges.  I have not received any information regarding the refund or return.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earbuds don't fit my ears right.  I have earphones that fit my ear perfectly.  But these don't.  If you have larger ear canals, these may be a better option 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it had an included DVD burner and I wanted to use the included software to burn my DVDs, but I'm now looking for a cheaper DVD burner for it.  I am disappointed with this product, however I had a similar burner that worked well for my other DVD burner, but it was less than $30 and I couldn't be choosy about that!  It is a piece of junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item to use with a Canon PowerShot SX.  The only problem I've experienced is that I get lots of "stuck" in the camera's electronic device and can't get it to work.  I've returned it and bought a different Canon Powershot that works just fine with the SX.I am not sure how it is possible to get this item back in stock 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and I am sorry to say that I am disappointed.  It is not a single player type receiver.  I can only record one channel at a time.  In addition, the antenna is not directional.  What is needed is an antenna that has a directional antenna.  If this is not possible, then I will return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product.  I have had other products with the same label and have had them for a few months now and are still not performing well.  The sound is ok but the software on this product is very buggy and I have lost several files with it.  It is really a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total failure. I have had 2 of these units with different problems. One of them had the batteries dying within 30 minutes of being turned on.  The other unit had a slight problem with the sound quality.  I don't know what the problem is with the other unit because mine didn't have any problems with sound quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna was not working at all, and it was very difficult to find out the status. I am a new owner of a Netgear wireless router, and I do not know how to access the web interface to find the status, etc. This is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not buying this item anymore.  I have two of them now and they don't work anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is OK, but is not the fastest.  It does the job though, but I prefer the HP EliteBook 8480.  I have had no problems with mine, however, with the other HP laptops 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't understand how you can say you are getting this product with a lifetime warranty, when the manufacturer's warranty states that the product has a 1 year warranty.  If you have any doubts, just send it back to Amazon for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing that you'll notice is that the sound is way too loud.  I have a JVC J800 that has a small subwoofer (no speakers) and I've got it connected to my home theater with an external power source.  The JVC speakers do not have an equalizer that you can turn up to get better sound.  So I'm not sure why this is so loud 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this to store my digital media and it did not work.  It did not come with any type of case for it to protect it, which is a plus.  I returned it and got a replacement.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this, get something more reliable from a good electronic device, you will be disappointed.  The screen has a tendency to crack and burn your pictures, it can't be repaired and I haven't seen a difference in quality compared to the HP and Canon printers that are more expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had two of these and both of them failed in less than a year, both with my brand new Canon EOS 6D (the third I've owned). I had to return them. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this for a week and it is now very unreliable.  I have had to reset it to factory defaults several times and it now will not even boot from the CD.  It will go through the menu to boot to Windows and when it is done it will not boot again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to use with a Toshiba N500 and had to return it because the connectors would not stay connected. I don't want to waste money on something I dont use. I would rather spend the $20 it would have cost me to return the cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted a DVD player that would hold my DVD's. The problem is that it is so weak. The player will not hold any DVD's at all. It barely will hold half a DVD at a time, and it will eventually fail 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player did not work with my Mac G4, but it worked fine with my PowerMac G3.  I will not buy any other brand of CD player until I find a reliable CD player that works with my G3 (I've had a Toshiba PDA CD player for years and it's reliable).  I'm not saying this because I was burned, but because I want to make sure I'm getting the best CD player possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote was a little annoying, but once I figured out the keypad to press the buttons on the front to send text messages, it got better. The sound quality is not worth the price of admission.  I'm looking for a better remote and will be looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a friend and the CD player worked for about 1 month, then stopped working.  The only thing that worked was to plug in the remote which worked for a few seconds.  So the problem must have been with the remote, not the player itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card, thinking it would be a great deal since it is brand new. However, it doesn't work at all with my ATI card. The only reason it works is because I am using the new drivers.  I'm very disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is junk, its only good for DVD's and it does not have a feature to remove and replace it. I am sorry but its a shame to waste money on something like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried it out several times and it always works fine. But it does not work with the USB cable that I got from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't think this is worth the price.  Don't expect to use it with a printer and don't expect it to work well with ink!  If you are a heavy user, don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery has an expiration date of July 2007.  Don't buy this battery.  It's been almost 2 years since I purchased it.  I am going to sell it because I do not want it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is too long and not enough reception.  The signal strength is not that great for the price of this antenna.  I returned it and buy a better antenna.If you are looking for an antenna that is longer than the stock antenna, I suggest looking at this antenna from Amazon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know what it is but it is making a LOT of noise when playing songs.  It is very noisy when the volume is on the lowest setting.  I have it in the car and when I put it on the radio I turn it up to about 85% or so.  The sound is so poor that I had to turn the volume all the way up on the car radio to hear the music.  Don't buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great, but it is a pain to hook up.  I have to pull it out of the box and plug it into the wall.  The only thing I don't like is that it does not have a power port that is labeled with a label 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of its size and ability to handle high-res DVDs.  The case seems nice, but it is made of a very cheap plastic.  I have already torn it apart for the wires to come loose.  If you intend to store an expensive media inside, you will probably want to get something better.  Don't waste your money on this product, and get something made of better material 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I was having problems with my other Sony MP3 player (which was also a Sony product).  The player worked great for about a year and then stopped working for some reason.  It was a cheap plastic case, and it didn't have any sort of "open and close" feature.  I have since bought a plastic case that has a "open, close, remove" feature that works well.  Sony did not inform me of this when I bought it (I thought they'd inform me when I received it).  I hope the customer service is better than mine - I bought a $15 electronic device and got a $20 refund from them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get what you pay for. I would not purchase again. I have a Canon DVD recorder and my system crashed when I tried to copy it to the CD burner, then the CD player refused to boot. I then tried to reset the CD recorder to factory defaults and my DVD player refused, too. So I just burned my DVD to the DVD burner.  It did work for a few hours, then stopped working.I have a DVD player with a built-in optical drive.  So I will have to have it replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does the job but it's way too bulky and I have to take it out and carry it around every time I want to use my mp3 player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product.  I had to replace my D3 with a D3S because it stopped working.  The D3 is better quality but you get a better value in the D3.  Don't waste your money on this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this card for over 5 months now.  It has been a total failure in the recording quality of any digital material.  I am forced to use an external DVD recorder or record directly from the VLC player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item for a new HP Deskjet.  The software that came with it did not work properly and did not allow me to print photos, which I wanted to do.  I returned it for a refund.  If you are looking for a reliable printer that can print photos with ease, this is a bad product.  You will have to buy another printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earbuds will not stay in your ears, and it is really annoying.  It is not a bad headphones, just make sure you do not keep them in your ear all the time.  I did not notice this until I got my ears in a couple days later.  Don't waste your money on these! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was NOT as advertised.  The buttons do not respond when you press them.  I used the wireless mouse at work and it worked fine.  However, the Wireless Mouse does not have a QWERTY feature, which is very important for typing.  My office manager was not pleased with the item, and now he refuses to use it.  In addition, the mouse pad is not very comfortable, and the buttons don't feel very responsive.  So if you like the mouse, stay away from this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only used this product once, and it was in an airplane.  I was very dissapointed with this product.   I'm now looking for a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very poorly made.  It's not usable for even the smallest electronic device.  We are using it for an iPod and it is a complete pain in the butt to set up and use.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not expecting this to be the case, since it was on Amazon.com.  I am not too happy with it, since the first time I used it, it took about 5 minutes to switch from the old drive to the new one.  The instructions were not clear, and the user manual did not list any instructions for this.  Amazon.COM's return policy states that returned items must be returned within 30 days, so I hope they will change the return policy to 30 days or I will be looking for another case, at least for this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because the old one had a flat spot on the screen.  I was very disappointed in the quality of the screen...not very sharp, and the picture is blurry.  Overall, it is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for 2 months, and it did not work.  I bought another brand for $15, so I'm really looking for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get what you pay for.  The battery life is not that great, but the software for the printer is lacking.  It will not print any longer than you want.  Save your money, and save yourself the hassle of buying another battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this was to protect my ipod from scratches.  The headphones themselves are great but the cases are useless.  I have had my case for three weeks now and am very disappointed with the result.  My headphones have begun to scratch and the buttons have started to wear out.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very skeptical about the product since the warranty was only one year.  After a few weeks of testing, I've come to the conclusion that the product I received was defective.  I did not receive the replacement part.  This is an extremely frustrating experience, but I am hopeful that the replacement parts I am receiving are in fact as good as the original ones.  The replacement part is NOT included with the original product, so I am very worried about the cost of replacing my printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK.  I wish the microphone was quieter.  The battery lasts for about a week.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product because you need a DVD player.  Buy something else because this is a piece of junk.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is OK, but not great. The battery life is OK.  The only real problem is the fact that the earbuds have a built in microphone.  Don't use those unless you want to talk to people in your office.  I have to turn it on every time I want to use the earphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will need to purchase a new cable, if you plan to use it with an HDTV or another digital device.  Amazon's 1 meter 1/8" mini-RCA cable will work fine for most HDTVs, but will not work with the new 1/4" HDMI cable Amazon offers.  You'll need to buy an adapter or use a mini-DIN cable to connect the 1/2" mini to the HDTV, which is an $80 extra. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item from Amazon and the picture quality is not what I expected.  The pictures were very dim, with a lot of detail missing.  My picture is still good with the stocker camcorder.  It's a shame because I could have gotten much more for the price, but I'll be looking for something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for a new printer.  The printer wouldn't work for anything other than copying.  I had to return it and get a different printer. I got a HP-P4000G (with a built-in CD drive).  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These speakers don't hold a lot of air, so I had to turn the volume down.  I had no problems with any of the other speakers in my car, and the sound quality was very poor.  The speakers sound like you are driving in a very small car.  They also produce a lot more background noise than you'd like, especially in the backseat.  If you want to listen to the radio, I'd go for a set of speakers that cost more.  You won't regret getting these speakers if you want decent sound in your car. However, if you are just looking for a way to cut back on the sound, I would look at speakers that aren't so big.  These sound great but they are just too big to use in the rear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why they keep saying they are only 1/2 inch.  I have a small flat case, and they are 2/3 inch. This is just ridiculous.  The volume is only about half of what I need. I would not buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not work at all.  I have bought several of them, and none of them work.  The screen is constantly blinking and the software is very unstable.  It doesn't have any other software that I can find, so I don't know what else is causing this.  Either it's a problem with my motherboard or it's something with the software 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had a Canon 7D and a Canon 50D, both purchased for use as a photo printer.  The Canon 7Ds was the better printer, and the Canon 50Ds has performed very well.  I now have to return both, as the printer I got from Amazon did not work with the Canon 7d.  It would not print out the pictures.  Don't buy this product, it is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this and it didn't work.  I was very disappointed and was a bit worried.  Don't buy this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure I can do it, but it's way to expensive to have to buy the same item to connect to your TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an old, cheap, and useless radio. The sound is ok, but the reception is very unreliable. I have to keep trying to get it on the air, and it will not work at all. I'm sure that other people who own this radio have experienced the same thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife and we had to replace the batteries in it with new ones, which was a mistake.  The batteries last longer when the radio is on but do not last when it is off.  They also make the radio inoperable if you turn the radio off too often.  I will never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return it to Amazon because the CD-ROM worked on it but not on the DVD.  Amazon's customer service department told me that the product had been defective and not sold correctly.  If this were a true defect, Amazon should be liable for return of the defective item to me.  I returned it to the seller and Amazon did not give me a refund.  The DVD player worked fine on Amazon's website but not when I used it in my car 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this case as a gift.  Unfortunately it has a nasty smell when the lid is closed.  It is not sealed very well.  I cannot even use it to take pictures without stinking.  The case is very heavy, so be careful.  A bad electronic item that you don't want to be using for a long period of time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does work, but you really have to watch for the speed to be in the 5-7MP range.  I had a speed of 9.8MP and it was not that reliable.  Do not buy this product, unless you plan on buying the fastest speed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk.  I have been buying from Amazon for years and have had them all of them.  Amazon is now claiming it's a replacement product.  You can save a little money on Amazon and save your customer $60 dollars if you go to a real electronics store.  My recommendation is avoid Amazon and purchase something from eBay or another electronic device.  Buy something with a better quality sound.  They are not worth $60 and the customer support for this product is nonexistent 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was fine but the sound quality wasn't great.  I would suggest looking elsewhere if you don't mind the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These earphones have a tendency to go out on a regular basis. The earpieces do not last and the cables are not worth the hassle to replace. If you want to get the best earphones for your money, look for better ear buds or earbuds instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return it as it wouldn't work. I think it's a new problem. I bought it from Amazon and it's not Amazon's official refurbished item so I guess Amazon can't ship refurbished. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is not that great and there is no way to control it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It did not work with my HP L2, it had to be upgraded to L2+ by my HP representative.  I am sure that HP can do a better job of this but if I get it again, I will try to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased a second pair of this unit and it does not work anymore.  I've tried to send a technical support request to Apple support but it is not possible anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the CD player seemed to be working fine for my son, but after several days he complained it wouldn't play any CD.  I was very disappointed with the fact that he wasn't even able to hook it up to his car's radio to play his MP3's, and when I brought it up on the web, it said it had "unable to detect the radio".  I returned it as soon as possible, as I was soooo disappointed.  My advice is not to buy this because it's a piece of junk!  I have bought several of the MP3 players on Amazon.com that do work, and they all cost more than $50.  Don't waste your money!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife's car to replace the CD player she's had for three months. It was great for the first few months but the CD didn't play for about 2 months.  I'm sure this was my fault. I would buy something else for her 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speakers sound OK, but when I'm watching the movie, it's a struggle to get the speakers to turn on. The remote does not have any buttons or function to turn the speakers on and off, so you have to rely on the speakers for this function 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried the case on the Web site and had a bad response. I sent it back and they sent me a new one. This case has the wrong color, I think they got the wrong model. The color on the one I received was very dark and looks cheap.  I also found that the case does not fit the new Sony A1S1, they have different widths and thicknesses and it won't fit the Sony A3. I don't know how the case would fit other Sony A-series cameras, I'm guessing it won a lot of the cameras but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this cable to use as a replacement for my old pair of headphones.  They just weren't as loud as my old ones.  It also was much more expensive.  Now, I'm looking for a new pair, but this cable is no better than my old one.  If you want to get more out of your stereo, don't buy this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item as a replacement for my last Sony mouse.  The sound is okay but the problem is that it is a little too thick for my liking.  It also is not very reliable with it's scroll wheel.  I can only scroll with it at a little bit of a distance, so it can be a little fussy to use, but I'm not sure if it's the mouse or the unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this case to keep my MacBook Air in.  It does not hold my laptop at all.  If you buy the other type, buy it before you need it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money, not worth the hassle, very unreliable, I have been ripped off twice by Amazon and Amazon customer service are not helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very flimsy product.  The connectors are fragile.  My wife and I lost both ends of a $10 connection when one of them broke.  You should not buy this.  I returned it.  Buy something with a nicer name instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking that I had purchased a better version of a Sony product.  I was wrong.  The sound is mediocre at best.  It does not compare to the Sony product with the same price.  If you are looking for a cheap radio with a big, beautiful LCD screen, this is not it.  Buy a cheaper product such as a Panasonic. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i have purchased these speakers for about 2 years now.  i purchased them for the sound and they never last a year.  after i purchased the speakers i started noticing a big difference in sound quality.  my neighbors who use them have complained about the sound quality so i bought a new set of speakers.  the sound is much louder and has a more distinct edge to it.  these speakers are a waste of money.  you could get better sound from your set of headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones do NOT have a microphone!  The reason for this is that the drivers for this model are not compatible with the newer Mac OS X drivers that come with drivers for most popular headphones, such as Sony MDR1.2 and Beats Studio.  There is no way of telling which is which, and you would have to buy new drivers for each one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is nice and sturdy, but the case clips so tightly that if I'm sitting on it and it drops on my foot, I'm dead. I'm hoping they will release a better design in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product on May 15th and have received it only today. I have a Canon T4 camera that is in the dark room with the front door open and the light on, so I do not know what will happen to it, if it will work, if the power will be interrupted, if my batteries will run out, etc.  It is supposed to last me several months with use, but I am in for the money and this product is not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not usable for the purpose it was intended for.  The antenna does not extend far enough to get the signal I need to receive TV's and AM stations.  It would be great if they would just add some foam or something to make it more comfortable to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this because the batteries won't hold a charge for more than a few hours. They do last for awhile, but they go off when you aren't using them. Don't waste your money. I will never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not functional and is just a novelty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card did not work with my Mac, but it did work with Windows XP.  I bought this card hoping it would work with OSX.  Unfortunately, it doesn't work with Mac OSX because the drivers are outdated, and there is no official support for it on Mac OS X.  For Windows XP, it works fine, but don't expect it to work with XP, because it is Windows only.  If you want to use XP on your Mac, buy a Mac with drivers for XP (or a similar operating system).  For more information, see here: http://www.reviewmagazine.com/reviews/hardware/gigabyte-x-400-pro-512mb-g2-800m-of-memory-for-x86-386-vista-64.html 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to play DVD movies. It is ok, but not as fast as an older model that I use.  I have also tried to repair the disc and have had no luck.  Will be returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received it yesterday and it has a very low quality sound.  I can't even listen to it on my laptop because it cuts out all the time.  It is a waste of money and I wouldn't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money at all.  Would not work with my laptop.  Should have returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not found a good electronic device for my Sony Walkman, so I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a complete waste of money.  I have a Samsung laptop with the same CD player, and I can't even tell the difference in sound quality.  The only difference is the volume.  For me, it would have been better to get an iPod for the money. I also purchased this with my daughter, but she is not a tech and was unable to figure out how to set it up correctly.  It is a complete failure in the quality of sound, and the only positive review I can give it is that it's easy to remove, but it's a hassle to return the CD player to its original packaging 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not a big deal, but it doesn't work. The remote is a little finicky to use.  I used it for 2 hours, then it didn't work anymore.  My car radio is a Sony unit, so it's a bit odd that it doesn, but not Sony. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this for her son, and he doesn't like it.  I tried everything to get it to work, and it still won't work.  The first time I plugged it into the TV, the sound would cut out.  He also can't get it off of the TV unless it's turned off and then it will work.I will be returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is only worth a few bucks. The sound quality is not good at all.  I had a different product with better specs for my home and this is just not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it has an RFID reader on it.  Unfortunately, I've found out that this reader is not compatible with the newer versions of Windows XP.  I've had no luck finding any Windows XP drivers that support this reader on any of the Windows XP-based Windows XP installations I've tried, so I've returned it. --  I suggest anyone who needs an RF scanner to get an RFMORPE product that supports XP. The scanner was originally made for Windows 95, which is no longer supported by Microsoft.  If it's still a viable product, they'll sell it to you again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very poor and the speakers don't hold up very well.  The product is a complete waste of money.  Buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these, not knowing the battery life was going to be limited. I have not been able to make any videos with these batteries yet, so I am returning them. I'm not an idiot and I will not be wasting my money on a bad battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This radio will not work in my car.  The antenna is too far away from the radio.  Don't buy this radio if you want to use it in your car.It would be better if I could receive and send radio signals to my car from my computer, which I do.  It is too expensive for its lack of functionality.  I do not use this radio because I think it is useless.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD burner on this machine is slow, so if you have lots of DVDs to burn, I suggest buying a DVD burner with better speed.  It would be nice if this machine would use the standard CD burner.  The software for burning DVD's is not intuitive.  I will try the software on my next machine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted to use the same CD player in both the front and back seats of my car.  The product is OK, but it's not as big as the car radio, and it's more expensive.  I returned it because the buttons don't work.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item after reading the reviews.  The product does not work with Windows XP, and there is no software that allows the user to control it remotely.  I have a new copy of Windows XP that has a better driver.   I wish that the manufacturer would improve this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a cd player from Amazon, and I had to return it. The unit did not have a cd slot. I couldn't find any of the cd's I had bought from Amazon on Amazon's site.  Amazon has been very slow in getting my replacement product, which I will be receiving this weekend.  I have not found a CD player with a cd port that is as reliable as this unit. Amazon should really take care of their customers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as a gift for my husband and he is a Mac user.  The iPod would not play any MP3 or CD at all.  I returned it and the company would not refund it.  Amazon.com is not an acceptable electronic device company.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this product to Amazon after Amazon refused to honor my return request for faulty electronic device.  Amazon was not helpful and offered no help in return procedure.  I would not recommend Amazon for electronic device repair 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the cd player is very unreliable and very slow. i bought this player because of the reviews. i don't know if its because its a new model. i have to turn it on and off every 5 minutes because the CD player won't turn back on.i bought a better player in the past and it works perfectly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a Sony DLSR4 and it was delivered with some major defects.  The sound is poor, and the picture quality is very poor.  I am returning it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this if you are not using a high-powered system. You will get a lot more noise if you do.  I bought the XL model and it is much quieter than the XL.  If you use a high power system and don't care about the volume, go for the XL because it is quieter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was delivered broken. I returned it and got another product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a junk product. It was never used for a single day.  The sound is terrible.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product twice, and both times it worked, but it was not worth the money.  The first time it worked fine, but when it was installed the next day, it would not work.  I could see the light, but could not see the radio.  After a few minutes, it began to crackle and would not function properly.  This product is not worth its money. I will never purchase from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received this product, and I have to say, it does NOT WORK!! It is not working with the Microsoft Media Center software that comes with it.  The product has to be manually added into Microsoft Media center to get it working.  It is a piece of junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for a Christmas gift for my dad. He didn't use them. Now he can't use his CD player because it is broken.  I have called Sony and they said they have no idea how this happened.  The product is worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because the "battery life" claim was great.  I've been using it about a month and it still hasn't made any difference in my battery life.  The only reason I gave it a try was because I was a big fan of the HP Pavilion dv71 and I wanted a "big battery" for my laptop.  It is a disappointment.  What I expected to save me time and battery life is something I don't even have any chance of doing anymore.  Do not waste your money on this product unless you want to pay $30 for a battery that doesn't do much.  There are much better options.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used several brand name iPods and this is by far the worst.  The sound is very weak.  This product makes the sound worse than the iPod itself.  I bought the iPod Nano because I was looking for a smaller iPod.  But if you buy this product it is a rip off.  It will not hold a charge and will eventually go flat and break.  Don't waste your money on this product.  Buy a Panasonic product. I am a big fan of Panasonic products and will never buy another brand name iPod 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not expecting this to be able to record from my Panasonic LAS970. The first time I tried to record something, it would hang.  It would then reboot, and it would record again.  I returned it and got the Panasonic L-E500. I had to return both because the first one had a serious bug.  The L-D500 would just freeze, and there would be nothing else recorded.  If you try to record anything at all from this, don't expect it to work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product because it was so cheap. I bought the same thing with a slightly different name and received the same item.  The CD-ROM drive worked fine for about 2 months, then I got a new one and it quit working.  Now I am using my other brand new Sony DVD player that works just fine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my iPod from Amazon and it came with the CD player.  The only problem was that the player could not read my CD's at all.  Amazon would not fix the problem and sent me a new one.  I am very disappointed with the new player.The player worked fine on my old iPod, but it is very slow.  It will waste your time just sitting there.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because of the reviews on Amazon.  Unfortunately, this cable does not work with the new Samsung UN6500 (A.K.A. the new Sony ZX Series) DVD player.  Sony sells their new player with a "universal" type of cable.  The new "universal cable" uses the older type of the Sony cable, which is not compatible with the newer Samsung player.It is not that hard to plug the Sony player into your Samsung cable.The new Sony cable is much less bulky, and is not as rigid.  I can't even feel the plastic cable anymore when I plug it in.  In addition, the new player doesn't have an on/off switch that allows you to switch between the Sony and Samsung player in the remote control.  So if you want to switch from Sony to Samsung player, you'll have to turn the player off and on to make the switch.The Sony cable will last for years.  But you'll need to buy another Sony cable (the original Sony cable sold by Amazon) if you ever want to use this Sony player with any other brand.  After a while, you won't be able to use the Sony controller anymore, because Sony doesn't make the Sony "universal controller" anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure what this is, but I had a previous Toshiba TV that would not play DVDs with an HDCP copy protected disc.  I tried other brands, none of which worked.  This unit is totally useless for watching DVDs!  It can barely watch the movie, which is the only thing it can do, because it does not have an optical drive!  I will never buy this again, unless they make it in a different size. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speakers do not work with Windows XP. The manufacturer should have tested these before shipping them out to customers.  If your system does not have the Windows XP drivers installed, you will be unable to use the speakers. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this product for 2 weeks now and have not seen any improvement.  The software has not updated for the last week.  I will not buy any more product from Sony.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i am returning this item to amazon.  it is very slow and not worth it for $40.  i don't know why Amazon would sell such a bad item at such a low price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item thinking that it would be an upgrade from my previous product.  It is not.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the memory card is not included. the software is a bit confusing and not user friendly. if you want to upgrade to a new version, you will need to get the software that is already installed. i don't recommend this card, i'd have to go through Amazon to get it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received the new battery and I'm still trying to find a good one to use.  The unit worked for a few days, but then it stopped working and I had to return it.  I'm not satisfied with this product, and will never buy another Panasonic battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a plastic disc that was damaged and could not be used. I did get it replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not the best.  The picture was washed out and there were very few spots in the picture that were clear and crisp.  It was not as good as the Nikon D3200.  I was really disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i had to return this product for a refund. i tried to return it at first, but i couldn't locate the return address. so i did it anyway. but they wouldn't refund me for the shipping charges, so i'm out the money, too 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these headphones for my wife to use while driving and she didn't like them. They were loud and made her head very uncomfortable.  After some research, I found that the earphones used for my car (Pilot Sports Sport Earphones) use an inline cord instead of the standard headphone cord, so I had to return the headphones to Amazon.  I had hoped that Amazon would send me the inline cord to try. I did receive the inline cords, however, and I will never use these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return it.  It only works with Windows XP.  Don't buy this product unless you are using Windows XP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a disappointment. The picture is great, but the remote was too small. I was looking for something with a better look and feel.  I ended up going with the Logitech Z-7 Wireless Receiver and it is an excellent product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a defective unit.  After I returned it for a replacement unit, I received one that did not work properly, i.e. it would not recognize any of the software I had loaded.  So now I have to return my defective units.  My original unit, which worked fine for about 5 months, now cannot function properly.  I am hoping that a refund will be accepted, as the unit is not even worth my time to send back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It did not work with my MacMini and it was not a quick response to a customer.  I called back and the tech person who answered did not help me, instead he told me to get the support service number.  If you call them and you do not get an answer, I do not think it is a good electronic device, I will never buy from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not even sure if it's a problem with my computer.  If it is, it would be very hard to get this thing to work.  The drivers don't recognize it and I have to reinstall them to get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they were the lowest priced and had the best performance.  They don't even hold up to the "real" performance. i plugged them into the back of my i3, it did not work.  I will never purchase them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed a scanner and it looked like it would fit my apartment.  It did not.  I returned it in a few days and they gave me a new one.  The scanner is junk.  Don't buy this unless you want to get ripped off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product.  It is very fragile and only works with the DVD player.  You need a higher speed drive to play it.  The software is very buggy and not very user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason for me buying this product is that it had 4 USB ports and 1 eSata port.  The rest of the product was a complete mess.  There is very little room to plug the eSATA into the USB port, and the case that comes with the product is so short that it will not fit inside.  I would have given this a lower rating if I had known that there was a chance it would not hold my 500gb iPod 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable because I wanted to be able to connect my iPod to the TV via HDMI without having to plug it in to the wall socket.  I expected it to have some degree of robustness.  Well, not so.  The first time I used this cable (to connect my iPaq to the television) the iPod died.  It was a very long time before the iPod would boot up and function correctly.  Don't buy this cable unless you want it to be a "cable" to keep the iPod from breaking, which is a rare occurrence. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works for the price.  But not for the sound quality.  I used the supplied drivers to get a more realistic sound, but it doesn't really come close to what the real sound is like when listening to my mp3 player or mp3's played through my car stereo system.  The volume was not as loud as when I used my internal speakers.  Don't waste your money on this, it is a waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought many brand new printers over the years, and have always been satisfied with them.  One thing I never did was to buy this particular printer.  My new HP HP LBP9600 did not work for me, but was still relatively new.  I returned it and got a Dell HP LM6000.  After a month of use (not very long, but it was a lot of work), the ink cartridge began to leak.  A week later the printer was returned and I got an HP LMP500.  HP's website is very confusing, as there are different brands of ink (some are cheaper and others are more expensive), and different cartridges.  The ink cartridge was expired and the ink could not be refilled, so I had to return the printer and buy new cartridges. The new HP LLP500 would not print properly, and I did not receive any replacement ink cartridges.I did not get the best print quality when I used the HP LHP500 because the ink was not as well suited for color reproduction.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not as sturdy as I expected.  Might have been a problem with the unit as the case I bought it from was made from a bad quality material, not as nice as I would've expected for a high quality case.  Will be returning it.  I hope it was just a bad case and not a common problem with this unit.  If it is the case you bought from me, I would suggest you buy a different brand and maybe buy a lower quality case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked for a few minutes, but then died. I would not buy this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will get the best reception if you plug your antenna directly into the receiver, and the antenna is small and prone to interference.  Don't bother if you're using an antenna that's a lot bigger than your receiver.  They will cause your receiver to lose its signal.  I'm using an ARIA 40M for my reception, but it works just as well.  The ARIA antenna works fine, but the receiver has a lot of unwanted noise that can be distracting.  There's a better receiver out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this unless you are willing to spend an extra $50 on the brand name brand. The picture quality is subpar. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because I needed a digital device to hook my DVD player up to my TV.  It does the job, but it is not the best cable I've ever used.  I had to hook it up to the TV with the included HDMI cable, which has a very short reach.  The TV does not have a "loop" feature that allows you to hook up your TV to another device and then hook up the TV's remote.  In addition, I had trouble with the remote's operation, as I often had to press buttons to get it to switch channels 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because I have an HP DL6000 with an optical drive and I wanted a USB thumb drive for my personal use.  I have never been able to get it to work.  The product description stated that it was compatible with the DL6000 and it appears that is true.  However, it does not have the ability to access the hard drive when it is being used as an external drive, as the product does not appear to have an option to access it from within Windows.  It would be great if the product were compatible with Windows XP.  But I will be returning it in a few weeks for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the product for 2 months and the memory card works.  I am now returning it.  The card has a chip in it which is not compatible with the card I used.  This card does not have a built in RF scanner to check the radio frequencies in the card.  What a complete waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it for $50.00 on sale, but it is NOT worth the money!  First of all it only fits 10 CDs, and not 2, as I expected.  I have to remove the CD and insert the case to use it.  My CD player is a Sony MP3 player, which has a case.  So I can't use it with the CD player case.I have used several CD players, and this one is by far the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this. The picture is excellent, but the sound is so-so.  You will get better sound with a better player, but for now you will have to compromise to get the picture and sound you want.  I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get better speakers from an iPod, but this one is no better.  The speakers don't sound any better than the ones with the speakers that came with it, so I just don't see any difference in the sound quality.  I will never buy another iPod again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the others I have had don't work at all.  It is only for the iPod, which has a tiny internal space.  If you want to use your iPod's hard drive (or any other type of memory) on the TV, this will not work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took me forever to get it up and running, and it is not very good, in terms of sound quality and ease of use.  I would not recommend this product for any serious electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these batteries because I had to use them while I was on the road.  I was very disappointed.  They were a piece of junk.  The case leaked during my flight, and I was left with nothing to put in my luggage.  My suggestion is that they be left in the bag or use the original batteries that are included in the case.  These ones are worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It isnt a good thing when you have to spend so much money on something only to find out that you dont have it.  But, if it doesnt work, then I am really bummed out because this wasnt supposed to be.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm on an HP laptop with a small fan, so this product just didn't perform very well.  My fan is not even turning on in full load.  It's OK for the desktop I guess, but I'll be looking for a different fan 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product a week ago.  I haven't had any luck with it yet.  The screen seems to have been damaged.  There is a red tint to the screen when it is not fully powered.  If this is the case, then I am out of luck.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would have preferred something better than this product.  It has a nice looking light but it is very flaky, if not always functioning.  I had to throw it away because I couldn't use it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of the small size of the CD's.  I did not expect the size to be the same as the CD player in my car.  The sound is so-so.  In some cases the bass is worse than my car speakers.  Other times the sound is ok.  There are many other CD players in my area that are much better.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this card for a few months now.   It has just stopped working.  The card worked great for the first few months and now just stops working. I'm hoping there is a new model out. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking that it would be just what I needed to make recording work on my car, but it is very expensive. I do not recommend buying this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife to use for her personal laptop.  They were supposed to be the best in the market, but they don't hold a charge very well.  I would not buy them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure if this is the same thing as the HP Deskjet G10 but it has a "warranty" sticker.  I've never seen it in use and I'm sure it isn't the same product.  It doesn't seem to be able to power on my laptop.  If you have a HP laptop this is a big problem because it is supposed to be a "power on" device.  But since my laptop was already "on" I didn't even try to get it to power up.  So, it's probably a problem with my HP.  On the plus side the printer is very small so I wouldn't want to buy another HP if I could get it for free 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is good, but the built in earphones have a horrible sound. I bought this to use in my car, but it didn't work. The sound quality is fine for driving, but I don't have to listen to the sound any longer.The built in speakers are very weak and the microphone is small and poorly designed.  I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my Sony Vaio, and it does not work with my DVD player.  I'm using the included Sony cable, and the included cable worked with my Sony DVD player when I tried it out with my Vaio.  Sony is not a good electronic device when it comes to cable connections, and this cable just isn't the right one for my Va 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this in store, only to have the power cut out in a couple of months.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and was hoping for a great electronic device.  My main concern was that the CD player could not play MP3's.  After some research, I decided to try a Panasonic MP3 player.  I was disappointed because the Panasonic is NOT MP3 compatible.  The problem is that the Panasonic player cannot output MP3.  Not being able to play MP 3's is a big disappointment since I bought it as an MP3 device.I do not recommend this product.  If you want a good mp3 player, buy an iPod, which is MP3 ready.  It is a great product for the price and has better sound quality than this Panasonic product.If you plan to use this mp3 receiver, buy the iPod player that is MP4 compatible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't think this product is capable of producing accurate scans and color photos. I have used it to scan some real photos that I am not familiar with. It seems to produce a bad scan or a slightly different color than what I would have expected from the original photo.  The scanner does not accept the color profiles that are stored in the card, so you have to set the profiles manually. I would not recommend this product for color photography 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was really disappointed with the performance of this player.  I have the Sony player with its original battery, which has performed beautifully for years.  The batteries in this player were apparently replaced shortly after I received the unit, leaving me with a very high-energy battery, in the upper-end of its range.  This means that the player has a short life and can be expected to last only a few months before it needs to be replaced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item and was told it was a good electronic device, but not very durable.  I just got a new case that will protect it much better, so I'm returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure what it is, but I have had this system for three days now.  It is completely unreliable and the battery is getting really low.  I will have to return it to Amazon.  This is a complete waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm new to Windows 8, and this card is not compatible with my system.  The card itself is not the problem.  What's wrong is that the DVD drive that comes with it is broken.  I've tried to fix it and it won't work anymore.  This card is a total waste of money.  If you have a DVD drive you don't care about the card, this card might be ok for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my brother.  He is a big fan of the Sony DVD player and he really likes the sound quality.  I wanted to get rid of the old ones in the cabinet and had to return it because of their low performance.  Sony is now selling an upgrade kit for the DVD player that is only worth $10 and it will fit into the same cabinet as the original.  The sound quality is OK but the performance is much worse than the original player.  There is a small chance that it will work in the new player but you will have to pay $40 for a new player and this one is too expensive for what it is.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I am a student.  It is very small and has a small range.  I don't like the fact that it is a wireless mouse.  The range is great though and it is easy to use.  However, it is not the mouse that I expected.  You can only use it on the screen.  If you want to do something else, such as print or look at the web, you have to turn the mouse on and off again, which is a pain when you want something else to do while your mouse is on the desktop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had this product for a week and it is not as well as I expected.  It was advertised to be able to hold up to 30 CDs and could not.  I would never buy a CD player with a limited amount of space if I could avoid it.  If you don't plan on using a lot of CDs, this player may be a good buy.  The quality of this player is not the greatest but I am not confident that it can hold up in a serious situation. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for two months now. I have done everything I can to prevent it from dying, but I can't believe that the battery can't last an entire year.  I purchased it for a good electronic device that I didn't expect to die.  Unfortunately, the battery is dead on the first day of every month.  Don't buy this product.  It's a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My unit died after 2 months. It would not work anymore.  I tried the manufacturer's replacement module, which did not work.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had my Panasonic TV for almost 7 months now. I used the original DVD player and this unit is not the same as the previous. The sound quality is still the same, but the picture quality is noticeably worse. I am having problems with my Panasonic player, but when I tried the TV, it worked fine.  I did not get a receipt for the new player, which is not an issue.  The TV is no longer capable of playing DVDs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My car has a new radio, and the radio is still not working.  I do not understand why it is not working right now.  The radio is new and the factory installation DVD that came with it is for the new radio.  If you have a radio that is already working, I would return it right away.  It will just be replaced with another one that will be less expensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones do not fit well. I had to get new ones that fit.  The cups are small. The cord is a little too short.  I will be returning these to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product worked fine for my iPod but I cannot get it to work with my HP Pavilion laptop which is an HP branded product.  I did not try to print it so I do not know if it is related to the HP Pavilion printer I bought 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is average. It is the only bad thing about this product.  You can easily get better pictures with a better camera.  Don't buy this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a joke. the product has very limited functionality. the software to configure it is extremely unstable and buggy.  if you have a wireless printer that has a built in printer and it has a wireless antenna, don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing doesn't work. I have a Canon EOS 50D and this card works just fine. The problem is that I have no idea what the correct card size is. I don't have a camera that has a built in flash, so the card does not work unless I use it as a flash in my camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a better CD player.  I bought this one because it was small, had the iPod dock, had an option for iPod dock and was advertised as being a "smart" CD player, but it is not.  It does NOT have a CD player or iPod dock!  Don't waste your money on this product!  I would have returned it had I known the truth.  Don`t waste your time buying it from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very expensive printer. The quality is terrible and it is extremely slow. I am not sure why they are still selling this. If you don't have the budget for a HP printer, don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these ear buds for my daughter, who is about 6 months old. I thought they would be a nice addition to her ears.  They did not help at all.  I had to return them because I couldn't get them to stay in place on my daughter's ears 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a bit of a pain to use, but it does work.  The product has a number of problems.  First, it doesn't work with the AT&T network, and second, the sound quality is horrible.  I'm using the Microsoft XP version, which is a bit more expensive, but with the same features and specs.  Hopefully I can get Microsoft to fix it, but I'll have to keep using the CD player that I already have 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received the DVD burner that I had ordered.  I thought I had received it at the end of the day.  The burner is very slow.  You will not use it for more than about 15 minutes.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's an old model with a plastic case. The buttons are not easily accessible so you have to push them a little to get them to work. The screen is not very bright and the volume is very low. The included DVD player works ok. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's ok, but it's not worth the money.  Don't waste your money on this.  It won't play DVDs and it won't burn them.  The software is buggy and will sometimes make the program quit on a bad disc.  I used to use it for my HP digital camera, but now I have to find another product that does both. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered these to use with a Sony printer that is very slow to print. The results are not acceptable.  I have had to use the included paper towel to keep the ink flowing to the paper and to prevent it from smearing on the paper.  Don't buy this printer.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for a Sony PC and it did not work with my Mac. I returned it and bought a different brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product and I'm very disappointed. The product was defective and did not work with my router. I sent it back and am not refunding it. I also contacted Amazon support and the customer service representative I spoke to was very slow and very unfriendly. I don't even know if they will refund my money because I don's know how much it was. Amazon is not the best for customer service and support 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this item.  The DVD drive is junk.  I am not going to use this product again.  Don't buy from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because it is a lower price than the ones I had previously.  I am very disappointed with it.  The buttons don't work.  There is also an "invisible" screen that doesn't turn on until you press it. This is a big deal, because I wanted to use it for a video recording and had a friend who has a Sony PX100 and I had to explain what the "screen" is to him. I am extremely disappointed in this product and will not purchase another Sony product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the cheapest mouse I've ever bought.  If you have a lot of weight to spare, then you will find yourself spending a fortune on this mouse.  Don't get it.  I would say it is a 50/50 proposition for me and my mouse but since it is so light, I would go with the lighter mouse. I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had it for a year, and after an unsuccessful upgrade to the latest version, it broke.  Not worth the price if you want a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this and was not happy with the quality.  The sound quality was OK but the picture quality was very poor.  I will never order this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card because I needed something for my digital camera and I couldn't afford to replace my existing Sony card with something more powerful.  It didn't work right away and I lost my original card, which was my only memory card.  This card is junk, don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my wife and it does not work.  I can see the signal, but the sound is not.  The other thing is that they do not have any pictures on this cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My phone worked fine for the first 2 months, then I lost signal and now I have to call the support number for it to be replaced. The support person said the phone is only good if it is connected via USB.  I was very disappointed in this.  It would have been cheaper to get another brand from a good electronic device company. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why the first thing I do is return the card.  I thought it might be the first time it had worked since my last one.  After the second attempt I returned it and bought a new card that did work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description says that it is a DVD player, but it isn't.  It is a camcorder.  I am a big fan of camcorders.  But this is not a cam.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been buying these memory cards for over 10 years now.  The only thing that stopped me from getting them at the first store I went to was their low price.  They were only $4.00 a dozen when I bought them at my local store.  But when I checked them out, I discovered they didn't work at all.  I could not even insert a new memory card into the slot, let alone put it in the computer.  In fact, when I tried to insert a second card into my computer it would not even recognize the second card and would reboot.  It is clear to me that the first generation memory cards I bought for my laptop would not work for this particular computer.My advice is NOT to buy these memory card.  Go elsewhere and get something else.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried several times to get it to work with my new mp3 player but it never worked.  I have an ATI card that is not supported by ATI software (the software that is on my mp3 is not the same that is in the player itself) and I did not have the software to set up the driver to get the software working with the ATI card.  All the other drivers I tried also did not work with the player.  It is now sitting in the corner of my room with the mp3 and the ipod player on the same floor.  The ipod is a Sony model.  So, there are several things I can do to try and fix it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPod Mini is not a small iPod and it has to be placed on a countertop to be usable. I have had to return two iPods because the battery has died and is not replaceable. I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was delivered to me by Amazon and it looked great. However, I was a little disappointed when it actually started. I was able to get it to work for a little while, but after about 20 minutes it began to randomly hang up and stop.  I don't know if it was the power supply or the software, but it was definitely a problem with the item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product will NOT WORK with the new Microsoft XBOX (XBOX 360).The instructions in the manual for installation are incorrect. Do NOT attempt to install this product without the help of a knowledgeable person! This product is not supported by Microsoft. The product WILL NOT WORK if it is installed by a non-Microsoft representative! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item with the expectation that it would work as advertised.  After a week of use, it is very slow and doesn't work with my computer at all.  I will never purchase any other products from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not designed for the low-power, low-capacity notebook computers that are sold in the US. I bought one and the printer has a very high build quality, but it is not capable of printing over 500 sheets of paper. I returned it and purchased a better printer for $20 more. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was broken.  I have had no luck with this product in the past.  It would not charge my phone, I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very skeptical about the $60 price tag for this card.  I figured I could just return it, and save a lot of money.  Turns out I'm very fortunate.  If you plan on having multiple computers, this card might be overkill.  It does support the newest Mac OS, so it will support new Mac OS releases, which are usually supported by newer versions of Windows (even though they are sometimes older versions of XP).  However, it does not support Windows XP for the Mac OS 10.1 and 10.2, which is what I use.  So if you have Windows XP, I recommend getting an 8GB version of the card. Otherwise, you'll get a half or a quarter of a gigabyte, and you can't use the card with the latest versions of Mac OS... I recommend at least getting a 1GB version, but it's not worth spending $60 on an underpowered 1GB card.If you use it with a Mac OS that is supported by Windows XP (and that is a very small percentage of the computers), this card will be OK.  However if you use Mac OS X 10.3 or 10.4 (or even 10.5), it's a huge waste of money... and you should be looking for a higher capacity card... if you can afford it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with Windows XP.  The installation process is also a pain in the ass 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this antenna to pick up a free signal from my FM radio.  I was amazed when I realized how much signal I was losing.  It was not an antenna I purchased to be able to pick-up free signals from the radio.This antenna does not pick up the FM signal at all, it is a total waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use for my digital device (CD player) and it did not work out.  The volume was too high and the sound was not clear.  I returned it and purchased a cheaper item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as a spare to use in my new Canon 6D and after a few weeks they started to break down.  I have not used them for any length of time, but they do not look good.  It appears to be a cheap item for its size.  If you have to get them repaired for a significant amount of money I would not do it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed with the sound quality and the price.  I was looking for something with a little more bass and this is not it.  If you want to listen to your CD player you will have to invest in something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping this would solve the problem of having to use the mouse on the floor.  I had to take it off the stand and use it while standing up.  After an hour, the sensor stopped working.  Not only that, it had started causing my mouse to stop responding on some games.  So I returned it.  Now I have to have my mouse on a flat surface when using the stand because it is no longer comfortable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i purchased this product with the expectation of having a compact mp3 player.  after several months of use, the player would not record mp3's and would crash.  i would like to return this product, but have no way of doing so because I can't get it to work on the computer.  a good product, if not for this one defect.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a joke.  There is not enough room in the product to actually fit any of the SD cards, not even close.  The product is designed to hold all of the cards and you can only store a few cards in the top compartment.  I bought this product thinking I could carry around all my cards, but after purchasing this product I found out it could not hold any of my cards and I was out $60 dollars because of it.  If you want to buy this product just do not purchase it, it is not worth it.If you are looking for a product that can hold all your SD cards and not cost you money, then buy a more expensive product, and not this one.  Do not buy this if you are not buying something else.  You will be wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased and installed 5 of these units in less than 1 year and none have performed as advertised.  The first one I bought did work, but did not play well with my iPod, and the last two were not functional at all.  I would not purchase another from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping for a better electronic device and not have to mess around with my old CRT.  My only problem is that it's too slow, so I have to turn off the TV every hour or so to get it moving again.  I would never buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product hoping to have something that could hold my ipod, ipod mini, ipad and mp3 player in a single case.  The bag did come with a baggie that held my ipods, mp3 players and ipad mini.  However, it is very difficult to remove the ipod from the bag.  I have had other cases break while using my ipads, and I'm not sure if this one will also.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son, who has a new iPod that is very fragile. The screen broke, but not before he had used it for hours. The earphones worked fine for about 5 hours and then broke.  The charger did not work either.  Don't buy these earphones unless you are willing to risk losing them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased this product for my husband, and we both like it.  But when he put it on the TV, it did not work.  We were both very disappointed, so I returned it and bought something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product with hopes of replacing my older cable with a better quality one.  Unfortunately, the product does not support the older cable I am currently using.  I am using the latest generation cable with no issues.  It is however not a simple upgrade to simply plug in the new cable and use the product as it was advertised to.  My recommendation is for anyone using this product to buy a better cable instead.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this and it was defective. it would not turn on, and it wouldn't come on the first time I tried it. the only way I could get it to work again was to reset the unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had two units and they both died after 6 months.  I was told by the customer service people at HP that I had a defective product.  They had already given me two refundable items.  If you want a product that will last, don't buy this product. I have seen other brands such as Lexar and Lexar Pro that perform just as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is soooo wobbly.  It won't hold the mouse.  I had to put it in the freezer to work.  Don't buy this product unless you really know what you are doing.  There are better products out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not have a power indicator, so you must know how much power your device consumes when you plug it in or turn it on.  Don't waste your money buying something that has no indicator 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with the sound quality.  I bought the product because of its large size, and I thought I had a good deal.  It's certainly not as loud as my old radio, but I was hoping for a little more.  The reception is much better with the lower-priced, but no less expensive, Sony Receiver III.  If I were to buy this product again, I would buy the Sony Receiver II, because its reception is superior.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is a piece of junk, not worth the money and would not work properly with my HP Pavilion laptop.  I returned it and will be returning the items that I purchased from Amazon.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the old product that I had used for about a year.  The radio has had no trouble.  But when I tried to listen to the radio I was surprised to see the sound of a very low amount of signal.  So I returned it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried several different brands of this memory. This one has the worst response. It doesn't play MP3, VCD, or CD because it can't read them. I have had several other brands that do not have this problem. I've also tried this brand before and it works fine. The only problem I have is that the CD drive is very unreliable. Sometimes I can get it to work and other times it doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am new to this printer.  It broke after I accidentally touched the print cartridge in the printer. I sent it back to Amazon and they sent me a new one.  I just bought another one because I wanted a replacement.  Amazon is very slow in getting the new printer back.  This is the first time I have ever had any problems with the printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's okay, but the software isn't very user friendly and you have to have a lot of software in order to make your wireless connection work.  It would be nice if the software could have more options and options to change settings and to be more user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was fine for the first few weeks. But now it is failing to charge and it is not even making the slightest bit of sense to charge anymore.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought them thinking they would be good. They don't work, have to be reset every 2 months, are slow, and their warranty is way too long.  Don't buy these if you want to have it for a year or two, they are junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My TV's had been broken so I ordered a replacement.  Unfortunately, the new one does not work and the old one is still broken.  I will never buy any Panasonic product again.  Don't waste your money.  Save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work well. The product is only a single sided player, but if you want to hook up two players at a time, you will have to hook them both up in series. I would not recommend this product, because it is not fully functional and it is hard to get a good sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for a 50" LCD for my son's bedroom that was being charged.  The only problem with it was that the power adapter that it comes with was no longer rated at the required 100W.  I returned it and purchased an Amazon power supply that was rated for 200W. I've never been so disappointed in an electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know what the manufacturer is thinking when they offer this product for free shipping. I've used several other brands of this product and I can tell you it is not worth the money. The product has a very high degree of noise reduction. It also does not come with any instructions on how to set the software on the product. I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it is the only player for my wife to use. I used it only one time, and it broke within 6 months.  I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK, but the volume is too loud. The battery life is very short. The sound can be quite loud when the unit is powered on.  I have to keep the unit on to get the volume to normal levels 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought this product twice and it is now sitting unused on my counter.  The antenna is fine but not the same as my Panasonic's.  If you buy this product and it does not work properly then you should consider purchasing a better antenna.  I would not recommend this antenna to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is OK.  The sound is OK, but not great.  Don't buy this unless you have the chance to upgrade your iPod.  I don't have an iPod and the player wouldn't play the "iPod" tune.  This is a CD player with the same CD player buttons, but is an iPOD with a built-in player.  It's not worth the $20 for a "standard" iPod player.The software is just OK. It will auto play, but will pause if you move the player out of range of the radio.  But if you turn off the radio, the player will just resume.  For a basic iPod player, I'd just save your money and get an iPod.The batteries are not great and will last a few months if you don't use them all the time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item in hopes it would allow me to record the TV to my iPod, which would allow my wife and I to have an easy to set up "backup" for the TV.  It does not.  I have to use my own iPod for the recording.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for a couple of months then it started making weird noises and wouldn't work anymore.  So now it's dead.  Don't buy this unless you plan to use it for very long periods of time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this at Best Buy. I can't get it to work with my Canon PowerShot S9500.  Don't waste your money, it won't work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as they were advertised on Amazon.  The only problem is that it does not come with any instructions for how to use it, so I had to go to the Amazon site and find out what I need to do.  I was unable to figure out how to connect the two pieces together.  You have to unsolder them and then solder the two halves together 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered these because they had a good review about them and they were on sale at the time.  After a couple weeks of use, they started failing, but the problem was only with the TV, not the remote.  The remote would not work.  I was told by Amazon that the remote is made by Sony, so I went back and ordered a Sony remote that was not made by them.  This one has an odd, "swirly" feel to it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked fine for a while, then started making my speakers sound awful.  It also has an internal speaker that is not very loud.  I was really disappointed, and gave up on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my daughter to use at home.  The problem is that the speakers don't sound very loud, but they're not very expensive!  It seems that the drivers don't support this new "High Definition" sound format.  We can't get a loud sound out of them.  I hope they can be fixed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this product hoping it would provide me with more space for my CD player and other accessories. i was very disappointed. the sound quality is horrible and i have had to return it multiple times. i am looking for a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product does not work with my SONY DVD burner.  if you have the same problem please get a different burner 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased three of these units, but only one is functioning.  I've already returned the third one.  The software that's included in the units are very slow, and the unit won't record a DVD unless you insert it into a computer.  It is a total waste of my money.  If I ever had to buy another one of these, I would avoid it like the plague 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was very slow and the sound quality was awful.  It also could not power my ipod because it would not get any signal from the receiver.  I had to reset it twice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth it.  My wife had a Canon VX500 for over two years and now is looking for something new.  I have tried many options and finally decided to return the camera to Amazon.  Amazon is very nice but I'm not happy with this camera and am looking for other options 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an OK printer.  I would rather have an HP printer that is a little more reliable than this one.  The print quality is ok.  It's not very compact but it has a decent paper capacity.  But the printing quality is not what you'd expect from an HP.  You will get a much better quality print if you use a Canon or Kodak.  They will last much longer than this HP.It is a shame that HP didn't make a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my new Mac and it worked for about 4 hours. Then it quit working and it took me hours to recover. The problem is that the battery does not last for long. I would recommend getting a replacement battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a pair of these for my wife and I, and both ended up with a very small scratch on the case.  Not worth the $3.99 to replace just to get rid of the scratch.  The earbuds sound OK for the size, but the cord is short and doesn't last as long as I would like.  Don't expect these to last a lifetime if you don't use them.  They are a pain to take off and on.  If you want a longer cord, get the Tungsten brand.  Buyer beware! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product several times and now have a dead one.  I was hoping for a product that would be better than the others but it is not.  This product does not have an optical drive bay.  The bay is a piece of junk.  It is very fragile and will break if you are not careful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product a year ago and it's still broken. The cord is just too short, I don't have any other brand of cord to plug in the computer so I'm out of luck.  I would be more than a little disappointed if I lost it because the only way to replace it is to find another one at a different price and have to do the repair work myself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cables are not made for high speed data transfer, even the cheapest ones will slow down your computer. The quality is not good enough for a $10 cable. If you are looking for a high speed cable, get a cable made by a higher quality brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing has a very short life. I have mine in my car and when I drive, it only gets a couple of hours of use before it is unresponsive.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have a 5 gigabyte hard drive, so I had to return it. I used the instructions to remove the hard drive from the printer and the next time I used it, it broke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a lot of fans, but is really not worth the $60 it costs.  The sound is very loud and it gets extremely hot when the temperature goes above 100 degrees.  I returned it because it doesn't fit well with my laptop and I will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones did not fit my ears properly. I had to get a new pair for my wife and she was happy. The earpieces that came with the headphones did work but the earphones were not comfortable. I bought these because I heard that they fit well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for a while but then quit and wouldn't turn on anymore.  I returned it and bought a new one.  They are a pain in the ass to replace the battery and don't hold a charge.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product has a very limited amount of memory.  The only reason I purchased this product is to save space, so I was a little surprised when I noticed the software was limited in the first place.  I found it quite annoying trying to delete the most recent photos.  This is a great deal less than the 2GB of the other memory modules I have.  Overall, I do not recommend this product.  For the money, I could have purchased another 2GB product with a better warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a very poor antenna, as far as reception is concerned.  the reception is very poor for anything in the mid-70s to 75 degrees (I live in central Florida).  I am now looking for a different antenna that has better reception.  I have used the U-NII product with excellent results, and am confident that it will work.  it is not worth the money for this one.  if you want better reception, go to Radio Shack for something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my product in less than one day and was very disappointed.  The sound is not as loud as the other headphones I have, the ear cups are not comfortable to wear and the earphones do not have the ability to adjust the sound to the user's preference.  I will never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for a number of months and then returned it. I'm not impressed with the sound quality, since I'm listening to my iPod on a low-quality FM radio. I wish there were more options. I'd prefer a better product if I can get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got it yesterday and the problem is not resolved. It is a huge disappointment. I was able to recover the files and I'm sure it will work again if I contact the seller for a replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My laptop has a brand new Dell PowerEdge i7 and I wanted to remove the mouse from it.  However, the instructions for removing the mouse were not clear.  I had to go into the Dell customer support website to learn that there is a special set of instructions that only work if the mouse is already off.  The instructions here are not clear and the customer support site has a long list of supported devices.  A Dell tech support person had no idea what the problem was 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought these ear buds in the past but they don't stay in place. I thought they would stay in my ears but they come off easily 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not impressed with the picture quality. I bought the 32GB and I am looking for a way to get more space for my photos. I have been looking at the new Samsung Microfone.  I have a HP Pavilion Powerbook G5 and it works great 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a shame. The sound is okay. But the remote was not functional. The buttons were all jiggling.The microphone was not adjustable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this antenna in October, and it shipped late. I'm sure it is a mistake, but it does not work. I tried using the same antenna with another antenna, and now it will only work with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to use this antenna for over 20 years. It was a good antenna, but when I bought a better antenna the antenna broke.  I am now using a different antenna and my results are much worse.  My home is not in an urban area with lots of buildings.  This antenna is no longer useful.  Please stop selling these antennas 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm in the market for a CD player.  I wanted something that would hold my CD's in its place while I use the other player.The Sony MP-TCD1 is certainly a better product than the HP Media Playmate.  However, the Sony MPD1's only hold up to about 300 CDs before breaking down.  The HP Media playmate can hold about 10,000 CDs.  If you intend to play lots of CDs, I'd consider the HP's player, or if you have lots of DVDs or CDs that are small in volume, go with the Sony.  But, if you only have a few CDs to store, it's worth the extra money to buy the Sony because the HP will hold your CDs in place while you play your other player (Sony). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My car radio, made by Sony, is a Sony ICF-3000.  The antenna is of the standard Sony design and it comes with a mount.  It is a very small antenna, which means you can't really hear the station's signal with this antenna.  This is especially a problem if you are listening to the station outside the car.  I had to return the radio because the antenna is so small, I could barely hear the reception, and my car's antenna would not stay stable after a few weeks.  Do not buy this antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this at a big discount, and it broke. It is not that big of a problem, but for $15 I expected it to last for more than a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first electronic device ever was a $30 Canon digital camera.  This was replaced by a Toshiba laptop with the same drive and was a big disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product thinking it would be good, but it wasn't. I had to return it, since the battery lasted for less than 1 week. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was thinking it would be a little easier to use than the others on the market.  I can't say I'm disappointed.  The only problem I have is the lack of power.  My Sony DVD player and DVD burner use the power and speakers for a lot of things, and I didn't know the battery life until I needed it.  It only lasts about an hour before the battery runs out, and when it does, it can't power the speakers anymore.  Don't buy it. It just doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk.  The antenna works fine, but the antenna jack does not stay in place.  It does not stick to the TV, which is an oddity, because the antenna was supposed to stay in the box.  This means you have to turn the antenna up or down to keep it in the right position.  In addition, the antenna's plastic casing cracks easily, and the antenna itself is very flimsy.  Finally, the remote itself is useless, because it lacks a remote switch.  If you need a remote, get a TV instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with Windows XP. The product does work with XP. However, I have not had any problems with the product after installing it.  The product is very flimsy.  I am afraid that I will be disappointed in the next generation of mp3 players 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i have had a few of these and not been impressed. they don't hold the sound well. i would recommend something with a different type of casing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why this product is so hard to get on the road.  You can't get it plugged in with the case in it, and it's really hard to remove the case with the keyboard in it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product to keep the cord from cutting the sound of the TV to the speakers.  After a couple of days, the cord cut out.  If you do not keep the power cord plugged in all the time, it may cut out from the TV altogether.  It was only a minor annoyance because the TV is very loud and I had to go through the whole TV's menu to find the "Power On" feature.  I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my wife's laptop.  The CD burner is a little weak.  If you have to remove the battery to put the disk in, make sure you leave the CD in the battery while you are doing it.  I have had my computer run out of battery so many times that I now buy batteries at the store.  It would take me 20 minutes to get it running again!  I bought these as replacements for my old, working CD burner which lasted me 3 years.  My wife's is just now broken and I am now out a $60 electronic device that I don't want anymore.  Don't buy these.  They don't last long, don't work well and are useless if you can't take it apart to put them back together 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these unless you have a brand new machine with a USB cable.  The sound quality is terrible.  Don't buy this unless you can get an iPod nano or iPod shuffle (with no dongle) with better sound quality.  I am still waiting for an iPod shuffle with dongles 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a bit of a disappointment, it is a little noisy and a little slow to start up.  I had to restart the router to get it running again.  It also appears to be very flaky.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a little noisy, but it is a lot better than the Canon 50D.  I would not buy it again.  It will not hold the sound quality you want it to.  Don't buy it if you want to listen to CDs. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case itself is a nice thing, but it is not waterproof. I bought it for the sole purpose of keeping my MacBook dry, and I was wrong. I have a laptop and I keep it in the shower and it is leaking. If you plan on doing this sort of thing, I suggest you invest in an external case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this item.  The only reason I returned it was because it did not work on my Macbook.  I could have returned it without any problem.  If you want a good CD player, get a Sony CD-A5.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money. i had to return the product because it doesn't hold up.  I wish it had a case.  Don't waste your money on this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory card is junk. I had it for a few months and it just stopped working.  I have been replacing it with an SD card that was just as reliable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product for the price of a used iPod that I had received elsewhere.  The product itself worked ok for the first few weeks, but after that time, it stopped playing music.  I called Amazon and they told me that the product had expired.  Amazon sent me a replacement product that worked fine for about 2 months.  Now I am wondering if I will be able to return this product to Amazon or if I should return it to the seller 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy the "Fujitsu" batteries for this thing. I got a battery for a laptop that used batteries in it and that worked perfectly. I was disappointed when I saw that it used the same batteries in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poor product.  I have tried to return it, and the return company has refused.  The only reason why I returned it was because I wanted the extra USB ports.  There is nothing in the manual that explains this, so I would not recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an item that is only recommended by Dell.  We purchased it at Amazon and found it to be a disappointment.  The product has a very high risk of damaging the DVD player.  Don't buy this item unless you have Dell's recommendation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm an IT pro and I can say it is a waste of money to buy this product.  I just can't imagine the sound quality is that of a regular iPod without the speaker.  If you have a small car stereo, I would suggest the JVC E5.4i as its price is very reasonable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These ear buds work well but not for the price.  The fit is a little big but not that big, you'll feel a little more secure wearing them.  You have to press hard to get the buds in your ears.  This is just an inconvenience.  There is no way to remove the buds from the ear canal with the supplied case or ear plugs.  If you want the buds to go back in your ear, you have to buy the case to do it.  I wish I had never bought these.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My DVD player was broken and I don't have any spare ones, I don`t even have one DVD player with a working motor, I`m going to buy another one.  The remote works fine, but the CD player has no play function.  I can't even use the radio anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a lot of problems.  I have had the product for almost a year and it still does not work.  The product works fine on the iPod 3G model, but it does not even boot up the 3G version on the iPhone 3G.  We have a new case for it and it will work for a little while, but only for a couple of hours and then it crashes.  It is a complete failure, so if you are considering this product, do not buy it.  Just buy something better! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to love this product, until it broke.  Don't buy it!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my Sony HD-U500. I have had several problems with this cable. First of all, the connectors sometimes don't come out.  Second, the sound quality is quite poor, especially when listening to CDs.  Third, it is not easy to plug into the internal antenna jack, so you have to keep pressing on the cable to get the signal to work.  It is an expensive cable that I won't be using anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have much to say about this item, other than it is cheap.  I am a long time user of Canon products, so I am hesitant to say something bad about it.  However, I am very disappointed with the picture quality of this product.  In low light, I can see that there is a very slight amount of moire that is visible, and I'm also disappointed because it is the only product I've ever used that can't produce an image in this mode.  So it is a great product, if you're looking for something cheap and not expecting the best quality possible.  But in low light conditions it just isn't worth the extra money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk. I got it because it was cheaper than my old Sony.  It was a joke.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These ear buds do not fit my ears.  The wires are not long enough.  I recommend trying to get a bigger pair of buds, because these ear buds won't fit the ones I have.  Don't waste your money.  If you like the look of these earbuds, buy something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as my replacement for an aging DVD player.  The discs were not compatible with the player. i returned it in less than a week.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not usable.  There is a chance of smudges and scratches when removing the batteries.  It does not protect your equipment from accidental damage 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player was defective and did not work.  I have had it for less than a year.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This printer was not delivered to me in time for my purchase, I returned it and purchased a second one from Amazon instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not have any kind of software support so if you use a program like Windows Media Player, it won't be able to access your files unless you use an official DVD writer like the Samsung Magician DVD/CD burner.  So for now I have decided to use my DVD player to burn my files and store them on this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with Windows XP.  I am very disappointed in the product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased other brand name products, and these are not as easy to assemble as the ones I previously purchased.  The only reason I'm not giving this one a negative rating is because I'm able to get the product assembled.  But, once it is assembled, the sound quality is a huge disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible product.  I was able to use it only to transfer files from my laptop to my hard drive.  It's so slow and unreliable that it is a waste of money to buy it.  The only positive review I have is that it's an inexpensive product, so you may not be paying for something that's going to be junk anyway 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my old cd player that had died and I had to return it.  However, it is not worth the money.  It does not work very well with the iPod because it is slow.  I have had my iPod for a year and it has never quit on me.  The buttons don't work at all.  So if you have to return a dead iPod, don't buy this player.  Also, the remote does not do anything and you have no way to turn it on or off.  This is the worst iPod I have ever had.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this item and it is really slow, but I'm not sure if it's my computer. I don't like the fact that it's a CD drive, but it is what it is. The thing doesn't hold up well, it makes a lot of noise.  I'm going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It would be better if they made it in the case to open.  It wouldn't open.If you don't open it it will never work.  I would rather just buy another case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD player is not even close to as cool as the HP and Panasonic DVD players I have.  The sound quality is not as clear, crisp and clear.  It is much louder than it should be and sounds very distorted.  I'm looking for something better.  Not impressed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i ordered 2 units of this product.  one worked and one did not.  i did not have any problems with either of them.  if i had any problems  with either, i am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these batteries because I wanted something that would give me a lot of power and also be compact. I was disappointed. The battery is too short, the charger is too heavy, and the batteries do not last. The only positive thing about these batteries is that they have a "Made for iPod" logo.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does work, but I wouldn't buy it again. The sound quality is poor.  It would have been a better electronic device to use the $3 generic card that came with the unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an inferior product to the Samsung product.  I am an AT&T customer, so I was expecting a better product. I received a dud that I will never use again.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work with my Sony Z5100.  I have not had it longer than 24 hours and it has not been fixed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because I needed to get an iPod nano in my car for a friend and wanted to have a spare one.  Unfortunately, I could not use it because it did not have the ability to connect to my car's bluetooth.  I returned it to Amazon.  They could not do anything about it and I had to get a replacement.  The iPod nano has a hard case.  It does not come with a carrying case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking it would be good for my kids to use.  Unfortunately, it is not.  I tried to find a good alternative and purchased the Sony DVD player that has an extra USB port for a mouse/keyboard/etc. The Sony is great for its size, but the Sony USB is a lot heavier.  It is not a big deal to have an extra port to use, but when you are spending $300-400 dollars, you might want to consider something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is good but there are some issues. i was able to get it to work with my HP LaserJet but it was not clear that I had it connected to the printer. i had to do it by connecting to it directly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first electronic device failed, and the replacement had to be returned to the store for refund.  My advice is not to buy this product, it is not worth the risk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is great. but the sound is horrible. and its very noisy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this. You will not get any reception in a very small room 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD player is junk.  Don't buy one unless you really want to keep your cd's.  I had to return it because it couldn't play the cd's I wanted.  It is worth $20 to me, but it doesn't work for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for less than a month now.  It was not as described in the manual, and my connection to my home network has dropped.  I will return it to Amazon, and Amazon will have to send me another item.  The software seems to have been updated (in July), but the product itself seems to be broken.  Amazon does not have the software updated with this product, so I have to return it, which is a shame.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this! I have had to replace several of them because of broken connectors.  If you want a "connector" that will last you forever, do not buy this.  I got a few of them from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a very happy customer, but this mouse does not work properly on Windows XP and it is very unstable on other versions of Windows.  I have bought several of these mice over the years and they have never failed me.  Please consider upgrading to a mouse that has a better control scheme such as the Microsoft Logitech F310. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Sony MDR-1000X was very slow to begin and then very slow at times to stop. The unit could not be returned without a receipt and I was unable to exchange it because the product ID had been destroyed.  If Sony will not repair the defective product, I will return it and try a different Sony product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my friend.  I was surprised when I saw the picture quality.  The picture quality is really bad.  It is much lower than my other cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for 6 months and have had problems with both power and reception.  The power is often in the lowest mode.  I'm currently using my own power adapter to keep the signal up and running.    The reception is only marginally better at the higher power levels.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not support the USB-C standard.  If you want to use the USB connection with a standard USB-A cable, it will not work.  You will need to use a mini USB-to-C-to adapter for that purpose.  The unit is not compatible with the Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller (or its Xbox-compatible counterparts) -- you will have to buy an adapter for this, or use the controller with an older version of the Xbox 360 controller (which does not have an M-connector) or some other controller -- such as the Logitech G510 or Logitech Xbox 360 Arcade Stick -- which do support the standard USB connection 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that made this thing usable was the remote.  I found that the receiver could not distinguish between different sets of tones.  Not that you wouldn't want to use it for something like a record player...just not the best of luck for a home stereo device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using the product for 3 months and I have found it to be of very poor quality.  In particular, the software (iTunes) crashes frequently.  The sound quality of the sound is ok.  However, I have had the product since it was just over 1 year ago and I've had no problems with it since then.  I will not be using this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this card with two Dell laptops and one HP notebook and both broke.  The HP laptop with a faster processor did not get any more than 16 MB/s on the card and the Dell laptop with the slower processor did.  I have a second Dell laptop which is no longer with me so I can't comment on its performance.  In general I think the card is not worth it unless you have a lot of memory, especially if you are running it with a slower processor 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm still looking for a better case for my HP printer.  The old design didn't hold up to the demands of a standard size HP printer (i.e. a HP 55).  The new design is a huge improvement, but it's still not as well suited as the old design.  I would buy the new design over the old one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is a lot better than what I was expecting.  It also does not come with an adapter to use my mp3 player's input from the USB port, so I will be returning this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My iPod shuffle has been inoperable for almost 2 months now.  I returned it because I could not get the iPod shuffle to work anymore.  My new iPod nano is much better and has better support for music and the iPod is a lot cheaper.  It will last longer with the nano because it has a lot less memory.  The shuffle is now useless to me.  Do not buy this product unless you really want it to work!  It is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It did work for a little while but after about 6 months it stopped working.  Now I'm looking at an inexpensive router and it's far more reliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries are not rechargeable. I had to use the battery case as a spare. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to order the card to use on a Netgear router but got a very bad surprise.  The card was made in Taiwan.  Netgear USA informed me that the card could not be shipped to USA.  This is obviously a bad mistake since it was not made in the USA 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these for my daughter. The batteries were supposed to last her until she got rid of her car charger.  After several months, the batteries started to be weak.  I am now considering replacing the batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this item as a backup to my other Sony DVD player, which was broken.  The CD player itself is OK.  I have to agree with other reviews, as this unit did not work with my DVD player.  It would burn a bad copy, and when I tried to burn the DVD, it wouldn't start.  A second unit worked fine with my previous DVD player...so I think I got burned by my previous unit.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item thinking it would be a good electronic device.  It is not.  We have had problems with it.  If you plan on using it for anything other than DVD playback, you should not buy this.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for my daughter to replace the cassette she used to record her music.  The product works, but it's not as convenient as the one she used before.  It is cumbersome to use, and requires several clicks to start and stop recording.  I'm not recommending this product, however, because the product's design is a little dated.  There are cheaper options that offer better sound quality and convenience 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works with my Dell VIO 300 but I don't like the color and the sound is not great.  I can't return it for a refund.  Don't buy this unless you like a yellowish color 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed in this product.  I have a HP LaserJet printer and an HP LaserWriter.  The HP LaserStation 6.0 is much slower than the HP LaserStudio 6.5.  It does not print well with photos and text and it does not produce fine prints.  There are many other printers that produce more photos, more text and much better prints.So I bought a Canon HP Photo Printer and a Canon LaserWriter and decided to use the HP printers on this one because it was the fastest.  Unfortunately, the HP PhotoPrinter produced very poor photos and I had to take photos from a digital camera and copy them onto the HP printer.  However, the Canon Laserwriter did print fine and I am very disappointed with this HP printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio does work but I find the reception to be very poor.  You will have to do some more research to find out the best radio for your car.  It's a pain to use and not very useful for a new car.I'm returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the printer to print documents for a client, and this thing has a huge black hole at the bottom of the paper! The problem is that the printer is not compatible with the newer Canon LaserJet printer, which has an ink reservoir at the top of the cartridge and the cartridge goes in to the printer through this hole. The ink was ruined 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is useless for my Canon camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card works with Windows XP but not Vista. It also does not have a DVD player.  I am looking for another brand.  If anyone has a better card please send me a better one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't think this is worth the price.  The sound is OK, but not as great as the Sennheiser MDR5.2.1.1 with its subwoofer.  I am going to buy the S-MARK-5 because of the subwoofers, but this is not an option for me at this price. The sound quality is much better, and the sub is much quieter.  Buy something else! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is ok but the radio is not.  I tried the "Duo" radio with the iPod and it is not a fair comparison.    I had the iPod with me everywhere, when I went to the store, it was not missing, the battery was working, but the "duo" wouldn't turn on.  So I returned it and purchased the Motorola SB-C600.  The SB-600 is a much better radio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i ordered this product on line and received it in 2 days, but not in the condition I expected.  The product has some dings on it that don't match the other ones that I've had before 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to buy a new battery every year for my Sony Vaio.  It has now become an annual habit.  I bought this battery a year ago and it has now started to deteriorate.  The first time I used it, I thought I had to replace it.  But now I have bought another one.  This new battery does not have a good reputation.  Buy something else if you can afford it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this card in my Pentium 2 (i7) and it worked for a short time.  After a while it stopped working and it's now back to the "I don't know what to do" state.  My advice is to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I will not buy again is the HP Media Dock because it is much smaller.  You'll need to invest in something like the HP Protec Wireless Dock if you want the same amount of space and flexibility as the HP Dock.  I'm not trying to say the HP-CDA2-A3D is bad, but it sure is a little pricy 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speakers are loud and the sound is very weak. I bought this product because it was advertised as a small, affordable, portable player that could take the place of my CD player.  It does not deliver.  I am disappointed in this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product many times. The first time I put it in, it wouldn't work and I had to return it.  The second time I had it working, it was slow.  So I returned it and got a different product from Amazon.  I'm sure the product I got is better than the one I had.  Amazon is a very slow electronic device and I would not recommend purchasing from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description on Amazon said it would last for years.  Well, it lasted less than a year, then stopped working and had to be replaced.  Amazon customer service does not help.  Don't waste your money on this product.  If you are looking for a CD player, check Amazon and buy a Panasonic or Sony.  I got mine from Amazon because I needed one, and it was cheaper than a Panasonic.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got mine 2 days after they went on sale and couldnt get it shipped out.  i have not been able to get a refund for it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and it failed on my first attempt to use it.  I was told this was normal and would not happen again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphones work ok but they don't fit well.  I have a full size earphone with a softer ear tip so the earbuds won't stay in place in my ears.  The ones I received from Amazon were made of plastic which is not very comfortable.  It is hard to get them to stay in your ears because they get in the way when you talk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got mine to work.  Now it is useless.  Don't buy this.  If you buy it, buy a better item.  I used to have mine in my car for 5 months without a problem.  The only problem now is it is constantly sending the "check" message that the software can't access the printer.  It also sends "no printing" messages if it is off, and "printing" if it's off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my daughters use at a camp.  They have some problems.  I will have to return them.  We had to return the cd player, because it would not play some of the cd's that were in the pack 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to use in my MP3 player.  The sound quality is a little better than the iPod touch but the lack of an external power supply really hurt.  My MP3 battery died after only 5 months and I had to return the iPod to the seller.  It is a shame because the player is great.  But for an iPod player with no external power source it would not have survived the first few months.  I have since bought an iPod mini for my son.  He is also a big fan of the iPod but I'm sure he'll be using it less because of the lack on the iPod's battery life.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a remote for my VCR and it's just plain bad. I have to constantly tap the buttons to make the signal go through. It's pretty useless. I returned it for a replacement. I will never purchase a Sony product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my unit today and it is not working. The manufacturer said it would take 6 weeks for me to get a replacement. The replacement unit does not work for me. The unit also has a scratch on the front of the case. I did not purchase this case, so it is now in my care.  I will be returning the unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It would not print photos at all.  It could be due to the printer, which is not the case with my Canon Epson V600.  My prints were not damaged or ruined 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the only thing it does is take an ethernet cable, and not charge.  it is also only half full.  dont buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card, but after a few months it started shutting down.  The cards were just sitting there and not working.  After an RMA I finally got it to work, but now I have to take it apart every couple of months to make sure the card is not damaged.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this card does not work with my Macbook Air.  I contacted Apple and they said that they are not able to fix this.  i am now returning the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it, but it broke after about 10 hours.  If you get it, make sure you remove it from your car's radio, and don't let it sit in the radio for too long!  I used it for about 2 weeks, and when I got the radio back it would not hold on to the CD, and I would have to start over.  I do not recommend this radio to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to return this card twice because it doesn't work properly.  I first tried to use the software that is included in the software for installing the drivers to make the card work, and it did.  However, when I tried to boot it from the CD, it would not even show up in the BIOS.  The CD will have to be formatted first before it can be used.  It's really a waste of money, since the card worked fine before I returned it.  In addition, I have to return it because I can't get it to work at all.  If you do decide to use this card, make sure you read the instructions and understand how to format the CD to make it work properly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok but the picture is a bit grainy.  Not worth buying.  I wish there was a better option for this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had no problem with this product, but the sound is really bad. I can't hear any detail of the songs. I used it with my MP3 player, and it was ok, but I can see the difference in the sound when I listen to the CD with the speakers on my iPod.  I am not sure what to do about this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because it was a bit cheaper than the other items I had to get rid of.  But, in the first week it died in my car, and it is now out of warranty.  I am hoping for a replacement from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this thing for a few months now.  I am constantly getting a low reading signal.  The problem is that the radio receives the signal with no attenuation whatsoever, meaning that the signal is being received in an entirely different area of the FM radio than the signal received by the radio itself.  This is a complete and utter annoyance, especially when using the FM channel in a car.  Also, the radio is in my car's glove box.  What gives?  I would never buy a radio that only receives AM, and certainly not at a loss to your radio's reception.  Don't waste your money on this.  Buy something that works and is at least as good 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been trying for years to get the Sony DVD recorder to record my original home movie.  I bought this product thinking it was an inexpensive alternative to my Panasonic camera which has a built-in DVD player.  What a difference it makes when you can't record because the recorder is broken.  Don't waste your money on this product.  The only thing it does is copy your DVD to your computer.  It won't let you record a picture.  Buy something else.  Sony has a reputation for making junk products, but they can't even keep this recorder in working order 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with the ATX-PS2 controller.  I tried this out with both the ATA and ATX controllers.  Neither worked.  It is not an ATX controller so I don't know what kind it is, but I doubt it is the ATE.  The ATX product works with both ATX and ATA.  If you have the ATI controller you should try this out too.  Otherwise, it is a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this item was not working at all.  it worked with my laptop and then it died after i had been away for a few hours.  i returned it and got the HP LaserJet printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a dv-usb that works for 10 seconds then disappears. I just wanted a cheaper product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for a friend. He needed something to hook his laptop to. We thought the ipaq was a little small, but this one was so big it would not hold the weight. The keyboard is fine, but not enough space for it to fit the mouse. The mouse itself is junk.  It doesn't have any buttons or d-pad, it is all plastic and has an awkward shape. I am not sure how it works because the mouse doesn't work.  You have to turn the mouse on with your finger and hold the button for about 20 seconds until it starts moving.  If you don't have a mouse pad to rest your finger on, you will have a really hard time controlling the computer.The ipaq is a total piece of junk. It is very bulky, but it works fine for what it is. I don't think you can get any better for this price at any other store 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought for $40 with shipping. No luck. What a waste of money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't use this product. I bought this because it was listed as an option in the price.  I can't imagine why anyone would use it.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very slow product, the picture is not as sharp as a new Canon cam.  Don't waste your money.  Buy a cheap cam or even a brand new cam, if you need high definition then get a Canon product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my item within three days of ordering, and the box was in terrible condition. The item is the only item that I have had to return since purchase. It is a shame that the shipping cost is the way it is, as the item is clearly not quality. I had my doubts about the warranty as I ordered a new item with a better shipping label, but am now back ordering from Amazon and am looking to return this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Sony antenna from Walmart for over 5 years. The antenna broke and they replaced it with the same one, only different color. The reception is terrible! I am going to try eBay and see if they have any spare antennas 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit would only power on and turn off the printer.  The software was very slow and had some glitches with print settings.  I returned it and I hope that this one will last.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is great for recording and printing. But the sound quality is so-so.  The sound is not as loud as the recording player itself.  You can record in low tones but the sound is very quiet in comparison to the sound on the player itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i'm not a big fan of the product, its just not as easy to use as the previous models and you need to use the included CD-R software to record. if you do not know how to use this product and have to record all of your music, then i would recommend the previous model's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a new product that the manufacturer has not adequately tested or verified that it will support the new Mac OS X. This product should not be recommended to customers because of the high likelihood of being incompatible with Mac OS. The product is listed as compatible with XP and earlier. The manufacturer should be held responsible for the product's compatibility with Mac. If you intend to use the product with a Mac OSX computer, I suggest that you check with the manufacturer directly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card for my wife's laptop, and the picture quality is pretty bad. The picture looks washed out, and she can't even see the pixels.  The only reason I bought this was because it came with an extra-large battery, so I figured I would try to fix the problem by buying a bigger battery. Unfortunately, I now regret my decision 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on these headphones, they are made of cheap plastic, not worth the money, and don't hold up to the abuse you are willing to put them through. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not been able to use this cable for an update and I do not understand why. The only reason I bought this cable was to use it with my PC to get an automatic software update 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My radio was defective.  My CD player broke.  I have had a lot of problems with this product.  It is NOT a quality product. I will never buy a radio that I cannot repair or replace.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the previous manufacturer's one did not work with my printer.  I am very disappointed.  You can't even print from it, and it costs more than the last printer.So it is time for another manufacturer to come out with a better product, and hopefully, one that can print from the printer.I have bought from several other companies before, but have always had excellent results with their products, and now I am looking for a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because of the previous reviewer's negative review.  I was not impressed with the size and that it did not support the latest version of the USB cable that I wanted.  It is a shame that I wasted my money on something that doesn't work, but I have no choice but to buy the larger product, which is a great electronic device, however the size is a deal breaker. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not expecting any problems with my new wireless router.  But after connecting to the wireless network using the router's built in web interface, I found that it would randomly disconnect and re-connect to the network every few seconds.  I had to disconnect from the network and log into the web interface manually to reset the router and keep it online.  It's also not very easy to troubleshoot a network problem with the web interfaces of most routers, so I have no idea how this router's problem is solved.  The manufacturer's support site for this router is really long and difficult to understand.  You'll need to contact them for help after you've tried to troubles shoot the problem and they won't be able to help you any further.  Buyer beware.  If you don't know what your router is capable of, don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife to use while she is driving. It is a pain to use and it is very flaky.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not as described. I have to return it because it is not working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an item I am not willing to use.  I have a new Panasonic DVD player that has a built-in CD player.  The player does a great job with CDs and MP3's.  But, for my own enjoyment, I want to listen to the songs I have on my CD player as well as listen to my DVDs.  So, I bought this antenna instead.  It's not much more expensive than the stock antenna, but I'm not willing (and can't afford) to pay for a new one when I'm done with this one.   I've seen other reviews stating the stock model is OK for the price, so I'll take that as a positive review, but it is not good enough to keep me from replacing this with the stock version of this antenna.  After a year of daily use, the antenna has become extremely fragile.  In addition, the signal quality is very poor.  This antenna would not work well with my HDTV or any antenna with more than about 5 watts output power. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is okay, but the software does not support the iPod 5G.  The battery is not rated, and it has a low capacity, so the battery life is very limited.  Don't waste your money on this thing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok. I have not had any problems with it, it just doesn't fit my stereo. I would give it a less than 4 stars if I didn't have to have the stereo on all the time because I don't want it to stop playing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to return this item to Amazon and they were not able to accept it. I was able to return it to Target. It was in bad condition and the warranty did not cover any damages. Amazon is trying to sell me this product, but they won't accept that this product was ever damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to use with my Canon Pixma 200 camera and the software it is running has very poor stability.  The camera will frequently freeze or lock up, and the only way I can get it back up is to use the 'factory reset' button on the camera.  If you want a decent photo software to use on your camera, buy something else.  I will not be returning this unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my wife's car charger and it worked for about 10 months. Then the wires broke and it's no longer supported by my car. I'm sure it will still work with other car chargers but not mine. The fact that it breaks is a huge loss 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries are cheap, not as good as the HP ones, and don't hold any charge. I would never buy these batteries again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not hold any data whatsoever.  It's useless, I wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really poor piece of hardware.  You cannot record MP3's with it.  It is a lot of hassle to turn it on and off.  Don't buy this unless you really need it.The CD player that comes with it is fine for its price.  Buy the Panasonic player that came with the remote and record CD's with that instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these if you intend to use your PC as a home printer. You have to hook it up through the back. It is very difficult to use the printer without an external power source - just plug it in and leave it for a while. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this mouse for almost two years.  The problem is that it is almost impossible to navigate the menu system.  I use it to go to all sorts of websites.  It is not as responsive as my other mice and I will have to do a lot more work to get the menus to load. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't think the product will hold up to its name.  I just wish I hadn't wasted my money on the cheap ones because I am sure there are better ones.  The product has no power, and no way to reset it.  What's the point of buying a cheap phone if you can't use it? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item thinking it would be a better than my previous Canon charger.  The charger is very flaky and unreliable.  I have yet to find an adequate replacement.  If you use the supplied cable to charge the unit you will have to turn it off when you go to sleep or charge the battery.  Otherwise you will not get any sleep and you will waste your money.  There are better options out there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this card because of the recommendation of other people.  I bought the "1Gig" version and it has a built-in sound processor which is not compatible with the standard SAMP2 standard.  The "2Gig", "2GB" versions also lack the built-ins, but have a decent amount of capacity for my needs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this to play my DVD movies on my computer and it did.  it was only able to play a few DVDs.  I have the exact same model, model number, serial number and software version and this thing is junk.  If you want to play DVDs on your computer, get an external DVD player instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i dont have any problems with this one. it does have 2 "stereo" speakers and it doesnt have the built in microphone, but its not worth it.  i wouldnt buy this one unless you want to have 2 speakers or if you want the microphone to work.  the built-in speakers don't work very well and they have to be removed or connected to the TV.  you can get an external speaker, but i wouldn't recommend it. if you buy this, do yourself a favor and get a brand new unit 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried using the CD player on several computers, including my own. I found the product to be unreliable and not supported by the software, so I decided to replace the CD players with something else.  I ordered the D-T3V DVD player. I just received it and it works fine.  My only complaint is that I wish they included the AC adapter. I have to use the CD port instead of the built-in USB port, because the DVD player requires it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product with the intention of replacing my existing TV with a new one.  After installing and using it for just one week, I have found the picture quality to be very low.  I don't know if the picture is defective or what, but I have returned it and I'll be looking for a better option.  Don't buy this product unless you are willing to sacrifice quality in exchange for a cheaper price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just recieved my second defective product from Sony.  I returned it because I had already contacted Sony about this.  But I have to tell you it is not the same model of the item I returned.  The item I recieved was a new Sony product, the one I returned had an expiration date of April 2006.  Sony has not returned my defective product for a refund.  Do not buy this item unless you want to get a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to get it working in Windows XP. It would not load any of my programs! The only thing I can think of is the fact that it is a USB device and not a standard FireWire card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this for about a year and it is still in the warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is good but it has a little lag when playing from a laptop. The remote isn't that comfortable to use. I would never buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived broken, so I returned it and got a replacement.  I would not recommend this product for the purpose it was intended.  The unit did work after a short period of time, but the display was not bright and was inoperable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the "S" model of this product, and when I try to use it, I get the warning that it is not compatible with my PC.  I was very disapointed, because the "A" model worked fine for my old Dell PowerEdge.  The "A", however, did not work for me and was returning it.  A simple check on Amazon's site would have resolved the issue, but it took me over a week to find out that this product does not work with PowerEdge products, even if it says that it does.  Amazon's technical support is lacking and I am not able to get any help with this product.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am disappointed with the purchase of this product, since I was hoping to receive a quality sound for my iPod. It is only okay, not as great as the CD player, and far less convenient than the CD changer.  The sound is ok, but the battery life is so short, I can't use it much, which is a problem because I am an avid car radio user and I have to listen to my station every 30-45 minutes.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the buttons work fine but when I try to print it, it does not come up. I have used this printer for years and have not had this problem before. I wish they would stop making such a huge number of these printers and stop making the printer a pain to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to send this out because I needed the new battery. I tried the old battery (the one I had for a year) and it worked just fine.  I don't even have it anymore.  The replacement battery is not even half the price!! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2 of these for a small ipod. The first one did not work for any reason. I returned it and bought a new one. The second one did. So now I have a $100 loss on the first one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was advertised as working for the Sony PSP but it doesn't.  I had the same problem with an AT90D2.  It was only a matter of time before the PSP battery ran out, and when it did I had to replace it with another Sony product.  The AT90 is a far better product, it's far more powerful and it has more memory, so I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to go along with my laptop and they didn't hold up at all.  I have been using this product for over 6 months now and have had no problem whatsoever with it.  My warranty has expired so I'm taking it back.  The product is not as advertised, it will not hold a charge and does not have the capability to boot the computer to the OS you want.  So if you are looking for a wireless mouse, you may be better off looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had this antenna for a month and it has started to fail.  I don't think the manufacturer can be trusted, I will not buy from them again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was advertised as a good quality product but it has the same problem as the other Sony items that I've had - it does not fit the DVD player.  It is made for the larger Sony player but I don't think it fits the Sony player, because it is too small 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used the product, it wouldn't work and I had to return it.  I would not recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping to have a new pair of headphones but when I got them they didn't work. The only other pair I had was broken so I returned them. Don't buy these if you plan on replacing your other headphones because they won't work with the broken ones. I have a pair of Sennheisers that I use daily for work and I would recommend them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for a couple of months now and have been trying to hook it up to my iVRS1000 (iMac) as well as my older HP Pavilion Laptop.  The HP Laptop is very slow in the process of setting up my router.  I tried using the "advanced" settings and they didn't work.  It's now taking 30+ minutes to get it up and running.  As a result, I am now forced to keep the HP LAPTOP in my office all day and night just to keep it connected.  A big shame because I really wanted to like this product and now I have wasted several hundred dollars 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this because it is not working and I don't have any other printer that is compatible with it. I am sure that this problem can be solved in the future but I am so frustrated with the printer because it doesn't work. I will never buy another product from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only positive review I can give this product is it is nice looking, but the sound quality is atrocious.  The sound quality isn't even comparable to the other Sony headphones that I had.  I will be looking for a different brand soon.  It doesn't matter how much money you spend on a Sony product, if it has a subwoofer, it is a big disappointment.  Sony's subwoofers are simply a waste of money.  Don't waste your money on them.  Buy something with a decent sound system instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very weak.  I did not like this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy anything else but Amazon as a seller, because their support is just horrible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to listen to the radio, but found it to be more trouble than it was worth.  It would sometimes skip the stations (I wouldn't even know they were missing, they were just fading away and the next station would pick up).  I'm looking to return it now, but not being able to find a replacement.  I'll try and get one with better specs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to record some of the video for a birthday party and it didn't work. The remote itself was not functional. I tried to send it back but they refuse to do that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2 batteries at Target and used them in my laptop for 2 days. One failed within 1 month.  I returned it and bought the same battery at Amazon.  Don't buy these.  They are a waste of money.  Amazon sells for about $3.99 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not working in any way whatsoever. The power supply was too small, and so it is not even possible to use the "A" button. You can't even use the remote for anything else. I am so very dissapointed with this product. I will never purchase any Sony products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get a great picture with the Canon C700, but this is not the case with the C740.  The picture is not as sharp as the C700 and is less detailed.  There is no way to adjust the picture quality beyond what the manual provides.  I have had mine for less than a month and now I cannot use the "adjust" feature to get the picture sharper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a bad product. i can't use it, and i'll return it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return it. The software that came with it is not user friendly, and doesn't work well with my laptop.  It is a pain in the neck to do anything with the software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was advertised as being an antenna.  I have to agree that it is NOT an antenna - it is an antenna splitter.  The signal is NOT strong enough for me to be able to receive the signal from the broadcast station, so I will return it and buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a few of these and have found them to be unreliable. The speakers have a tendency to go out and sometimes the headphones won't be heard.  The sound is decent for the price but not great.  I'm returning the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this in the mail today, but not the correct size. I ordered 2 pairs of ear buds and both came back with the wrong size ear buds, but with the same type of wires as the original pair I received.  The first ear buds arrived with two different lengths of wires, which I am assuming is the reason for the wrong sizes. I'm not going to waste my money on this product, since it doesn't even have a clear case to protect the ear buds from the scratches it gets. I have a new pair of earphones from Amazon and the case is great. It's clear and the only thing holding the ear bud in place is the strap. Amazon is selling them at a lower price than I'm paying for Amazon's ear buds! I'm going to throw away my Amazon ear buds 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it was the best option at the time, but I can't believe I wasted my money on it.  It doesn't work well with my Sony DVD player and I can see a significant difference in the picture quality.  I'm just glad it's over $15. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had my P-Mate for two weeks now. The problem is that it will only record video when the player is turned off, and then only when the TV is off.  I do not have any problems with the P-Match, but it is a bad buy.  Don't buy this because it only works when you turn off your TV.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player, thinking it would be a great deal.  The picture quality is poor, and the sound quality is so-so.  Overall, I will never buy a cd player from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a dongle, it does not come with a power cable, it is not waterproof, and it is really cheap 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product, thinking that I would get the same sound quality as the Logitech C920.  The sound is not very loud and the speakers do not fit in my living room.  It is more like a glorified radio receiver.  If you want to listen to the radio in your living room, I suggest you get the Logi C920 instead.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a complete piece of junk.  It doesn't hold my DVD player in place when plugged in and it just makes my DVD playback very unstable and unusable.  I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this product was for the DVD recorder.  I just cannot use this product for my home entertainment.  Not enough room to plug it in, and it's way too small.  It's more expensive, but I will never use it.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the speakers are a joke. the quality of sound is not as you would expect. i was trying to get my wife to use them. i could not hear a difference. i am now returning them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can't even record a DVD in your camera unless you have the internal card. The video quality is very low and is almost unusable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These CDs are just plain junk.  I wish they were made out of a higher quality product like the Sony CDPs.  The only reason why I didn't throw them out is because the software that is included with the program is so simple that I figured I could just leave it running to check if I've made a bad purchase.  It's a big pain to replace these CDs and I'm sure many others out there feel the same way.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this because my iPod didn't have a slot to put a mp3 player in, but it would not hold my mp3. i bought it because of the price and the fact that it's only a little smaller than the mp3 players I've been buying at the store. i really shouldn't have bought it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a new printer, HP inkjet. I bought this product thinking it was an upgrade from my old inkjet, which was a Canon Pixma. After a few weeks of printing, I realized that it was actually the same inkjet as the Canon Pixmas. I contacted Canon customer service for advice, and they told me to use their "safe mode" in order to protect the printer from damage. I tried that for about a week, and it doesn't work anymore. I have now returned this product, as I am sure it is unsafe. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this product because it was cheaper than a higher end version. Unfortunately, it is very unreliable. The software crashes after about 20-30 minutes of operation and sometimes the disk drives will stop spinning. I returned the product and am looking for a better product from a reputable manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the HP Elite Deskjet 120 and the scanner wasnt even working properly. I couldnt get it to scan. I have since bought a scanner which works better.  I hope HP will take this into consideration for future products.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this antenna because the old one broke and it's so much easier to use one antenna.  However, the antenna is not as sturdy as the old antenna. The antenna is flimsy.  I had to use a small hammer to crack the plastic antenna in order to get it to work properly.  In addition, I'm a little disappointed with the sound.  The radio is very weak and can't get loud enough to receive the local stations 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item for my son to use with his Sony MP3 player.  The unit worked for a while and then died.  I have since found that Sony no longer offers a replacement for this unit.  You will have to buy a different player if you want to use this one.  Do not buy this item if you plan on using the player with an MP3.  This unit is simply not worth the money if you intend on using it with an iPod or a digital device that does not support it.  It is a waste of money and time to have to return it when it will not work.  Don't waste your money on this item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These CDs were not compatible with any other player. I had to return them.  Don't buy these CDs if you are planning to use them with other players 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought from Amazon.com with a positive review about an electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of the reviews saying it worked.  I was very disappointed.  It was too slow to download my games and it was extremely slow to boot.  Don't buy this unless you are buying the second copy of a game from a friend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my daughter. She had an iPod 1 with her iPod 2. It worked for the first day and then it wouldn't turn on anymore. I was able to reset it by unplugging the battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use in my car.  The problem is that it doesn't work in all the cars I have.  I have a 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse with a factory radio that's installed with the navigation system.  My problem is the same: the radio just turns off and it doesnt come back on, so I can't use it for the navigation, even though it's connected to the car's CD changer.  But the antenna is in the front, and I can see the antenna through the dash, so it's a little less visible to the driver.  This antenna isn't very good, and it just makes my car less safe, which I don't mind at all.  It could have been a problem with the car itself.  There's a good radio in the trunk, but it has an AM radio that works better, so this one is no longer needed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player worked for about a month and then stopped working.  It was only when I tried to record CD's that it would work.  I contacted Sony and they said it was a problem with the unit.  Now they are not replacing the CD player at their cost.  They are going to refund me and I will be out $400 dollars!! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product.  I have used a similar product from HP and the sound quality is much better.  It is very hard to connect a computer to the receiver.  The volume is very low.  Buy something from HP. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is fine.  But it has no ability to hook up your mp3 player, and it doesn't work for iPods with a 3.5mm plug.  I bought this because it would plug into my iPod with the 3.1mm plug, and work for the iPod.  It wouldn't hook up my iPod when it was plugged into my Mac, and I couldn't find a replacement iPod to replace the one that wouldn't work.  Don't waste your money on this unless you have an iPod with a plug and a 3-meter cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is not that great.  I have had the same speakers for 6 years.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the card does not work and the software is unstable. i returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter to keep a laptop in the office.  After two months of being connected to the internet it suddenly started getting too hot.  The fan kept running and causing overheating.  So I turned the fan off.  I will never purchase this product again.  Buy something else.  It would be much better if it had an option to disable the fan on the radio itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is broken.  I had no other choice but to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory for my Dell P3500.  I've never had any problems with the memory card, but I was expecting it to be of higher quality than it actually is.  The card itself is very fragile.  Don't buy this memory unless you are willing to spend a lot more on a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's an easy fix but I have no idea why I don't get it.  It does work fine but if you use your laptop all the time and don't want to buy a new one (which I dont see any reason to) then don't bother buying this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the product and it has no power at all. The item is a dead and will not work. Don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy this product again.  The sound is not as I expected.  I had a set of earbuds that did not last 5 days.  If you buy this, keep in mind that it is for an mp3 player only. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned these speakers for about a year.  The problem was they began to fail after only about a week.  I tried all of the different brands and brands of adapters to try and fix it.  None of them worked.  Finally I decided to get some other speakers that were less expensive.  They work better.  But the sound quality is still not as good as I was hoping.  It will be a while before I return these to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  It does not fit my MacBook, which is a 14.1" MacBook.  I did a lot of research on the web and I am not sure if this is a new issue or not.  In the past few days I have had to send it back to Amazon for a refund.  If this is an issue, Amazon should replace it with a more reasonable one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a bit slow, and it does not have an LCD screen to view the pictures.  I would not purchase this product.  It looks nice, but the lack of the LCD screen is a big drawback 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased this product and it is a complete nightmare to use.  I will be returning it.  The product does not work with my iPod, I have to use the software to have it work with the iPod.  Do not buy this product if you have an iPod, the software will not work for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to hook my new Samsung DVD player up to my antenna.  Unfortunately, the antenna is very short.  The antenna has a very slight plastic wrap that the antenna can be attached to.  I don't know if this is just a manufacturing defect, or if this product is just not designed for this.  It is very easy to damage this product if you leave it too long without an antenna.The product is very cheaply made.  Do not buy this antenna if you want a solid antenna that can withstand the occasional short.If you plan to use this product, keep the antenna in the back of the antenna and do not use it all the time.  Don't expect a long antenna that will support an antenna for your entire house 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is too small and too weak to pick up signals.  I tried other brands, and they are fine.  However, this one is junk.  Don't waste your money on this one.  The others work fine 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a complete disappointment.  The speakers sound very weak.  I had to use the remote control to turn them on and off, which is a hassle if you are trying to record something.  You have to hold the volume up while using the remote to turn the speakers on and it sounds terrible.  Do not buy this product unless you plan to record lots of music, which they will not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money. I had no problems with the sound but this item is so flaky that you have to use the volume control to get it to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as replacements for my old CD players that had burned up.  I have now purchased 2 more of these and am in the process of returning both of them.  The problem is that these do not burn CDs in the player.  They only play MP3's.  There are other brands that will burn CDs.  Amazon sells these for $10 each so I am sure that they will work just fine.  If you need to burn CDs, buy the CD burner that will only burn MP3s. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for about a year now.  It has done everything but save the CD from scratches.  What has happened is the speakers have been getting hotter and louder.  I am not the only one who has had this problem.  Don't buy this CD player unless you want to be a slave to the software to keep it cool.  Buy something else! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works fine, but when I connect to it, it freezes and I can't use it for 2 hours 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because it looked nice and it was easy to remove and clean.  It isnt.  I was expecting it to be a lot easier to remove than the old iO2 which is not available anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and it worked for about a month.  Then it stopped working.  I contacted Amazon and they said they would send me a replacement and it would ship within a month 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a pain to use.  The remote control is so slow.  I have had it for over a year and it has been stuck on a few times.  This has led to me buying a D-Link branded remote control instead.  It's not as smooth and accurate as the D-link. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked fine for a few months, then the DVD player stopped working. I suspect that it was a power surge at the power supply. If you have a Sony DVD player, this unit is definitely not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter to use in her car.  The unit worked fine for her, but when it went into sleep mode and went blank the entire screen went black.  I called Toyota, and they said that the driver needed to be turned off to restore it back to life.  This is a total waste of money and I will never buy another Toyota product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is NOT recomendable for anyone with a smaller TV, not worth the money.  You will get your picture fine with a cheaper brand and get a better picture, but at a cost.  This product is a piece of junk and I wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not compatible with my router and did not work. I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card works for the price and is not an upgrade from a previous generation.  The memory is not upgradable and the only way to upgrade it is to get a new card and replace the old one.  I wouldn't buy this again.  Don't waste your money on this card.  It will just be a memory card for the time being, which is a big deal in the current digital era. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thinking it was a good deal, but after one use, it is not.  The antenna is not strong enough to transmit the signal.  I tried other antennas that were more expensive, and it worked perfectly.  It is worth trying a different antenna than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for about two months.  I bought it for a new computer.  The software is not user friendly.  Do not buy this product unless you know what you are doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a case for my new iMac which does not come with a keyboard, mouse, or case. The one I got has a keyboard case but no case. I cannot use it because it does not have the same type of strap which keeps the mouse in place 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable to use for an old PC.  The sound quality is ok, but the reception is horrible.  It is very difficult to get it to pick up a signal.  I have tried all sorts of different signals and the best I have received so far is from a cable with an antenna attached to the PC.It is not worth it to buy this cable for the reception.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD recorder is okay.  But the antenna is awful.  I use a $15 Kenwood KX-1T and this antenna picks up an FM station, which is fine, but this antenna only picks up FM stations.  It is impossible to receive any other type of station!  I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is okay, but the lack of features that are offered by the iPOD itself is the real reason for the poor reception 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to send a repair order to Amazon for the power supply. It is defective.  Amazon said they would send me a new one in three days. I am very disappointed.  Don't waste your money on Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product came in broken. The battery is not included 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because it was advertised at a low price.  However, I'm not so pleased with this product.  It would randomly power on when I was just a few feet away from it.  The sound is great, but I am concerned with the fact that it can't be powered on when there is no one around the house.  Also, if I try to power it on from outside the house, the fan is too noisy to be comfortable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this as a gift for my son and he is disappointed. I have not used it in an Ethernet environment yet and it will not work with the networked server I am currently using to share photos and music with my family. It will only work with my personal IP address 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2 pairs of these to use with my Canon PowerShot G3.  The first one died within 2 months.  I returned them and bought another pair.  Problem still the same.  If you like your cameras to be ready when you leave your house, these cameras don't do it for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this product in the mail today and it is a complete joke. I installed it and it started running slowly and then died.  I have not had any luck with other brands of this product.  Very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My TV died and I needed a replacement.  I bought this for a bad review.  The picture quality is very low and it only has 5 HDMI inputs.  You cannot get it to work as a receiver because you cannot control the volume.  It does not have an AUX input so it does not work as an external source to your receiver or sound system.  If you want to watch TV without being connected to your PC, this is a bad TV.  A better TV would cost at least $100.  My recommendation is to get a TV with a HDMI input and have it connected to a PC.  They both have HDMI inputs so it is easier to control them from your PC. I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is okay. i don't really like the fact that you have to replace the batteries in it. i think they should be removable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card because it is small, fits in my pocket, and it works well.  Unfortunately, I have noticed a very high amount of RF interference with my cell phone.  I have tried different settings on my cell phones and the interference persists.  This card does not protect the phones from being damaged by the radio.  Do not buy this card if you plan on using your phone to listen to the radio or use it as a cell phone antenna.  The radio is an antenna and the antenna must be protected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is ok, but the speakers don't come with them. I had to return them for a replacement.The case has a tendency to pop open.I'm not sure why they don't have speakers included 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to really be lucky to get a cd player that does not have a lot of problems, but this one does.  The remote that comes with the player is VERY VERY flaky.  It does not respond when you press the "answer" button, and it will hang when you push it a long time.  Don't buy this player, unless you have a really good remote, and if you have to play CD's, make sure it has a "pause" function.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work. I was using it on a laptop and it was not stable, i.e. it moved a lot in the first few minutes and then stopped.  It is very unstable, i can not hold it, i cannot use it.  I don't have any other problem with the product other than the stability of the product, which is unfortunate. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit did not work on my printer. I did not know that the printer had the software needed for it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought this antenna at Amazon.  The picture quality is ok.  However, when you turn on the TV, the signal is lost.  Amazon is not providing any help in restoring the signal.  I tried to call Amazon customer support, but no one could help me.  Also, the antenna is NOT reciever-safe.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why this product is made to be so fragile.  You can easily remove the CD and insert it again and it will not work.  I will never buy this product again.  The CD reader was a little bit more durable and it did work when I tried it with a very small piece of CD.  It's not the best product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work.  The only thing it can be used for is playing MP3 files, but only in Windows Media Player.  I am sure that there is a firmware upgrade that will allow it to play MP3's in Windows.  So if anyone is looking for an MP3 player for their laptop and has the original product, please contact Microsoft 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio did not work in the car.  There were no instructions in the manual to change the frequencies on this radio.  I am still using it to talk to my car, which is not supported by the CD player.  You will have to go to the radio store for a CD player that is supported by this radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to use the CD-R to burn a DVD but it did not work. The disc was not recognized.  I returned it to the store.  The company does not know what a defective disc is.  So I bought the same one from Amazon and it worked.  It is a pity that Amazon does not have it in their shop for the rest of us.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had mine for a few months now, and it is not working.  It is a problem with my network cable.  I am using the same one in the past year.  This is not a bad device - just different than other ones out there.  The customer service was bad, and they did not help me fix the problem.  My advice to them would be to just buy another cable, and get a different one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this radio because the previous owner had a small FM station, and this radio is a great price for the little FM stations I have, but I am having problems with the FM reception.  I have an AM radio, and I can hear the station, but not the commercials.  When I plug in the AM radio for the FM station that I hear, it gets an extremely weak signal.  In addition, the radio does not have a manual switch to select the FM stations for my station.  For a portable device with a FM radio, this radio would be a nice radio, but it is a big mistake to purchase it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as an external CD player.  The case seemed to fit perfectly and then when I used it to play a CD it fell off and broke.  I will never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would be better than the $50 product I received. It is not.  The sound quality is not as great as I expected it to be. I would not purchase this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not yet found a way to remove the "battery" from the battery compartment on this product.  In my case it was in the bottom center, right where the antenna is.  The bottom center is where the battery actually contacts the radio.  My radio is now dead and I will return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thinking it would be a good product. I was not pleased with it. It is not very bright, and the only reason I bought it is because it was on sale. I would not buy it again. I wish I had spent my money on a better product instead. I have to say that they have not provided any help with any kind of help. I contacted customer service and received a response saying that they would contact me. I don't know if they will do that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was junk. I have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because of the great reviews on Amazon.  Unfortunately, they don't hold up to the claims that they are.  I can see the difference in picture quality between the pictures I get when I turn on the TV and the picture quality I get on my other TV.  One picture was fine and the other one was very blurry and not in focus.  It is very unfortunate that Amazon offers these for free, because they do not have a warranty.  If you have a lot of pictures that you don't want to lose, you should look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is not very strong and has a long distance to it.  The picture reception is worse than it should be 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed a wireless mouse that would fit my desk.  Unfortunately, it is NOT a mouse.  It is an extender.  I don't use it to hold a mouse, it only extends the mouse. It is not wireless.  You will not get any benefit from this mouse if you use it for that purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's computer.  The sound quality was ok, but the only problem was the volume control.  It would be great if they had the ability to program this.  I would buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had to send this back.  The radio is not working.  This is my 2nd purchase from Sony and I have to say, it's really bad.  I would not buy from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had 2 pairs of these, one for my laptop and one for the DVD player.  The DVD player broke and now I'm stuck with no DVD player at all!  I will be returning them, and I hope Amazon will be more reasonable with their replacement policy.  If you want to play DVDs, this is a horrible product to buy.  Don't buy this unless you know what you're doing.  I'm very sorry, but I won't be buying anymore from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a customer of these ear buds at the Amazon store and they did not work. The cord is not thick enough to make a good seal. The ear buds just break. Amazon was very rude about not replacing the broken ear buds and was not willing to refund the $40.00 I paid for them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the DVD player is a piece of junk.  I was looking for a cheap one, but the ones I found on Amazon.com had better picture quality and performance.  If you want to watch DVDs and CDs from a computer or other device, I suggest getting a DVD/CD changer with an optical disc player and an ethernet connection 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not usable for a 2gb flash card.  Don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works but it is slow and you need to use the sound button to turn it on and off.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a dvds only, not a mp3 player.  I'm sorry, but this item was advertised as a dvd player.I'm so disappointed with this product, not only because it doesn't work, but also because it is so expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones are uncomfortable and not comfortable, not recommended.  The cord is weak, and I have to constantly pull it out to get comfortable.  I will return the product.  There are cheaper options on the market, but they are not as comfortable as the Logitech ones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable and installed the correct software. The sound quality is OK, but not up to par with the $30 iMOTION cable I have that is made by a different company.  The sound is louder and the bass is more distinct.  I would not buy this cable again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player was not working.  I could play all the tracks on my CD player but not the rest.  The player is not able to handle any CD's in the CD tray.  You need to remove it from the tray and place it in the player to use the rest of the CD's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product in January and it was not working until today.  I have had this unit for about 2 months and have used it for about 15 hours a day.  It has performed perfectly fine, but is now not functional.  This is a bad item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a bad piece of kit. I used the new product in my Honda Accord for 2 months and had to replace it. I have had no problems with it but my car has suffered a total loss of memory. The original memory card was just as good as this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound quality is not great.  not clear enough.  don't buy this unless you really want the sound 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought the card, had to return it due to an "unexpected failure" of mine.  Don't use this product unless you are comfortable with its performance.  My copy was the only copy of the game to work with this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this because I needed a phone for my girlfriend to use in her car.  It is not a phone.  The phone that came with it broke after a couple of months.  I am not a fan of the idea of using an expensive phone for personal use.  Not worth the extra expense 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this in store for $50 and it is not what I expected.  I have to keep calling customer service for support and it never gets fixed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card to use my Sony printer and the card did not work on the Sony printer at all. The Sony printer worked fine with my old card, so I am really pissed off at this card. I am hoping the newer Sony products use this chip instead of the cheaper card with a generic serial number that does not work.I really didn't like this card and don't plan on using it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to return this product for a refund because the radio does not work on the CD player.  I was hoping to receive a refund for a bad book player.It is true that there is a small amount of interference when you try to listen to the radio through the CD, but it is negligible and far too little to make a difference.The CD player will work fine with the radio on the DVD player.I was really disappointed in the service I received from Amazon.  They sent me a new radio with no problems.  If Amazon will not stand behind their products and refund customers, then I will not buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very skeptical about the idea of a DVD player that was so bulky, but this one is much heavier and more difficult to move around.  The sound quality is very bad and I can't really recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPod works okay, but it doesn't support the new FAT32 format. The iPod is also very heavy.  I would recommend you look at other options like the Shuffle or Nano. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in May of 2005. I have used it to record several concerts and it was not working until June or July of 2005! I had to return it and buy another. The sound quality was awful.  If you want to record something without it turning off and freezing, do not buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this product again. I returned it after 2 months of use. The CD player was working fine when I bought it, but when I plugged it into the wall for the first time I found it refused to play.  The manufacturer has no answers to this problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had the antenna for about two weeks now.  I don't have any problems with it at all.   I use it to listen to the local FM station, but it seems to have trouble picking up the higher-power stations.  It will sometimes pick up the lowest-powered station in the range, but not always.  In other words, if the station is really in the neighborhood of my house, I'll get a strong signal with this antenna.  But the strongest station in my neighborhood is actually about 100 miles away, in a town 30 miles away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i received the product today and it did not work, so i returned it and the seller will not accept it back. i will not be buying anymore from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned three of these units.  The first one stopped working about 6 months after I got it.   The second one is a complete loss of its functionality.  I'm trying to get it repaired but they won't let me.  Don't buy these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will not find any positive reviews about this product. The sound quality is mediocre, but it does have a decent range and the price is reasonable.  If you are looking for an external drive that can record your DVDs and CDs, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money.  You will be replacing the batteries in it after 3-4 months.  I have one for my iPod Nano, and it is the same problem.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because it is a great product and I would not buy anything else.  However, the only problem I have is that the volume knob is too small for my ears.  The knobs are quite small, but that is not an easy thing to get used to.  My other problem is that it does not work well for headphones.  If you plan to use the product for headphones, I would suggest buying the iPod adapter.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to replace the previous one that I have had for years. The product is great, but the connection was very unreliable. I would have to turn it on and off several times a day to get the connection to work. The price for this product was reasonable, but it is a shame that it broke so easily. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been very pleased with the Sony mp3 player.  I am however very disappointed with this item because of the antenna that is attached to it.  The antenna is made of PVC and is NOT made of metal.  This antenna is very fragile.  It would break if the player is dropped on the floor.  Don't buy this item unless you really want to make sure your antenna is not broken!  I would suggest buying a different Sony mp4 player with an antenna made of steel 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i was very pleased with the product and the installation.  i just now found out that it will not work in any Mac OS X Lion (11.1) or Mac OS 10.4 (Leopard) that is not 32 bit. i will now be returning the product. i was expecting the product to work with the new Mac OS Sierra. i have no other recommendations to the manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very low quality cd player.  It is very loud and is not very good for long term use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't understand the hype that these headphones are better than the Beats Studio because I can't even use the headphones for listening to music.  The headphones sound pretty bad in general, especially for the price.  I would have been better off buying a Beats Studio at the same price as these, which are actually very good headphones.  It's a shame that I can not even use them in the car because the sound quality isn't nearly as good as the Beats.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband. He loves his CD player.  The buttons don't work well. The CD player's buttons do not have any resistance to being pressed.  We have had this for 2 months now and the buttons are getting more and more worn out.  I will not buy any more of these CD players.  Don't buy these CD Players!! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because it was advertised as a USB hub.  It was not.  I had to return it and use a USB port on my computer for my USB hub instead.  This is a really big deal.  Don't waste your money on this one!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased and returned this product for one reason only. It is a little hard to plug in and it doesn't stay plugged in.  I also do not like the fact that I have to unplug it before using it.  It is very cumbersome and takes a while to set up.  Do not buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card, which is supposed to be compatible with a 1GB memory card, but when I tried to load some programs, the only one I could use was 1GB, which I don't have.I have had several other cards with this card and have always had the same problem with it.  Don't waste your money on this card.  I'm returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to make a backup of my hard drive and when I did it it did not work. I have to return it. I will be getting an Amazon Prime service but I will not buy Amazon products again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting a better product than this.  I received the product, and after 2 months the unit was broken.  The sound quality is pretty decent for a $30 device, but I do not have the ability to turn it on.  Very frustrating, and I will be returning this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's iPod Touch, and it's not as easy to use as the Apple products (e.g. the iPod Touch is much more intuitive to use).  The buttons don't click on and off the same way as the iPod touch does, and you have to do the same thing with the buttons on the iPod itself to use them.  Overall I'm just disappointed with the iPod product and don't have it anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this because it is supposed to have all of the radio functions of my i-pod, i.e. FM, AM, AM/FM, FM/AM, FM stereo, AM stereo, and AM/AM. i am very disappointed. none of the functions work and are extremely unreliable. i have had it for 1 month and have still not received any sort of response from the manufacturer. i would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna was not working at all.  It was a mess to have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know why this cable is in such a bad condition 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this unit at an online store and it shipped promptly.  The product worked fine, but when I went to use it, it did not work.  I am trying to return it because it is broken.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not very pleased with the product, the sound quality is not very good.  I would never purchase anything from Amazon again.  Amazon should be more sensitive to the customer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a nice looking piece but it has problems.  You can see the problem in the pictures.  I have had this for about a month and it is still working, but it is only half working.  The radio has a short range, so you cannot pick up the signals, and the speakers don't have much bass.  If you have a big television or radio antenna, this might be OK, but for small home appliances I would not buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for an iPod, but it doesn't hold the iPod properly. I've tried various things to fix it. I finally got it back and it has not worked again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works, but is too slow to use in the dark.  I will never buy anything from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture quality is excellent for the price, but the battery life is so short that you won't want to use it for anything more than a short time. I've had mine for 3 months now and the battery is still leaking.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player itself is fine, but the speakers sound very bad.  The volume was too loud, and they tended to ring in the background.  I returned it and will not purchase any more of this product.  It's very hard to listen to your favorite tunes on this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable does not meet the specifications required for an iPod cable, as advertised on Amazon. The product description is incorrect.  I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because it was the only memory card that was compatible with the HP TouchPad.  The card worked for a short period of time, but then stopped working altogether.  I returned it, and am still trying to get it to work again.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD burner does not work properly.  I have had to return the unit because it does not burn DVDs that have more than 4 or 5 files.  If you want to burn multiple DVDs at once, you will need to purchase the DVD Burner Plus which does work properly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not hold up to the standard of the Panasonic branded ones, but it is not as expensive as the others and it has a much better warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for my 5,500 rpm player, but it broke after 3 months of playing.  I had to buy new speakers because the one I had worked for 5,000 rpm.  The speakers are not made by Sony.  It looks like the speakers have been made by another manufacturer, but I can't be sure because I don't know the brand name of the speakers.  They have an extra wire hanging from them.  Don't buy this item unless you really need it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to pay $20.00 for this mouse. The mouse is made of cardboard and has no mouse wheel. There is no way to use the mouse wheel with a wheeled device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use with my laptop and I was not satisfied.  The speakers were way too weak.  If you plan on listening to music with your laptop, this will NOT do.  I returned it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these to replace my older Sony receiver which I just sold.  It worked fine for about a year then stopped working altogether.  I'm not sure why but they just don't work with the Sony software anymore.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i've had this for about 6 months now and it's a big piece of junk.  I've tried it with various printers and scanners.  the only ones that work are the HP ink cartridges.  i have also tried with the HP Color LaserJet, which is a real piece of crap.  but i've also tried the HP LJ2000, which does work.  now i just have to find a better printer.  if you're looking to get this printer for $40 you may as well spend $60 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD-R drive did not work with my Sony camcorder, which was running at a resolution of 720x480.  I bought a different brand for $5.00 at a local electronic device store, which worked fine with the camcorders and which I will keep.  The drive was useless for recording pictures.  It was impossible to eject and transfer pictures in case of power failure.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only positive review about this product is it has the capacity to store the CD, but it does not have the capability to store all the files on the CD. I have had the product for only one month and I have already had to write one negative review.The fact is that if I use this product to hold my CDs in the same fashion as the player, it will store only about 5% of the files, which is about half the capacity of the player. For example, my CD has about 30MB of music, which has not been saved to the player at all. The player will store the rest of the music in the internal hard drive, which, by the way, does not hold any more than 30MB 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product, unless you want a bad case. I used to have the original one that was fine and I would buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product at Amazon because the other reviews here are all positive.  It is an MP3 player but it is not an iPod.  I am sure it is a iPod if you plug it into an iPod and use the player.  The only positive review is that it works with the iPod, but the product is not compatible with the older iPod Nano.  So if you plan to use this product with an iPod Nano, I would suggest getting a third-generation iPod nano 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know what the difference is between the two of these, but the only way to use the optical drive in Windows is to press the eject button to get it out of the system, then use the cd burner function to burn the disc to the optical disk, and then use Windows Explorer to view the CD in the software.  If I were you, I'd take a more expensive player with an optical drive so you can burn your disc to a cd and use the player as a player.  I've seen no indication that the optical is actually an optical disk in Windows.  The player only recognizes discs on the disc burner, so you'd have to burn your discs as well to get them to play.  It looks like an optical burner to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my wife's new laptop. The only positive review I can give is that it is a compact size and that it has an antenna which can pick up FM and AM stations and HDTV stations.  The problem is that the software is not user friendly and it will not allow you to adjust the antenna for better reception.  My wife was in the car with the radio on for over an hour while we drove to an FM station in another town. I had to turn it off and restart the software to see if it worked again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very excited when I found this little thing for my Canon PowerShot S9500 camera.  It seemed to work well with my new Panasonic S9510.  However, after some time it started losing connection to my Panasonic S90X and I had to turn off the Panasonic camera so that it could connect to the new Panasonic camera.I've been through many other brands of "mini USB" cards and none of them worked with my Panasonic.  I'm a newbie at electronics and I've been buying brand new equipment and new cables.  So if anyone else has this card, it might be worth looking at Amazon or at eBay 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because I wanted something that would last longer and hold up to the constant scratches on my laptop. Unfortunately, they are not worth the money. The only positive review I can give them is that they do not make a mess, which is very important to me. The scratches are noticeable, however, and will wear out your mouse. I will never buy these again, unless I get rid of them and buy a mouse from Amazon (which I will). 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted to have a radio that was smaller than my old PDA, and I wanted the ability to have it with me when I was driving, so I wanted something with less cables.  The PDA does have the ability, however, to have the radio on your dash and a CD player on the back.  I was a little disappointed to see that this radio does not have the FM radio function.  However, the CD player does have a built in FM transmitter, so that's a plus, though not a necessity.  In terms of the ability of this radio to transmit FM, I am not sure how that works.  Maybe it's something to do with the transmitter, but I cannot get it to transmit over the air, and the FM transmitter itself is not built into the radio itself.  That's not a big deal, however.  If you don't care about FM, this radio is a great choice, and there are plenty of other radios with built in AM radio capability, but for the price, I'd say it's a step back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because I needed a DVD player and wanted to record DVDs.  Unfortunately it does not play DVDs with any quality at all.  I would not buy this item again.  It would be more expensive if I could get it to play DVDs without any problems 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Dell laptop that was starting to fail and i needed a new one. I bought this and it is not worth the money at all. the speakers in the back are very weak. i have to turn the speakers all the way up in order to hear the sound and the speakers on the front are just as weak. it also has a very short battery life and if i forget to turn it on it will only be for about 5 to 10 minutes. i did not even bother plugging it in to charge it. i will never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD changer was just ok.  There is no auto power on and it was only a few weeks ago that I decided to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work. The video is out of sync and it is very annoying to have to replace the battery so often. I do not recommend this product for those who have the chance of being away from home and have the need to replace their battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my old iPod with a smaller size. I was very disappointed in the lack of features of the original. I am not able to listen to any music on it (other than iPod music) and the buttons don't work with the iPod.  I also received a defective battery for my iPod. I will return it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does work, but only if you have a brand new modem. The customer service rep told me I needed a newer modem, which is a lie. I have been told to return the modem, and Amazon is doing it for me.  Don't buy this product. It is junk.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these because they will break the speakers! The only thing you can do is return them and get a new pair of speakers.  The speakers that I got were defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this to record my ipod, but it is not recording it properly. I would give it 0 stars if I could get it to work.  I am sending it back now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item has failed for both my 2 new Dell laptops. The screen is not bright enough to see the display, and it does not support the software I installed.  I would never buy anything from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is a little expensive but I am not buying this because of the sound quality.  It's not great.  I have the stock cable and the speakers are not very loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very small product. I got it in two pieces and it is just barely bigger than the battery holder on the back of the unit. The sound is very poor and not very loud. The only positive review about the product is the fact that it does have the ability to store an extra battery. However, I do not recommend this product because it is very bulky, and the instructions do not give you the option to put a new battery in it, which is very important when buying batteries to use with this product. It is a shame that such a good electronic device would be made in such a small package. The product will eventually break, but the only way it will break is if you drop it on its side or it gets caught on something. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product only 4 days after the delivery.  I expected to receive the product by the next day.  The product has no functionality.  Do not purchase from Amazon, as they do not deliver timely 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this, and it did not arrive on time.  I sent it back and the person who shipped it me said I needed to pay for shipping.  Not a good electronic device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this battery because I'm looking for an alternative to my Canon Epson 6500.  I have tried several batteries with the same specs, but I have always found that this is the most expensive battery for the same capacity.  The 6500 is more than twice the price, and is much better in the long run 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased and received the item and have used it.  The screen is very dim and the sound is extremely weak.  I will not purchase this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was returned and I was told they had sent me a new one.  I was quite disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product, expecting it to be good, but the quality of the product was not what I expected.  I would never buy a product that I do not expect to be reliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this radio and was very disappointed.  I received the product very quickly but it did not work.  This was due to the fact that the radio's antenna is so short.  If you have a short antenna, this radio is a total waste of money.  It would be nice if this product was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this cable at Amazon for my son and was hoping that it would be more than an occasional use item. I was very disappointed. I have a Canon printer, but the print heads are often switched off. The printer now has a hard time printing in low light. It's hard to believe this is the same cable I bought for the Canon printer at Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with the product. I have not had any problems since I installed it, but the sound quality is sub-par. I am looking at getting rid of it as I do not like the sound of this product. It is loud and I have to listen at least 15 minutes before I turn it off. I would rather not have it if it was less loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say I've had problems with this product in the past.  One time it broke my power cord and I couldn't get it to turn on again.  I just wanted something to replace my old power cord because the power cord on this one broke.  That is why I bought this item instead of the generic brand name that is included in the box.  It would have cost me a few bucks to get the generic power cord 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I have about this product is that the antenna does not seem to be strong enough to get signal out of the building, especially for FM.  The antenna does seem to pick up a signal quite a bit better with the antenna mounted on the wall of the apartment, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was the cheapest, but the picture quality is horrendous! I have to reset it and use the "HDMI reset" feature to get it to work, otherwise I have problems with the TV.  I have a Panasonic plasma, and I cannot get the TV to connect to it! It has to be turned on and off with the remote, or it is always in the "off" position. It is not even "on" because the picture is always too blurry and the TV will turn itself off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used the card with 2 of the Panasonic CF-6600's in my Canon PowerShot SD30.2 (with the other in a Canon Powershot P600).  The cards did not work with the P600.  The CF-2600 was fine, and worked with the Powershot SD30, but it did not have any trouble with the CF-9600 card, which worked with both the P6000 and P600 with no problems 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my order from Amazon and got the package to me in 2 days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for about a month now.  The sound is ok, but not great.  It's a little hard to use the remote because of the sound, and it is hard to find the "stop" button.  I've had to return it because the volume is too loud for the room.  Now I have a new Sony ear bud for my iPod.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad product. You will have to take your TV to a store to return this one. The picture is very small.  The sound is also very tinny and barely audible. The battery life is only 2-3 hours on a charge. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My laptop died after 2 months, which is why I'm looking for a new one.  I got it from Amazon for $30.00.   It worked for a few weeks, then the battery died.  So I decided to return it.  The return shipping cost me $15.00 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't come with a case so I bought a different one, and it didn't fit.  I had to return it.  But don't buy this if you are buying this for a gift. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not as advertised. I am a heavy electronic device user, and I can not use the "up to 20" in the manual.  The only option I can find is to call in a tech. I will not buy a "up-to-20" product from Amazon, this is a joke.  Amazon should be ashamed of their products.  I will be looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones themselves were fine, but the ear-pad broke and the headphones were useless.  I returned the headphones and bought a different pair of headphones.  Do not buy these if you want to use them with a computer.  The sound quality is not comparable to the better headphones I have, and they will break easily.  If you are looking for headphones that will hold up to a laptop, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a little less powerful than I was expecting, so I returned it and bought the more expensive Canon Pixma 4500.  I would buy this product again, unless Canon decides to upgrade it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is nice but the sound quality is terrible. I had to take it back and got the iPod Classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an HP Pavilion, which I have since purchased and installed.  It is an HP Media Smart Hub.  The hub has 2 Ethernet ports and a single USB port.  I had 2 problems.  One is that the USB ports are only accessible when the laptop is powered on, so I have to plug in the power cable first.  My second problem is that when I unplug the power cord, the laptop stops functioning for about 20 seconds to a minute.  If I plug in and then back it up while it is on, the power will still be on but I won't be able to access the network.  HP needs to do something about the ports so that I can plug in while the laptop sleeps.  They are both very difficult to plug into.  Other than that, the hub is OK.  There are only a few of them so I can't complain too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was shipped in a very damaged condition. It is not usable for the purpose it was intended for. The sound quality is a huge disappointment. The speakers were very poorly built. They do not fit my ears well. The microphone is not sturdy enough to withstand the abuse I am giving them. The buttons are not as easily accessible as the controls on other speakers I have purchased.  The only positive review I have about this product is that the box it came in is a great deal cheaper than the others I have received. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item from Amazon because of the great price.  I am not impressed with the product.  The sound is very quiet, but I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they had a great review, and they are...  only moderately effective.  I can get more than half a song with the first tune.  So I guess it is just not worth the money.  Don't buy these if you want a decent CD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPod nano has a very small case. The screen is not quite as big as the ones in my other iPods. I have been able to use the case to protect the speakers. It is very difficult to turn the iPod into its case when it is sitting on the floor because it does not stay secured in its case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not able to get it to work. I returned it.  I would not buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the product to record my husband's DVD collection and then transferred them to my Mac using Media Composer.  It works but not very well.  I have not yet used it to record a full DVD, but it would have been very easy to do so.    I had a similar product from Amazon.  The only difference is the Amazon product came with a DVD player and a DVD burner.  Amazon's product was a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very flaky mp3 player.  You can only turn the radio up and down, and it is very unreliable when you want to change songs, etc. I returned it in less than a week.  I would suggest looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product I bought was a non-working product.  I returned it because it didn't work on the ipod that I had.  The ipod worked fine with the new iPod nano.  This product is no longer supported 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap radio. I expected to receive more reception and more power.  I'm now looking for a better radio that is more expensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a little surprised when the cable broke.  I tried to return it, but they won't refund it, so I just have to take it back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not been able to get the software to work.  I am using a Samsung Series 15 in Sprint branded Galaxy SII.  It is a very slow drive and I am very disappointed with this product.  Do not buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a 2GB SD card and it is only 1.5GB.  I can't even get it to read a movie on my HP Pavilion.  So I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it for free from a good electronic device store.  It was just not an option to get it at the store.The picture is OK, but there are a lot of spots that are a little too close together for my liking 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't think I'm alone in this one.  I had problems with the first two of these I bought.  Now I have to return them for a refund.  There is no way to get it to work if you have the manual for the mouse on your desk in front of you.  The software is totally out of date.  It is also very slow.  A friend of mine told me that if he did the same thing he would have problems with this mouse.  So I bought another mouse.If you want to use a mouse with this, buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item that I purchased was not what I was hoping for.  The product I received had only a 50Mbps connection.  I returned it to Amazon and they refunded my money.  It's been 2 months since I received my item and I have not received any further response from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This printer worked with a Kodak Color Print cartridge but not the Kodak Photo Pack.  I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these batteries at Wal-Mart.  They are junk.  Don't buy them.  You will waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my new printer.  I have a HP 705 and it has the usual "quicker" scan speed.  This scanner, however, does not recognize the print head when it is turned on.  In order to turn it on, I had to first hold the scanner with my hand.  The scanner's screen is very small and hard to read.  However, it does scan fine on the regular HP printers that I have.  It is, however VERY slow on the HP printer.I wish HP would make a faster scanner 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting a better product.  I bought it thinking that it would be able to hook up to my PC and I needed it to work.  What a disappointment!  I have had my Powerline for almost 2 months and I have not yet had it work with any of my Windows software.  The drivers are very slow to update.  They are even slower with the latest Windows 7 version.  If I have to buy a new one, I'll buy something more expensive and be more satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to replace an old pair of CDJs.  They worked fine for a few weeks, then started losing reception and became unplayable.  It's very frustrating to have to replace something that works for a while and then stops working.  Don't waste your money on these.  The new ones are more expensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the item in a timely manner.  However, it appears that the only option is to buy another product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been a fan of the Canon Rebel for years, and am very pleased with it.  I used it for a year or so, then it broke.  So I'm returning it and buying something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked for about 1 month, and then stopped working.  I tried to reinstall it (using my software, which is known to fix most issues with this card) and it is not working now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was very cheap, however its performance was very poor.  It would not work on the first attempt with an SD card and it would not let me copy any files over the network.  I returned it as soon as I received it and bought a more expensive product from Amazon.  The only reason I gave a bad review about the product is that Amazon charges a very high price for its product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a power bank to charge my laptop.  The only problem I have is that it doesn't fit all of my laptops.  I would suggest looking for a case that fits all of your laptops! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is mediocre.  I use this to listen to the radio and the volume is too high.  In comparison to other radios I have this is a complete waste of money.  My other radio is an Sony ICX-955, which is a lot quieter.  The ICX is also less expensive than this, and is far more convenient to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was supposed to be able to record 2 movies.  One was 2 mins and the other was 5 mins.  I couldn't even use the 5 mins that I bought from Amazon.  The sound quality was pretty much garbage.  Amazon should have put up a warning that the product is not as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this drive to transfer photos to my Sony FS6500 for use in my Canon 5D mk3.  It worked for a while, but then stopped.  I don't know if it's a defect with my Sony, but it wouldn't work anymore.  The transfer was a mess, and it is very slow.  Don't waste your money.  Do not buy this if you need to transfer large files! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting something that would help me to record the sound from my stereo and my ipod without having to purchase the actual player itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my iPod, and it worked for about 1 week before it started degrading in quality.  I returned it, and now the quality is horrible.  My iPod now needs an external stereo system to get sound.  The product description was fine, but the cable was not made for an iPod and I could not get any sort of warranty from Apple.  You need to purchase the Apple product for an Apple iPod, as the one made for your iPod does not have the same specifications as the iPod.  If you buy this cable from Amazon, Amazon will give you an iPod to return, but I wouldn't buy this if you have an iPod that does not work with this cable.  It is worth it to buy the cable if you are looking to get an iPod from Amazon and not have to worry about the quality.If you buy a different cable than this, it may work for 1 week, but it may cost more.  Amazon has a bad customer service.  Buyer beware. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These do not work with my Sony DVD player. I've had to replace them.  Don't buy them unless you have an older DVD player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this was because of the price and the fact that it is a compact product, but the product does not perform as well as the other products I have purchased from Amazon.  I am returning the product to Amazon and recommending them to anyone who is considering purchasing a CD player with this unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for the old iPod that I had to send to Apple for repair. I have tried using the new iPod twice and both times it crashed within a few seconds of launching.  I am not sure what other problems it has, but I am afraid that it might be the only problem with this product, and I am returning it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case has a very small storage compartment that does not fit any hard drives.  The only way I could get it to fit my 7 1/4" Macbook Pro was to cut it open so that the hard drive in the compartment could fit.  It is not worth the hassle, and I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does what it's supposed to do but you will be disappointed if you do not get an extra battery to get it to last longer.  I got a 60 second power supply but my laptop lasted only 10 seconds of that and it is now running on 2 batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My TV broke on me and the only thing I could find to fix it was a new TV with the same model number and cable.  If it happened again I would return it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was for my Panasonic Plasma TV.  But, I am not sure it is possible to use it on a newer LCD TV.For example, my Panasonic TV has a newer, brighter LCD than the Sony LCD TV that I purchased.I hope Panasonic will fix this issue 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the price for a CD player with crappy sound. I got mine from Amazon and they don't even offer a return option.  I'll keep my money and buy a CD-R instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as a replacement for my Canon S9520, which is now at its end of life.  The lenses were installed and functioned just fine, but the card is now too old to use the new firmware.  I would never purchase Canon products again.  You'll probably get what you pay for, but not these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is a piece of junk.  It does not have any signal to noise ratio.  I will never use this cable again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not very user friendly and the customer service is very slow.  I have returned the product and I will not be ordering from this site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really bad DVD player. It's not very bright. I tried several different brands and they all have very small LEDs that don't have the same brightness level.The picture is so grainy that it doesn't even seem like you can see the pictures on the screen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife's computer and it worked fine for about a month.  After that time it would randomly lock up and refuse to power up.  She returned them to the vendor.  I have a Dell XPS from HP, so I have the same model number.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a very weak DVD recorder.  the sound is a bit off.  i have 2 of them and both have very low quality recordings 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this printer after reading the reviews, which were positive.  The ink runs quickly and is nice.  Unfortunately, the color is terrible.  If you want a color printer, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought these, they don't work with the CD player I have.  I will be returning them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item for my husband's new HP desktop. He could not get it to work, so I returned it and purchased a different model from HP.  The new HP product is a bit easier to use, but I am still trying to figure out how to get it working on the old HP product. I will keep trying, but my HP desktop is now junk! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a great picture.  It gets blurry and the picture gets distorted 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very unreliable.  I used it in a hotel room with my ipod.  It would go dead in about 1/4 of an hour.  Don't buy this item if you want it to last longer.  Do not buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had my PAS-20 since the day it was received.  The product does work, but it is very slow.  I will not buy it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio worked for a few weeks but then died.  I returned it for a replacement.  Amazon will not ship this product outside the US 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card worked for the first couple weeks when I was on the road, but it started stuttering and died after a month. I returned it and bought another one from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These things have problems.  They do not work for the people that like to hook them up and have a mouse pad or something like that on the other side.  I had a mousepad that would not charge, so I returned it to Amazon for a replacement.  The mousepad came with these and I had to return them both.  Now I am stuck with a mouse that doesn't work anymore and I have to go buy a new one.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is too small to receive most stations. I used the antenna to receive my wife's apartment building which is at a higher elevation.  It was quite difficult to receive at all.  The only stations I received were weak. I wish they would make an even larger antenna to improve reception.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my printer for Christmas and I was very disappointed.  The printer does not print well and it is hard to print anything in the dark.  I will never purchase a Canon printer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so disappointed.  I tried the original SONY product, but it didn't work.  The product I received from Sony was defective, and the customer service reps couldn't help me anymore.  Sony sent me a replacement product that did work and is of a better quality.  If this is the same thing Sony is doing with their customers, I am sure they will do better next time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is useless.  I have had to return it because it did not work for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will get your hands on the cd player only after you turn it off and leave it sitting on the desk. The CD player was very weak in the beginning and when I went into the settings to turn it on I had to hold the power button for 5 seconds before it would work.  I would have preferred something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries work ok but I wouldn't trust them in the long term 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to replace my old Canon PIXMA 400. I was expecting a similar build quality to the PIXM 400.  It's just not.  I had to return the PixMA 400, and get this one instead.  The picture quality is OK, but the auto-focus is not very good.  This is the only Canon product I have ever returned because the autofocus is not reliable.  Don't waste your money on this unless you want a decent picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this. Don't waste your money. The cd player has some issues.  One of the buttons is broken.  I bought the player because I wanted to use it on my Mac.  If the player does not work with Macs, I will be forced to return the player.  Don 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this because my wife and I are both wireless networkers.  We got it together with an AT&T 4G phone.  The phone worked OK, but then it died after a couple months, probably because of the weak battery.  You need to buy an external power pack or a battery charger if you want to keep it running.  Don't buy this one if you don't plan to keep the phone connected for more than a few days.  I would not recommend this to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this item because i needed to carry my ipod with me and my car needed to have power to charge the battery.  the product is very weak, barely fits my iPod in the front.  i could have gotten a much better deal elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using the S2 with a Canon EOS 60D camera (not an expensive one).  I can see and hear it, but when I am in the camera's menu and use the volume up/down buttons, I can't hear anything at all.  I also have the power cord connected to my Macbook and it's a little noisy.  My only complaint is that the cables are quite thin, so I'll probably end up replacing the battery with an AC power cable next time.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i had this for about 5 months and wasnt even able to turn it on the first time. it had the same problem as my sony ipod, and it wasnt worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first Philips CD player broke in a short time.  This one I am replacing now.  I am not satisfied with the sound quality of the Philips product.  If you have an mp3 player, it is worth a try, but be prepared to pay a few bucks more 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this item for anyone who is not a professional electronic device user.  The only reason I bought this was because it was cheaper than other options and I wanted to use the scanner without any problems 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product doesn't work in my system.  I don't know what the problem is, but I have a lot of games and DVDs on my system, and it always crashes.  It's not the only problem that I have.  Don't waste your money on this one, it doesn't perform well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a little bit slower than other products, and if you turn on your TV, you will see it on the black list.  I do not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item after the warranty expired.  It worked well for a few months and then the screen broke.  The unit has a "no warranty" sticker on the case.  I don't want to pay for an RMA to get it fixed.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this product for several months and I am very disappointed with its performance. I use the 2.4 GHz radio only for music and don't use the Bluetooth. It will not transmit the audio signal from the 2 GHz radio to my car stereo and the audio quality is very poor. I was looking for a replacement and I was surprised when I saw Amazon selling the product for $20.00! I would suggest Amazon look at the product from Sharp Corporation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound quality is not very good. you need to listen to it to know what is going on. the volume is too low. i was looking for an iPod dock, i guess. i guess i will look for one on eBay. i dont know if it was my iPod, but it was not compatible with the dock, so i was left with an iPod Mini. i have not used it, but i did listen to the music and the sound was ok. i wouldnt buy this if you are looking for a dock.i will look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself works for the first few days, but after that it stops working.  I don't have any problem with the sound or the fact that it is so cheap.  What I have is an internal device that has failed to recognize the USB cable, and the product is no longer recognized by the Mac.  It is a major inconvenience for an electronic device to not work properly and to have to waste so much time trying to get it working again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item for a replacement radio. I tried it and it worked for the first couple hours.  But then the signal went dead.  I have no idea why the signal has stopped.   I will never buy another product from these folks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money at all. I had to return it because it did not work with my router.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product after three days, which was not unusual. The product does not work with any of my Windows XP programs.  It will not work in the Windows XP Media Center, nor does it work with Microsoft's WinRAR.  I will not be purchasing any more of these products, for the sake of my sanity.  The product is an absolute waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a DVD burner for $40, and was very disappointed. I am sure they have a lot better one, but it is a little overpriced for what it does.  I have a Canon printer and it's the same product. I don't even like burning DVDs anymore, so I just don't use this product anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the price. I use this product for my ipod, but I will never buy a case for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this cable for my Sony X900 and it lasted for about a month before it started getting weaker and weaker. I returned it to Amazon and the seller refused to refund the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the PDA to replace my laptop.  The PDA is NOT as sturdy as my previous laptop.I had to remove the battery cover and the card reader to get it to fit my case.  I could not get it all the way in.   I'm disappointed in the product because it has not been worth my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this card for 4 months now and I can't tell you why it has stopped working.  The card will only start and work for about 15 seconds of use before it crashes.  I don't even use it much anymore because I can never remember what it is doing.  It's an absolute pain in the ass to use because it can't even read the info anymore when it starts.  For a $15.00 card, I expect it to be functional.  If you have a high-end card, you might get away with buying this one, but for everyone else, this is a complete waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not compatible with Mac OSX. If you are planning to use it with Mac, I suggest to buy from Apple instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not meet my expectations.  I use it for a Sony MDR-Z1R stereo player, which I use daily for about 50 miles a week.  The only positive thing about it is that it is more convenient to use.  But it is still a waste of money, because it does not deliver the sound quality I'm looking for.  You could have a better stereo system with a better sound system, which is not included with this product.  This product should have a much better sound quality than the ones I have, but they don't 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this thinking it was going to work for my new iMac but it was not. I have never had a problem with it so I figured I had a bad one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had to replace this product twice now. The first time I received the wrong size cartridge.  The second time, when I tried to insert the cartridge in the player, it would not rotate the plug into the player.  I returned it and got a new one which worked perfectly.  This product is of very low quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this memory is not as advertised and is very expensive. i would recommend something more like the Kingston SanDisk Extreme, it is a much better deal. i also don't like the fact that it is designed to accept only SD cards that are not compatible with the Kingston product, so i can't use my 2 GB SD card anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product itself was OK, but the product packaging was a big problem. I received the product within 3 days of ordering, but it was still in the package and I had to return it.  It broke after just 3 months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this for my DVD player. The sound is ok, but the power output is low. I also purchased the same product for my radio. The radio is also fine, but I don't think this product has the same degree of durability. I have to plug in the product every 2-3 months.  I wish I could return this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This radio works fine, but is not very user friendly.  You have to have your own antenna to use this radio.  It doesn't come with a battery charger and you have to buy a battery if you want to use it on a longer trip.  I'm not too big on the small radios, but this is an expensive mistake.  My radio is on the back of my car.  The antenna is only 30 inches from the ground so I'm really not worried about the reception.  There are better radios that cost half the price.  Buy a bigger radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm having trouble with the sound.  I have a Sony MDR-10008, and the CD player is not working properly.  It's only one song, but I cannot get it to play again.  Sony does not offer any assistance on the web site for this problem, but it appears to be an issue with my player.  Please consider the MDR10008 model as an alternative. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned my ASUS RT-AC53U for a different model.  The product description stated "Intel Gigabit Wireless-AC3 300Mbps" but there is no way that it supports that.  I've seen that it is compatible with 100Mbps.  If ASUS could change the description, I would return it as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product does not work with the HP Pavilion Laptop. the product description was incorrect. the HP is not a laptop.  please check the HP website for the correct product description. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these for my wife, who is a student at a good electronic device school.  I have used the speakers for 1 hour and 10 minutes and they are not as good as my Sony's.  You must have an amp for these speakers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description on the website is wrong. The product was not what I expected. The headphones did not fit well, and the wires were very short. I returned the product and am looking for a different item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was defective when installed.  The screen was scratched, and I had to return the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones do not fit properly.  My wife could not get them to work.  I would recommend the Sony headphones as they are a better fit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player after having owned the Panasonic CD-X5. I was hoping it would have more power for my MP3 player, which I use almost every day. I had an excellent electronic device with the X5, but I still bought this because it was advertised as having an MP3 jack. Unfortunately, the unit does not have an MP2/Ethernet jack. I would have been much better off if this product had an MP1/EVERYTHING jack, which would make it an MP5 or MP3. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had it for about a week and it stopped working. I returned it and they sent me a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is not good.  there are several problems, it doesn't work with any of my CD's, i need to get a new one, i'm not sure what to do 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned this card for about 2 years now, but it was an instant failure when I first plugged in the new HP ProLiant G7s 2TB HDD.  I bought a used 1TB drive from Amazon, and the performance was much better.  The first time I plugged in this card, it just made a horrible screeching noise as if it was trying to start the computer.  It's now taking about 30 seconds or so to start up and work, and then it crashes.  Very frustrating!  I had the same card for 5 months, and it started working properly again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get what you pay for. If you really want a DVD recorder, I suggest you get something that can record at 1.4Mbps.  The Lexar is a little slow and doesn't have enough resolution to do anything useful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money, get a different brand!  I have a Sony mouse, and it is a big improvement over the previous one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a dvd player that i bought and after using it for 1 month the speakers started to crack. The player has 2 speakers which are not working anymore.  If you do not have any dvd players or speakers with crack, don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case was a little big, but other than that it is OK.  The only thing I can think of is that it doesn't stay closed all the time, which is probably a design flaw.  If you want to use the keyboard and mouse, this is a bad case.  I have one of the smaller ones and it is fine.  But if you want a larger case that can protect your mouse, you might want to consider this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product has some problems. The DVD player itself is ok, but the included software is not working. I will try to fix this in the next few days. The player itself, however, has some serious problems when it comes to DVD playback. The software crashes on almost all DVDs, even the most recent ones (i.e. the DVD player is from 2005). I do not know what this is all about, but it's annoying. If you are looking for a DVD player that works well, this is a bad buy. I would not buy this player again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an aftermarket product. I don't know if they are really that cheap, but this product does not work.  It's only a black screen, not a picture.  I'm sure there are better options out there, but at least they don't have this problem.  If I could return this item, I would 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My cd player was broken so i bought a new one and it did not work with this cd player.  i will never buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was working for a few months, then just stopped. I would recomment the other reviews with similar problems:1) don't have any software to control it.2) dont have any serial number or warranty info.3) don`t have a power cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's great to have a DVD player but they can't get it to play all of the DVDs I have.  The only way I can get them to play my DVD's is to use a copy of Windows Media Player in XP.  I have had two different brands of DVD player with the same problems.  If you like Windows Media player, you might want to avoid this brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried the same thing as a friend and it did not work for me.  I am very dissapointed because this thing was very easy to install.  What happened is the software did not support the USB connection to my printer, which is why I couldn't get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a Mac user and I wanted to have a DVD player that would play all my DVDs. I decided to get this because it was so cheap.  What I did not expect was to find that it would not play DVDs if I put a brand new DVD into the player and it was not formatted properly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband and he loves it, but the remote is useless. I would suggest the Mophie, because it has more buttons. It's a big difference in how the remote works 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought these over a dozen times.  The first one was a gift and lasted me a couple months.  But then it quit working.  So I have now purchased another brand for $20.00 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get a picture, but not the clarity of an actual camera.  I have a Canon 6D camera, and I have to say that this lens is very blurry.  Don't get this lens 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed to receive the item I ordered. I have had no problems with it, but I will be returning it. I am very much disappointed in the electronic device itself.  I had to replace it with another item of the same model, since the unit I received was defective. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player worked for the first week, then stopped playing.  Don't waste your money, get something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the previous ones I had had the problem of being too hot to use with a small case.  I don't want to be using my new laptop in such a hot environment, so I bought the case with the intent of making it less hot to wear.  It is a great idea to do so, but I was wrong.  The heatsink is just as thick as the other one, but it does not cover the bottom of the laptop.  If I put it on the back of my laptop it gets a lot hotter, and I am very uncomfortable wearing the case because it makes me sweat.  Don't buy it if you want to wear your laptop in a hot area 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is very cheap.  I will not purchase again.  It's very unreliable.  Do not buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i don't understand why the manufacturer didn't change the case type to anodized plastic, as there is a huge difference in durability when using anodize vs. leather.i bought this cable because it was a good deal, but it doesn't have enough signal strength to justify the purchase. i just wish i hadn't spent so much money to purchase it when i had the option of just buying the cheap cable i already had.i was not able to get any support or assistance from LG.i am so disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to mount the item in the car, but it did not fit in the dash.  If it fits in the trunk, it may fit into the dash if the trunk is opened.  It is hard to tell in the pictures whether the item will fit in a trunk.  I would not recomend this item to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product arrived late and we were not pleased with it. We couldnt use the sound unless the CD player was powered on. i tried several different CD players and none of them worked. this product is a total joke.  We will never purchase any other brand of CD player again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I noticed is the sound quality. I have an HDTV and this speakers produce pretty poor sound, and even worse with the bass.  I thought maybe I needed to adjust the speakers or maybe something was wrong with my TV but they didn't work any better with my HDTV than my other speakers.  The second thing I didn't like is that the speakers don't come with any carrying case or the included cable.  If you don't want to take your speakers on the road or want to use them as a media player, buy something else.  My suggestion to Sony would be to take a close look at this product and do a better job making them stand out to potential buyers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had my PDA for almost 4 years now.  It has been upgraded with newer components and it still works fine, but is a lot of trouble to use and not very fast.  The first time I tried to use it with the latest version of Microsoft XP, the program froze and would not save the screen.  I had to reboot it.  This problem was solved with the upgrade to XP Professional and now it works great.  However, I would not recommend this product.  In the future, I will use a Canon product instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this player because I thought the other one I had was ok, but it does not work very well with the iPod. I've tried all sorts of things, from changing the iPod from the CD player to my MP3 player, to my computer, and have finally settled on the iPod version. The player works OK with the other player, but with this one it does NOT work.  The player won't hold the iPod, and the player will turn off after 30 minutes of not holding it.  I have a Mac mini, and it will NOT hold the player if I unplug the USB cable and plug the player back in.  You'll have to have both the player and iPod plugged in to be able to use the iPod's.  If you don't mind paying $20 to have it fixed, this is a good player.  Otherwise, stay away from this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not usable until i got the 2GB card.  If you plan to use it as a 2GB, make sure you get the 2 GB card before you buy this product.  I have had no luck with this product so far.  It has not worked with any other cards.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case was very small, not adjustable at all, and not very well made 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this for is the ease of setting up my wireless network.  The antenna is of poor quality and has not delivered any signals at all.  If you want to keep the wireless connection going, buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the player for Christmas, but only played one song before the battery ran out. I returned it and bought a rechargeable batteries, but when I tried to charge them, I got a warning that they could not be used in the car, since it was so cold in the trunk. The batteries last longer if the car is cooled down a little bit. The player is not very loud, but it's not very quiet either. The only redeeming factor is that the batteries are included, which is a nice touch 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit does not come with any instructions.  There are many reviews saying that you must plug in the charger and then plug in your CD player to charge it.  I have not seen this instruction anywhere else and am not sure if it is included with the unit or not.  For example, I plug the charger in and it tells me that I need to plug the player in before the charger will charge.  Plugging in the player after the charger has charged it will NOT activate the CD player or anything else connected to it.I did my research before purchasing and found that other sites have had similar problems with this product.  You will not get your money back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my new mp3 player and it is very slow, very unprofessional.  I've tried many different mp3 players on the net and none have been this slow.  The sound is OK, but the fact that it does not have a power plug is a big mistake.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this printer because it was advertised as being "seamless" (i.e. not glued together). I expected it to be. I was disappointed to find that it was not.  The only difference is that the front panel is held together by screws rather than by the "plastic" that is usually glued together.  I have a Canon Epson HP 8400 and it does not have any problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am extremely disappointed with this product.  I've had it for a month and it still doesn't work.  It seems to be in an endless loop, so if you have a problem, just try to restart it or the software.  You will get no help 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for a few months now and it has only made a dent in my laptop, not enough to warrant replacing. I was hoping it would last longer than that.  I wish I had a better option because it does sound great for it's price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries in this product are a disappointment.  The unit lasted for just 2 months before needing to be replaced.  We have tried to find another battery that works.  It's impossible to find one that will hold a charge, let alone last long enough to last you 10 months or more 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting a lot more than the 50 MBit/s that is advertised. I expected that the player would be able to record to an external drive, which would be stored and ready to play right away. The player does not have an SD card slot, so I am unable to use it to record and play back the recorded files to an SD. The DVD player is not connected to any of my digital cameras, so there is no way of checking the quality of the video I'm recording 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an OK case, but it's really hard to open and close because it has no case clips. I'm not an electronic device connoisseur, so I was surprised when I opened the case and found that it had not been properly closed with case clips! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in hopes that it would work for my iPod but it does not work on my iPod because of a bug in the software that is required to support the iPod.  If you are buying this product and want it to work for your iPod, be very careful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my kids who were on their way to college. The sound is not very clear. The TV's volume controls are not intuitive and it takes several tries to get them to work.  Don't waste your money, get something better! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is fine, but its software is awful. The default version is a pain to use. The programs are hard to find and it will sometimes crash when I try to change something.  I have been told that it has an older software so I'm being cautious.  My next unit will be a Panasonic DVP-R20. It will be cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Canon Epson V750 and it is a beast.  I am constantly losing it, it can not hold any more than 20-25 photos and it cannot transfer to a Mac with iTunes.  This thing can only do what I have programmed.  The transfer speed is very slow and sometimes I have to do manual work to get it to transfer.  Very disappointing.  But if I have some other card in the slot it can work.  So I'm out of luck with this product.  What a rip-off.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio seems to be OK, but not very reliable.  The reception is not consistent across the city.  I have had no luck in finding a radio that is more reliable.It is a shame that I can't give this item a good review 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm so disappointed with this product. I would not recommend this product for any electronic device. It does not work very well with an i7 laptop, and I was very disappointed with its lack of support for the optical drive I purchased for it. The only reason I gave it three stars is because I will gladly take it back if I can get it to work with my i7, which it does, but it's a hassle 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this product out and it is very difficult to get a signal with it.  I was able to get it to transmit just slightly over the 5Mhz limit but it is still not enough for me.  The signal strength was not that great.  Not much useable at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item as a backup, but it is useless. I can only do a few songs. I do not recommend this product, unless you plan on using it every day. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this product for a year now and I have to say I am very disappointed with it.  It's a very simple product to use, but the volume control does not work.  The volume is fine, but it is not adjustable.  I also have to remove the antenna and the connection to the computer.  All of the other functions work fine but this is the only thing that does not.  You have to constantly reset the volume to keep it from falling below zero 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for something to hold my iPod, and had no other options. I thought I'd give it a try, and was very disappointed. The case is not made of leather and the headphones are very uncomfortable, making it difficult to get them on.  I have a large Sony mp3 player and this is not a viable solution 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping that this would be the difference in the range and reliability of my router.  I got it for $75 on Amazon, and it was worth $20 less at Best Buy.  However, it's really no better than the Linksys I've used in the past for my ISP.  This router is really a step backwards for the money, since they offer better features and better performance than the TP-Link model.  My advice to you is to avoid this one.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money.  Donate it to the "others" at Amazon or Wal-Mart and save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this card for about a month and now it is dead.  I am not happy with it because it does not work at all with my new Dell laptop and it is a big pain to use.  Also, it was very slow, I could barely use it for an hour and 20 minutes and then it would hang and refuse to power up again.  If you want to use it with your new Dell, get a Dell card instead of this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return my mouse because of the poor trackpad.  I've had a few of them in the past and all had terrible trackpads.  If you are looking for a mouse with a good trackpad, get a Logitech one instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this printer for 2 years now.  I tried to use the software to print in color, and it was very difficult.  It prints black, white, and green.  You can get the green color from the pictures, and the black color is so faint that it barely shows in the picture.  My wife is very disappointed with this printer.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a defective product.  The instructions for installing the software were incorrect.  I have been advised by Sony to return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only positive review I have about this product is that it was very easy to use and the sound quality was ok.  The fact that the microphone does not record audio at all is a real bummer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item because I had a Toshiba laptop that would not hold a charge while running on the external power. The charger itself was fine, but the power cord had a broken connection.  I had to return the item and use a standard power cord with a standard socket. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD burner worked for a while, but it got slower and I stopped using it.  It doesn't have any protection against a virus so you might want to use a more expensive brand of burner, which is why I purchased a brand new one from Amazon.  If you want to burn DVDs, I would recommend an A/V Media A/v DVD Burner (or equivalent).  The burner on this unit is a piece of junk, and I am now using the Amazon brand burner.  Don't waste your money on Amazon - their product is inferior to the Media-X brand DVD burner 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as a spare power supply to keep my old power supply at work, since I needed a new power supply.  I was not impressed.  It didn't hold a charge, and the unit was a little loud at high volume.  Overall I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure why the item is so cheap...it is not very nice.  It only has a 3.5mm jack.  The microphone is not great.  I wish I could return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the picture quality was great with my Canon S110c.  But when I switched to the Canon S400c I started to get "jelly-scanning" artifacts.  It's a very slow image quality, I got about 2 frames per second.  I would recommend you get the Canon product instead of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPod mini is ok, but its not great.  The only thing is that it doesnt have a case, but i bought the larger iPod shuffle and it does!  If youre looking for a mini mp3 player, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this cable from Amazon.com.  It did not arrive as promised.  Amazon refused to refund the money.  I called Amazon customer service.  Customer service said they cannot refund the product because they don't have the correct number of connectors.  They said they would ship the correct amount of connectors to me.  A total of 6 connectors were sent to me, but the 6 connectors I received did not have any plug on them.  If you buy this cable, don't buy the ones they sent to you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these earphones and they did not work with my Sony Sony MDR1X.  I contacted Sony tech support and the representative told me the earphones will only work with Sony MDP1X units.  Don't waste your money and buy the MDP2X which has a better sound.  The Sony MMP2X is not as comfortable as the Sony MDF1X earphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative review I can give this product is that the volume control does not work.  I have had it for two days now and still have no idea where the volume is.  It seems to be a common problem with this product.  So, if you have this problem, don't buy it, and find a cheaper device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not worth buying. I just used it and it is very unreliable. The sound is great if you can get it working, but when I tried to connect it to my stereo, it wouldn't work.  I'm very disappointed in this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this CD player after looking at other brands at the price. The player is in a state of disrepair.  It works for a few minutes then it turns off.  I have a Sony player that is in great shape and the sound is excellent.  The player has a slight blue tint to it when you turn it on.  If you do this on the road you may be safer than if you were to use the player on your own car.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product works for the first 2 weeks then stops working. I called Sony and they said they have not received any complaints from anyone with this product.  I don't know what the problem is, if it is a bad motherboard or if the product is defective.  If you have a new one, try it out first and if it works you may be able to get a replacement at a reasonable price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This printer is not made for printing.  If you want to print photos, it would be fine.  However if you want a printer that can print lots of photos per hour, then this one is a joke.  It takes 10 minutes to print a photo, and then another 30-60 minutes to take it to a photo booth, where you have to stand still, and you cannot even turn the printer on.  The only reason I bought it was because it was the cheapest printer I could find in store.  I would never buy another brand.  Save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my ipod, and it did not work out. I have since bought the cable to use with my iPod 5G. It is a much better deal to buy the $4.99 cable from Amazon that I had in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound quality is okay, but not great. the CD player is bulky and heavy.  the player has an automatic antenna. i had to go buy a cheap radio to get the FM reception.i think this is an old product that is out of date and not supported by Apple.i am disappointed with the product. i would suggest you buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is ok but it is very fragile. i used it with my HP Laptop and had to put it in a case.  if you put it on a surface that is not totally flat, the unit will shatter and the sound will be damaged 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound is great. but the CD player is VERY loud. i am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this cable has the worst reputation out there. it is so cheap and not worth the extra money to invest in it. it would not work in my system and the sound was extremely distorted. i would not purchase this cable again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this memory to replace my old ones that were broken. The only problem I had with the old ones was that they didn't hold my photos well enough. This memory does not hold well enough for me to be able to edit my photos without losing them. The first problem I ran into is that I need to plug in the memory at least twice a day, and that is the problem with the second problem.  It takes at least a half an hour to edit one photo, so if I leave it unattended for even a few minutes, I'm sure I'll lose it.  I tried the "just press the power button for a few seconds" method, but that didn't work, so I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's ok if you want to plug it into your power supply and have it go through your computer.  But if you have to power up your computer every night just to turn it on for its first time, this product won't work.  The AC line is too short to keep it plugged in 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does the job.  If you want to save a little money, try something else.  I purchased this to replace the DVI port on my HP Pavilion 1520 and it was a complete waste of money.  My HP Pavilion has the HP Linkport.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this printer, which was supposed to be great.  But it really isn't.  The ink quality is very poor, it smudges, it eats paper like crazy, it won't print clear documents at all.  It also is very slow.  You'll want to use it with a scanner.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this phone for the occasional call.  I've had several problems with it.  First, it doesn't work when the dialing pad is set for the number I want.  Second, it cuts out and comes back on.  Third, the phone sometimes gives out an annoying ring.    I don't use it anymore.  The only reason I bought it was because it was advertised as a replacement for my broken Panasonic.  It's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing works well for the initial setup and then goes downhill.  I've had it for about 2 weeks now and my printer now has to restart a dozen or so times a day.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a Mac user, and bought this for my daughter to use at her workstation.  It is not a quality product.  The image quality is not great, and the sound is very poor.  I had to return it for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the item on Feb. 20 and it was delivered to me on March 11.  I've been unable to receive any help or answers from the Amazon customer service representatives 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will get through many boxes but one box is in the case when you open the case. The bottom of the case does not allow you to get in the front to remove the battery (this is a major drawback if you use it in an apartment or an older house).  You must also remove the batteries from both sides of the box to get access to the batteries.  The case is also hard to use with your fingers and if you drop it the battery can get broken 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was defective.  It does not work on my iMac.  The customer service is not very helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible piece of equipment. I will never purchase another iPod unless I have the original iPod with me.  I have a second iPod with my wife and it is a great product.  The only way I can get this to work is to buy an external CD player that is also an iPod.  If you want to keep this iPod, buy an iPod case.  You can't see the internal CD player unless you have an iPod with you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a complete disappointment.  The product was shipped as a gift and not in its original packaging.  I would not recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried it with my Dell PowerEdge R700 and it was not as fast as the other HP printers.  The scan speed was slow and sometimes took 2 or 3 seconds to complete.  It is very unreliable and I'm sure that the HP could be doing something wrong.  I will never buy HP printers again.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been through many Sony products and this is by far the worst I have seen. The sound is very bad. I have bought an earpiece with better sound than this one, but it is way more expensive. I am now returning it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is soooooo slow and unreliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is OK but not very clear.The sound is very faint.It is very annoying when the battery dies and you need to switch it off.It will also make the unit very difficult to use if you don't have a decent headphones.The buttons are very small, not easy to use and not comfortable to press.The only reason I gave it 5 stars is because I'm a big fan of the Apple iPod.  I bought this product thinking that it would help me get rid of my iPod but it has not worked for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this unless they were in stock.  I'm just one person that bought this because of the fact that the iPod was so easy to put into my car's iPod slot.  After 2 months and no complaints, I have now had to return it.  It is very difficult to hold the iPod in place when it is upside down in the slot, and the buttons are very small.  For the price I paid, I expect to be able to use the iPod with the case attached.  Now I am looking for another brand of iPod that is less expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product.  If you have a small room (or a low end mp3 player) then you will probably get more bang for your buck with a better quality mp3 device from Amazon.  The product is not as advertised.  I would not recommend it.  It is very flimsy and hard to use.  Don\'t buy this unless you want to be embarrassed to have this product in your house.  Amazon could have put it together better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My printer worked for a while but stopped working the second I turned it on and it stopped printing the first page.  The printer is supposed to come with an RF modem which should have worked with this printer.  I am returning it.  It is also a waste of money.  Don't buy this printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this product at least twice and it did not work.  First time I bought this, it worked fine.  Next time I tried it, I got a blue screen.  It started up and then crashed and I had to reset the system.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only used it once, and it is the only one I have ever experienced freezing in the process of installing.  The other products that I have purchased in the past have been much more reliable and I have never had any problems with them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very happy with the product.  Unfortunately, when I tried to use the CD player it did not recognize the CD's that I had in my player.  I could not use the player to burn any CD's.   I had to replace it.  My wife bought the same model and it has a much better CD player. I suggest that you not purchase this model unless you plan to burn CDs. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it because it had the same specs as the original D-Link DIR-300.  Not even close.  Buy something else.  You will waste your money on a bad product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought this product twice and it is not working.  The first time I was using the printer it would start printing and then stop  and the print job would not finish 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son and it was great for a while, but then it broke. The instructions for replacing it are not clear. You can either replace it yourself or go to a repair shop to get it fixed. The manual for the replacement unit is not clear either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an overpriced product, its hard to get the battery out. I am now looking for a better one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a mistake.  I bought the $50 package of these for my wife and the software didn't recognize them and I had to return them.  So, don't waste your money.  It is a little awkward to use because it is quite heavy and the controls are not easy to get to at first.  Also, when you plug in your phone, it will go into the wrong mode and you will have to reset it to the correct mode to use it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only thing i have not been able to get to work for my new Sony Vaio.  I am having to return it.  It appears to be the only one of the "computers" to have this problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my item a few days ago and i'm having problems.  I've had the product for less than a week and I've experienced no issues with it.  Now I'm having issues with the software that is running.  There are many different kinds of software on the product and some of them are not very user friendly.  If you are not a computer expert you might be in for a long time waiting to get a replacement because there are no support options on the site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a good mp3 player for my daughters birthday.  The one I got is a lot less reliable than I expected and the sound quality is awful.  I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product to anyone. It has the same issue as my previous Sony MP3 player which I returned. The unit works fine in the iPod, but when I use it in the car, it does not work at all.  I will return this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not too impressed with the price, but I did receive a good electronic device.  The problem was that it did not work well with the SD card I purchased from Amazon.  I have had it running on my Mac for a few days and it does work, but it is not very stable.  Amazon will not help you get a replacement.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to sync my CDs with my CD changer, and then my discs were useless for the rest of the week.  I returned it, and am planning on buying a brand new product.  It is worth the money to buy a player with the remote, but the CD changers on this unit are a joke.  The buttons are hard to use, the menus are cumbersome, and the remote has to be placed right on top of the unit to use it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this at the end of the month because I was going to use it for a DVD burner.  I was not very impressed with the product.  The color output is terrible.  It is not even remotely usable for DVD burning.  My DVD player is a Sony VHS1000.  So I was expecting better from this product.If you do not have a DVD player, this is probably a good electronic device.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had two of these units in the past year, both of which have been lost.  It was one of those things that I just didn't know what else to do, so I just put in the replacement units from Amazon and kept on doing the same thing.  I did a little research and found that these units are "no go" with the "safe mode" option in Windows XP.  So I turned off the safe mode option, and it did not work for me.  Not a big deal, but I just wanted to be sure that I had disabled the safe-mode feature in my Windows XP machine.  Also, since these units do not have the "power management" feature, you cannot use the power button on these units to turn them off - it must be done with a "power saver" software package.  Finally, I find that Amazon's service is very slow, even for their free stuff - so it may be a bad bookkeeping device that Amazon has (or the software).  I wish Amazon would do a better job of fixing these units if they get lost 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this card did not work in my system.  it did not load the drivers properly.  i returned it and i am now looking for a better one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not the best product. I have had to replace my previous brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is junk. I have a Canon Canon 5D MKII with an external power supply. It would not work at all on the TV. I would give up on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card thinking it would hold up to my Canon G6. However, when it's not plugged in all the way, it gets hot to the touch, making it difficult to hold the camera steady 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can't expect to get anything useful from this card when you do not use a CD player.  The video is terrible and is quite slow to encode.  It is a complete waste of money for someone who only needs to watch movies.  I returned it because it was not worth it.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item hoping to replace the stock antenna, however the reception is not better. The reception is better on the $10 antenna, but the reception on this one is horrible.  I am leaving this item because I have better alternatives 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these to replace my old Sony CDX200 which died after a year and a half. They work well for the first few weeks and then become less reliable.  After that it takes forever to play a CD. I bought an extra one so that I could use the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speakers don't work at all.  I have been told by my electronics tech that they were out of warranty and that I could return them.  What a waste of time.  The only thing is they don't come with the power supply so I needed to buy that.  Other than that the speakers don' t do much.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my Sony PVM900, and I was not impressed.  I have tried the other brands of headphones and none have been as bad as the Sony PVMs.  They sound worse than the PVM 900.  The ear pads are uncomfortable and are not comfortable to wear.  These do not have a good isolation from the ear when playing music, and they also have a problem with distortion that can be very audible.  Also, there is a problem playing the CD that comes with this set.  When I turn on the CD player, it doesn't work, and when I shut it off, it reverts to the "normal" sound that comes from the player, which is pretty annoying when it happens every time.  It seems like this product is a big gamble for Sony because it seems to have very few advantages over the PVMS.  Don't waste your money on these! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have the best luck with electronic devices so I really don't like this product.  I have had mine for over a year now and have had trouble getting it to work.  It has all the buttons on the back.  So what if it didn't have them all?  The problem is the radio.  If you do not have the radio you cannot use this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing worked great in the beginning.  Then it started breaking up and becoming unusable.  I returned it for a new one and it worked fine for the first week.  The second week it started doing funny things and making noise.  We've had it for over a month now and it has now broken.  Don't buy this unless you know what it is and how to use it.  It is made for a different type of device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my daughter as a Christmas gift.  I was very disappointed with it.  The screen is very small, and not very bright.  It is also very uncomfortable to hold.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a big disappointment. I have a Samsung TV with a hardwired antenna, so the antenna was never attached to the TV. I was only using the wireless antenna. I do not recommend this antenna.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works, but not that great.  It is not as easy to use as other units.  You must have a laptop and have the mouse/keyboard combo.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife's laptop, and I must say that it is a total waste of money. I had the case on a few days, and my laptop still does not work. The case seems like it could hold a ton more air, but it doesn't. I have it in the closet because it's not the air that's the problem, but if I were to have to buy a case, I'd buy the one with the holes instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this because it will not work on a Windows XP machine. It will work on XP, but it will never load an mp3 into it and you will have to start it from the command line.  I've used many other products, including HP products, and the difference in sound quality is noticeable. This is a big waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because of the high-end price and I was a little disappointed.  The sound is very thin, not very detailed, and the speakers aren't very loud.  I don't have much to compare it to, but it was just as weak and not as loud as the Sony stereo.  It also has an RF antenna which is a real problem.  You can't use the FM radio because it is so weak and inaudible.  If you want to use the TV and the CD player, this is a no-go.  A good product: the sound is good, but the speakers are too small to use for a small home studio.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card with no intention of using it for a digital device, it works but its very unreliable. i could not load any program of any kind 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player doesn't work with MP3, CDR and CDR2.  I don't think the MP3 player is worth the money to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife and I bought this item and it did not work for us.  I used the instructions and it wouldn't even turn on, let it go for a second or two and then turn on again.  We returned it for a refund.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got my DVD player for Christmas and it was not working. I called Sony and they said that they would send me a new one. I got the DVD player back and it is still not working! I'm now looking at other brands for my DVD players. I wish they had sent me a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the CD-R drive was so cheap.  But when I got it I found out that it had no support for SCSI.  I tried to copy a 1GB CD from my Mac to it, but it failed miserably 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product only to find the remote is NOT ANSWERED 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product has some minor problems. It does not come with any warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the battery does not last as long as I expected, I'm still using it to charge my phone.  I bought it because it was advertised as being able to charge two phones at once, and I've found it does not.  If you want to get two batteries at once and charge both at the same time, buy a battery case, it will do the job.  It would be nice if they just made a smaller version, but it would be much cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this cable to use with my laptop, but it isnt supported 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not have the same sound quality as the JVC DVR.  I am very disappointed in this product, and am looking for another product with better sound quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product.  It is very thin and flimsy, so I wouldn't recommend it for use with your car. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is ok for the price.  I have a Sony m100 with the stock radio.  The reception is great.  However, when you turn up the volume, the radio cuts out.  This is a big problem when listening to the radio while driving.  In addition, the FM transmitter does not work in the car.  So if you use this radio for your car, I suggest getting an aftermarket radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These have not held up over time.  I had to replace them after just a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is so flaky that I cannot receive the signal at all! It is also extremely hard to find the right antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought these because they were cheaper than the ones at amazon.  when i plugged in the power to my TV i got a loud buzzing sound that seemed to go away when i powered it off.  i am not sure what it was.i have a sony pv55, which i like.so i am looking for a better solution 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting better than this product.  It doesn't hold the sound well at all, is too small and cumbersome to use.  My headphones have broken after using this product, so I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not sure if this is a defect or not but the connection is so unreliable.  I have used it only one time and when I turn it on it is a complete disaster.  Not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product because I had to use my laptop for a photo exhibition at work.  Unfortunately, I was unable to use it because it did not support Windows XP.  So I returned it to Amazon for a refund.  But Amazon still has it on the site as an item with the original shipping costs.  I would suggest getting a more modern laptop if you need a new mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not able to handle the data in my drive. I contacted HP and they did not refund me. I would not recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the item on time and as described, but it was a complete waste of money.  It worked great for about 5 days, then the battery died and I had to return it.  Don't waste your money on this product, it doesn't work.  Buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use with my Canon EOS 5D Mark II.  The picture quality was good.  However, the sound quality was extremely poor.  I tried to improve the sound by lowering the volume, but it was a total failure.  It still sounds terrible, even when you turn it down.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  It works, but only for one person.  If it works for me, it must be okay for everyone else!  If the sound is good, it will do well.  But it is a little bit noisy.  You will need to have the TV turned down to avoid the noise.  I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was good until I tried to connect to it and the router was very slow to respond and sometimes took up to 30 seconds to register the network 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return this because it stopped working after a week and I am not able to get it to work anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know how this product works, since I have been getting "stuck" and can't get it to work.  The only way I can get it started is by holding the reset button and pressing the start button.  If you don't hold this button down you'll have to start the machine again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this cable for a year and it has not given me any problems.  If you want a better picture, buy a Sony camcorder that has a longer cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because I thought it was just a cheaper version of the cable that came with my Sony A800.  It is not.  I have had trouble getting the sound to work on my Sony CD player because of the interference.  Don't waste your money on this cable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for about two months now and I have had to replace the batteries.  The unit will not hold the battery for long periods of time and sometimes I have to reset it so the batteries do not drain away too much.  I am very disappointed with this product.  If you do not want to use batteries for a portable device you should not purchase this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know if this is the same brand as the Sony, but I was given a different Sony product.  I received a black box and when I tried to open it up, it would not open.  The product is worthless and I don\'t want it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product worked for a while, but then stopped working.  Don't waste your money.  I returned it and the manufacturer will not honor the warranty 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not work.  I am not a tech but I'm a guy that uses the printer.  It isnt a Canon.  You have to remove the paper and get it to work.If I was a real pro at printing I would not buy this printer.This thing is junk.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was delivered to me by Amazon, but the product itself never arrived.  It's been over 6 months since Amazon shipped the item to me and still no response from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this product. The only reason I bought it was because I had to replace my aging CD player. The unit works with the DVD player that I have, but not the CD player that is included with the unit. I cannot even see the DVD that is being played on the unit because it is too small for me to even see, much less play. It is a waste of money. I would suggest going with a Sony player for your CD player if you plan to do a lot of watching or playing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product doesn't work in the US market. I am in Japan. I have no clue how to get a working card in Japan or how to fix this issue. I'm trying to get my money back from Amazon and will not do so if I can't get a refund from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried several of these before finally finding something that would fit my needs.  The one that worked for my computer was the cheapest at $20.00 (which is less than I pay for each DVD I use).  It worked well for an hour or so, but it eventually stopped working.  I returned it and got the exact same product for $20 from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great but the packaging was so far from being sturdy and sturdy it broke and now I have to pay shipping again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's ok for the money but I dont think it would have lasted very long 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used them on both of my Canon PowerShot and Sony Ericsson G700 cameras.  The G700 camera had a noticeable amount of "flickering" of images.  This is when the LCD is turned off and the camera is not recording the images. I've also had an occasional "hanging" effect when the camera's LCD is not on.  After doing a little research I decided to purchase the SD memory card that would fit my G700, and was very disappointed.  They cost $40.00 and the card itself only came in at about 4MB.  I bought this card from Amazon and received the item within 1-2 days.  There was no warning from Amazon when the item shipped so I had no idea that it might arrive damaged.  When I received it, I discovered that it had been returned damaged from Amazon.  Amazon was kind enough to offer me a $30 gift card and a $5 credit, which I can use towards any other Amazon items I want.  It's a very unfortunate situation that Amazon has returned damaged items to me and I would not recommend them for this type of item.  However, the SD card itself worked fine with the G700 and it worked perfectly with the Sony Ericksson G705. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These things are junk, they will NOT fit in any normal case, they have to be the size of a regular case.  I used them for 2 weeks, and they broke after just 1 month.  My next ones will be the same.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for a gift and it did not work.  I returned it for a refund.  What a waste of money.  The picture quality is fine, but it is not a lot better than a standard camera.  You will get better pictures with a better camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item was damaged and the repair cost was not included 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been trying to figure out how to remove the memory card and have had no luck.  I used to be able to use my original Sony CD-ROM drive with the memory cards.  It's now unusable with the original drive and I have no way to return it to Sony 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this card, and it came as the package "Sierra" (which is the only brand name I have) which is NOT the product I ordered 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My car radio, which is a Mitsubishi made, is on the lower end of the spectrum. I have not experienced any signal strength loss from it. However, I find the receiver has a weak reception. I also wish it was a little easier to set up and use.I would not purchase a SIRIUS for the car radio because of the weak reception I am experiencing.I am also concerned that the FM transmitter is not working properly. I was able to get it to receive the station in my area, but I will be returning it for a different radio. It may be the radio I have been using, but it is also an example of what you can get with SIRIs. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money.  I've used this printer a few times, but not very often.  The ink can run out before you get the job done.  If you want to print something large or important, buy a inkjet printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the software and it started making funny noises. I had to take it apart and use a different software to get it to work.  I had a brand new printer at the time and had no idea how to set it up.  Don't buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery in the Sony SONY MPX600 is only good for 1 hour of continuous use, so I suggest to buy a second battery, preferably the Sony MPX1000.  I purchased the 1000mAh battery from Amazon, and it lasted me all of 10 minutes 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried several times with the product and it wouldn't load. It would then freeze and I had to restart the program.  It is not worth the money to me to be locked in to the program on my system.  If I ever need to download a new version of the software, I'll return the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to replace my Sony mouse, which I no longer use.  The mouse itself is a good product, but it is not designed to be plugged in to the player.  If you don't have an extension cable, this product is useless.  Also, it is very expensive for the amount of use it's getting.  I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter.  She does not like the remote, and I do not use it often, so I bought the new Sony V-Remote for her.  We've had trouble with both remotes so far.  I will never buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because of the price, but it doesn't hold up.  My laptop is now very slow in loading and saving pictures.  It is not worth the extra money unless you're using it to take pictures for your personal use.  I have since returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife for Christmas. She used it for a few days and then got very annoyed with it. She kept getting the power to go to the wrong room. After that I thought it might be a bad item, so I sent it back. I got the replacement at Amazon and now have the same problem. I just wish I had gotten a cheaper item for my birthday gift! I would not recommend this item. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not as much as I expected.  The screen is pretty small, but the volume is so small that I can't even listen to the radio at full volume.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to use for my iPod, but I am now returning it because the battery life is not nearly as long as I expected.  I used it for a week or so, and then decided to replace it with the same brand name brand product I was using.  The new battery I bought was more than twice the cost of the one I was getting rid of 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my first unit of this in a timely manner.  However, the only problems I had with it were the fact that the mouse wouldn't go into Windows 7.  I have since upgraded my operating system to Windows XP.  If you don't use a mouse in XP you might have problems with this mouse.  The software for Windows XP has no options for switching between mouse modes.  You have to use the mousewheel to switch between modes. The mouse buttons are all on the left side, which makes it very difficult to use this mouse if you are right-handed.  My friend who is right-hand dominant can use this keyboard better than I can.  All in all I was disappointed with the mouse because it is very slow and it is not adjustable.  In a positive review about electronic device, it works but it's very hard to get it to work in Windows XP, and it's not adjustable, which is why I gave it a 1 star rating 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these. they are a waste of your money. i purchased 2 of them. one had an antenna sticking out of it and one didn't. i was told by my dealer that the antenna would fit. i bought it anyway. i still have 2 problems with it. first, it is VERY noisy. it is barely audible and the sound from it is almost as bad as the other speakers in my house. i cannot hear my wife or kids from it, it has to be on full blast or i would have to turn it down. i would recommend getting a lower priced model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product, as there is no clear instructions on how to remove the front panel and replace the battery.  I just used my Philips headlamp to remove all the buttons.  You will have to spend quite a bit of money on a proper battery charger to charge it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not have the capability to stream HD, but does have the ability to download and view it to my Mac. I will never buy any Panasonic product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the product on line.  They said they could not get the product shipped out from the warehouse.  I'm so disappointed.  We live in the south.  The product is not shipped out of the warehouse unless the order is made in advance.  Please contact your local manufacturer for further instructions.  If you have an order and they won't ship it out from their warehouse, just cancel your order.  This is the second time they have done this.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cables were NOT rated for a wireless device, so I am not sure how they will hold up to the real thing, but I have only used them for the short distance of about 1/2 a mile, and they are not reliable.  I've had problems in the past when I tried to send them a new pair, and now I will be sending them back.  Don't waste your money on these unless you're planning on using them for longer than 1/4 mile. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product and I am very disappointed with it. I would not recommend this product for any one, it is just too much. I had it for about a month and it is now falling apart. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's printer and she loves it.  The print quality is a bit low, but not terrible.  However, the printing speed is slow.  It takes a little more than 20 minutes to print a full page and a half to print an 11-page document.  In comparison, it prints at a similar speed with an HP LaserJet 4000 in our office.  I hope HP or another printer manufacturer can improve this thing.  Don't waste your money!  It's a waste of your time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this as an option to replace my old CD player.  It is a very weak product and I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item and it was not what I was expecting.  First of all the sound quality is not great and it is hard to get a signal to work on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only positive review I can give is that the card was included.  But when I plugged it in and started up the software for the DVD player, it refused to start.  I had to restart the DVD playback in order to see the error code and get it to start up.  The player was very sluggish.  Overall, it was a waste of money.  For the price I paid, I'd expect a better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried several different brands and sizes, but this one has always caused my TV to turn off, even when I turn it on manually, and I have had to unplug it.  The picture is fine for an HD television, but the sound is very poor.  I've had to replace it three times.  It has always stopped functioning properly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for a cheap price.  My TV does not work with it.  If you use your cable to connect it, the TV will have to be turned off.  I am sure it is a problem with the antenna but it is very annoying.  This product is worthless.  Buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPod nano is the worst iPod I've ever owned. I've had my iPod with this case for two months, and the case itself is now starting to crack. The case is so fragile, I just don't use it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not as good as the new version, but it does work, at least.  My problem was that it wouldn't hold my DVD in my case.  It would have to be opened and removed.  If you don't like the DVD case, don't buy this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These don't have any decent range and reception, especially when compared to the better models I've seen in the past. They do work, but it will take a lot longer to receive and listen to your signal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this printer for my husband to print his wedding invitations. It took him only two or three days to print one.  He never complained about the printer.  I returned it after it broke.  My advice is to avoid this printer. You will be much better off buying a cheaper printer that is better designed and more reliable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for an easy to use product, that would not break when I crashed.  It turns out the only thing it is is a paper clip, so I had to purchase another brand of clip, because it broke.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm returning this product because of a problem. The printer does not work with the new printer cartridges and does not print properly.  The software to control the printer has to be updated, which is a hassle and takes a while.  It's not a major problem, just a minor annoyance. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they are a cheap brand that you can get at most electronic device stores.  Unfortunately, they did not work.  It did not come with the instructions that you needed to use them.  I got them from Amazon and the instructions were not clear enough.  They will not fit the Sony NP3100 and the only way to get them to work is to buy a Sony NP1100, which has all the same specs and has a better label.  The NP1 100 is very easy to use and does the job, but I will not be buying Sony again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it was a great product, but it is not. I have to use the included paper and bubble to protect the CD.  It is not a good product, if you want to protect your CD and don't want to spend $20.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the DVD recorder, and it worked for about 1 year.  Now it is on the shelf.  It's sooooo slow.  If you want to record a DVD, buy an external recorder, this is a waste of money.  I would never buy another brand of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted an iPod to be able to hold my mp3 player and the new mp3 in addition to my other mp3s 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not work with all of the iPods, but the most notable ones are the Sony, Samsung and HP.  The Panasonic, LG and Olympus are not compatible.  It also won't work with the iPod mini, although it does work with it, but is not very easy to connect.  There are adapters that can be purchased that will allow you to connect it to the iPod, but I am not sure how well they work.  I will not buy this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this for my home theater system.  After installation it did not work.  The only problem is that it is an "airflow" device, which means that it does not draw air through the speakers.  My sound quality is now very poor.  If you want to have an air-conditioned sound system, this product is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the PIA 25 and did not get it for one reason, the battery did not hold a charge.  I used my old battery that was made in 2000 and it still holds a charge 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery was not what I expected.  I am not sure why it took me so long to get a replacement battery.  The charger works with both AA and AAA batteries, but not AA.  It would charge both batteries to the same level.  Don't waste your money.  Get a cheaper charger instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the product for my husband and it is just as advertised.  We have had it for about 2 months now and he is having problems with it.  I have had a few other brands of CD's that worked fine but this one just doesn't hold together.  He has used it for a lot of movies and it does have its uses.  But it is not worth it to have to go through the trouble of replacing it.I do recommend a good electronic device but if you do not have it then don't waste your money on it.The product itself is fine.  However it is hard to get the product to work properly if it doesn't have the case, it has to be screwed into the case.  It will break if you don't use the case to secure it.One other negative review: I am very disappointed in this product.  The case is ok for DVDs but I will never purchase the product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these because they had great reviews. Well, it doesn't work. I tried using the wireless keyboard and mouse on the network and they both fail.  The keyboard has to be plugged into the computer. The mouse can only be used by the mouse itself and not plugged into anything else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is great but the connection is horrible. The sound isn't even close to the original connection of the iPod. You'll have to use the "Sonic" feature on your iPod to make sure it stays connected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this to play my mp3 player and it was just OK. i did not like the fact that it did not work with my iPod, and when i went back to get it repaired i was charged $150, and it only took me 4 days to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had several cases from Amazon and they've all had a slight crack in the bottom which causes the case to not close properly.  I got this case and immediately sent it back and Amazon wouldn't give me a refund.  Amazon should be ashamed of their bad electronic devices.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a Canon MP3 player for 6 months and am very disappointed.  The volume control is unreliable and it doesn't have a battery that's worth keeping.  I have a digital camera that uses the volume control.  It is a major pain to switch between the two in the menu.  In addition, the player is a huge piece of junk.  Don't buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just installed this product and the sound is very low. The speakers are very small, and I do not have an amp to power them. The sound is so low that I do no longer listen to the radio.  I will not recommend this product for anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because the product description stated that it could work with any iPod with an adapter.  However, the instructions for the adapter included a warning that the unit would not work with the iPod 5G.  So I returned it and purchased the 5G adapter.After a few weeks of trying to connect my iPod with the product, I realized that the product did not include instructions for making the connection, which is a common problem with iPods that come with adapters.  I then had to write a negative reviews about other iPods.  Don't buy an iPod with this product, it won't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has 2 usb ports, and it only has a mini-usb jack.  I can't plug it in to my computer, because the power is on my computer.  My phone is the only one that is plugged in, and the power light on it will not turn on unless the computer is plugged into it.  There is no way for me to turn the computer off.  The only other reason I gave it 5 stars is because I do not have to replace the power cord 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not have a stand, and the instructions for how to assemble the stand are not clear.  The stand is made of some scrap, not metal, so if you put it together wrong, it will come apart 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this product and it was not the product that I expected.  The picture is very bad, and when i turn the sound up and play some music the sound is also very distorted.  I don't recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player doesn't work well with the CD's I have. The player works great with the CDs I have already bought.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for several months now and the sound quality is terrible.  The microphone picks up everything that is in front of it and it is impossible to adjust the volume.  If you have any kind of serious ear problems and need help, please look at the Micron Mic.  It is a much better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this for her laptop and it didn't work.  We thought it was just a software glitch and it worked after a few days.  However, the next time I tried it it refused to run at all and it would not boot up and would only display a blank screen with an error message.  After calling support, they said it was a problem with the DVD drive and would be repaired by them.  So, we bought another DVD player that worked.  This product is an expensive piece of junk.  I won't buy another product from Amazon because I wouldn't risk getting a broken item that won't even work anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the $50.00 for this product.  I have used several other brands of cd player with better sound and much less hassle.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is not as clear as the other ones I've used, and it is not a compact antenna as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this item. It is not worth the hassle to return the item. I just received the item and tried it out and it does not work.  I will never buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product thinking it would work as an external hard drive, but it was not.  I returned it.  This product is not compatible with the Sony PNY XPX series and the XPX model is no longer manufactured.  Sony no longer makes this product, so I suggest anyone purchasing it for this reason should consider the PNY QA1 product, which is compatible with XPX. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the product in bad condition.  There is a big sticker on the bottom with a serial number that is not readable.  I have contacted the manufacturer about this and will be returning the item 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was great until it started to break in half.  It is worth getting a replacement if you get one in the mail because I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this printer for only a couple of weeks now and have already broken it twice.  The first time it was with a Canon ink cartridge, and the second time it didn't even have the ink.  I'm sure there's a fix, but it's been very frustrating to have to go through the hassle of returning it to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this antenna, thinking that I needed to have it in place to receive the local FM radio stations.  It is NOT true.  In order to receive radio stations, I must have the antenna on the base.  I was VERY disappointed in the design.  Don't waste your money, get something better.  The antenna was NOT sturdy enough to hold the antenna in place and was very susceptible to breaking. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for less than a year and have had no problems whatsoever.  I would never purchase this product again, since it was so unreliable.  There are cheaper products available, and I do not regret having purchased this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not compatible with my iPod 5G.  The connection was fine when it was connected with my 5G but when connected with it's smaller iPod it was unplayable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a pretty small TV, but the sound is awful.  I had to buy the small JVC plink that sounds much better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my item very late.  The software does not work for me, and it is not as stable as I have hoped.  If I have to return the item, I will be returning it because I cannot find a reliable repair center for the product.  I'm sure that I will receive a refund, but if it is a major problem, I won't be able to use the software on this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this because my other ones weren't working and it was cheap.  I bought this and it doesn't work.  It just doesn't connect.  What a complete waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD to replace a bad, burned CD, and it worked OK.  However, it doesn't have a built-in disc burner, so I had to buy a player.  I also bought a player which had a built in CD burner, and that one worked OK, but I couldn't burn DVDs (or anything else).  I wish I hadn't bought this player. It cost way too much and I have a ton of CDs and DVDs, so it's a big disappointment.  But, the CD player was a nice thing, because it allowed me to listen to my CDs on the plane 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is OK, but the remote is a joke. It is very hard to use. I have had it for a year and it still refuses to use the "seek" function.  I have been trying to get it to work for the last couple of months, and it has never worked.  Don't waste your money on this product.  It is junk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received my first pair of earbuds, and I can't believe they're so cheaply made.  I'd have to go buy some of them from Amazon to be able to even try them out.  You won't be disappointed, however.  The material is not durable enough to hold up over the ear, so I'd suggest going with something that's more rigid.  However, I have to admit that they're a little uncomfortable for some people, and will probably get better with time.  Don't be suckered by the cheapness of these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great electronic device for those with a large media collection.  However, the connection is very weak, sometimes it hangs for 10 minutes, sometimes 20 minutes.  Don't expect great performance with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my daughter to use for her TV. She got used to it, but she didn't like the fact that it is a power cord that comes with the TV.  I decided to try the Sony Mini Dock for my PC, which works just as well.  We'll see what happens if she decides to use this to connect to the TV in her bedroom or her car, but I wouldn't suggest it for this purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason this product is rated so low is because of the antenna. I have purchased and returned many of these antennas. In addition, the product does not fit my car's radio very well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very expensive product, but it doesn't hold the picture. The only time I really saw any improvement was when I had to have my picture transferred from the TV to my computer, and I couldn't even open it to the computer to get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i've had this for 3 months now and i can't find a way to remove it from the docking station.  i have tried to hook it up via the computer but it won't turn on 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My original Sony CD player stopped working on my newer, bigger Panasonic plasma (with more than 10,000 video & sound songs). Sony had no response. I contacted Sony and got a replacement Sony player.  Don't buy this brand name brand from Amazon, you'll be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable hoping it would be a great replacement for the cheap and noisy Sennheiser S-U1s, but it isn't. I was hoping for better performance, but I am still paying the $8 a month for it because it doesn't deliver. It's just too much work to get rid of the noise of this cable, plus the fact that it is so short. If you have to have an earphone, get a Sennhofer S-500S or Sennhub. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thinking it would be a little better than the Sony product, but it is not.  It is not even a 1/8" or less.  I have to unplug it every 10 minutes or so and the volume is barely audible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased three of these for my wife's computers and all have failed.  One has been a problem since it was installed and the other two have not been a factor yet.  I will never buy another of these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't have the room to re-order this product, so I have returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned these headphones since I was a child, and have had many other brands that are more comfortable.  These do not fit my head at all.  The bass is pretty loud, but not at all pleasing.  I am a big fan of Sony, but the sound quality is subpar.  Sony's customer service is great, but I wouldn't recommend them as an option for a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to record my personal videos.  However, it does not work properly with the Panasonic DVX400.  The DVD player can't record in 4k (that is the highest resolution).  I had to delete all the footage and get a new one to use with the DVX500.  I will never buy another Panasonic product again.  Very disappointing.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I was concerned about the low quality sound of the cd player I was using and wanted a CD player with better sound quality.  The product shipped and I received the player as promised  but not in its new packaging 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this player because I needed to use it to stream my HD movies to my laptop and not have to plug into my TV.  It does work, but it is slow and is almost impossible to use with a big screen.  I am a big fan of Sony, so I thought I would try this out.  What a disappointment.  Amazon customer service said it would be a 5-star item, but I will never buy another Sony product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am returning this item.  I bought it and it does not work.  It's a pain to use it because it's so tiny, but I will never buy another brand again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this product for 2 months now and the picture quality is horrible.  I have an HP laptop which has a much better picture.  If you are looking for a digital device with a decent picture, I suggest you get a cheapie camera or something better.  The product does have a few features such as a color balance, but you will be paying for the software to use this feature.  Amazon is selling this product at a lower price, so maybe they're saving a few bucks, but I would never use a cheap camera if I want to use a picture that looks decent 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has a very low amount of room for the cables. I had to use the included clip to hold the power cord to the case.  I think I could have used the included included power cord clip to connect to the power supply. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the mp3 player has a plastic housing with a small radio antenna.  the player has no input power, so the only thing you have to do is connect your iPod to it.  if you use the remote you can get the iPod out, but it is not a practical thing to do 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can get the same thing for a little more money but it doesn't work right.  The volume works OK, but the ringtone is not recognized.  I wish they would have gone to an easier electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these because they were on sale and I figured I'd try it and see if they worked.  The problem is that they don't work.  You have to turn the CD player off and on again and it will not recognize the cd.  If you want to get rid of them, try something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this phone for 4 months with no problems.  It broke on me.  I had to return it and purchase a new phone, which has worked fine for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for a year and it does work.  But it is very slow and you have to use it all the time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  You get what you pay for and you don't get the "out of the box" installation 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this, it is a waste of your money.  I have not had it for two months now and the speakers sound like I'm using them for the first time.  Don'l buy this one unless you want to be totally disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product.  Donot get this.  The sound quality is not that great, it is a bit noisy and its bulky.  I bought this item because it was only a few bucks cheaper than an iPod but I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cd player was ok but the sound quality was not.  I was not able to get any good music out of it.  i would return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones have a very poor fit.  I would recommend something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card has great picture quality but it is just not enough for the gigabyte capacity you'll need. I've used it for about a month and now my drives are slow. I bought it because it was advertised as being better than the others at the time and I was wrong. It's now time to sell. I would never recommend this card to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this item unless you plan on using it for a very long time.  You will be lucky to get a decent battery for a $20.00 product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never buy these from Amazon.  I tried them for a week and they did not work.  The battery did not last for the day and I was so disappointed.  Amazon could not help me fix it.  If you do not have a battery, get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a replacement charger to see if it would work. The new charger would not charge the iPaq. It would only charge my iPod (1GB) for 30 minutes. I returned the charger.  I am glad I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked fine for a while but it would crash every time I tried to print something big or small.  I gave up on it and bought a different brand of card.  My next printer will be the only one I buy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case does not protect the screen from scratches. The buttons have a tendency to slide on the surface of the case. The screen is a little small for an LCD.  If you have small hands you will probably have a problem with this case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card worked fine with my Pentium 4, but when I tried to load the program it would hang and quit without any reason. I returned it and bought a brand new memory card.  It works fine with both Pentium 2, Pentium 3 and Pentium 5, so there's really no excuse for it to not work on Pentium 6.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works but is not very convenient.  The DVD player has to be connected to the computer to use the player.  It will not accept a DVD unless it is connected to a computer.  I would not recommend this product to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is not as effective as the other ones I've tried and the ones I'm about to try are $20 cheaper.  I don't know if I'm getting a bad antenna because I've never used this one, or because this one is actually more expensive than the others.  In addition, the antenna is too long for my room, which is why I am now looking for a shorter antenna.  There is no reason to waste $30 if you can get something better, even if you have to pay for shipping.  It's too much of a hassle to replace this antenna.I'm returning this antenna because it doesn't perform well and the price is way too high for what you get.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i've had mine for over a month and i have yet to have it work.  i purchased this because i wanted to have an external drive to store my photos.  now i can't even use it to store photos 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had my HP and had to return it because it was defective.  I received a refund, and it cost me $75.  Do not buy this product unless you want to waste your money on a bad piece of electronic device.  Don't be fooled by the glossy color and the fact that it's a little bit thinner than the HP.  It's a total ripoff!  It would be best to get a HP from a friend who uses the HP and you don't have to worry about shipping.  But since it is the same price and the HP is made by HP, I will never buy from HP again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poorly made CD player, very poor quality sound and poor battery life.  Buy a different brand and save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned several different brand iPods, and the last one I used for the first time broke and I couldn't get it repaired. I contacted Amazon and they immediately sent me a replacement. I returned the iPod and Amazon did not respond to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did work in the first place and worked for about 5 months.  Then it just stopped working.  We had it for 6 months. i just sent it back to the store for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would have no interest in this product if it did not have the built in battery.  It does not.  I bought this because I expected it to have such a battery, and it did NOT.  My printer will only power up after you use the battery.This product does not even have the power-on indicator.  This is a waste of money and the manufacturer is not helping 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used a variety of different brands and sizes of these CD's. They all work. The problem is, they all use the same manufacturer name, Toshiba. The ones I received from Amazon (with the best service) also used Toshiba, but with different model numbers. Amazon does not seem to have the same model number on all their Toshiba CD's, making them all unusable. I returned mine because I cannot use the CD's with a Toshiba drive (or at least the ones I receive). I will never use Toshiba again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine for the money.  But it doesn't do much when it's really cold.  The only way it works is to keep the battery powered all the time.  Don't buy this product if you want to use it without batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my husband's laptop, he uses it everyday.  The sound quality is ok, but not up to the performance of my brand new HP Pavilion G5 which I bought from HP in February.  We just haven't had any luck with this product, HP will not accept it for warranty repair 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the radio has a strong FM radio reception, but the reception is really weak for FM and AM.  I think it's because of the small receiver and the small antenna which is in front.  If you are looking for a FM radio with reception strength in both AM and FM, then this radio is not for you.  This radio would be great if it had a bigger antenna to get better reception, especially for FM. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased several of these. The problem is they do not work on my Macbook Pro. I have to turn it on and off to get them to work. I will never buy them again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card to use my older, but still functioning, Panasonic camcorder.  When I tried to use the card with my newer Canon camcorders, I got a "scanning error" on my screen.  I contacted Canon customer service, and they sent me a replacement card.  If you don't have any of the newer camcordered cards, I'd suggest trying a different camera, because the card worked perfectly with my Canon cam.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was advertised as a compact DVD recorder.  The only problem is that it only has 1/4 inch tape in it.  It's not much, but if I had a larger size I could have used it for a stereo system 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had two of these drives for a year and a half now, and the only one I use is the newest model, which I am not happy with. The first drive broke in less than a year, the second just this past month.I had to return both drives and buy another brand of drive. If I had to do it again I'd return this one. I really should have gotten another brand. The manufacturer, SanDisk, is doing a lousy job marketing the product.  Don't waste your money and don't buy this drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm returning this product because of the poor construction of the cases.  The lid, where the screen is, is very thin and fragile.  Don't use it if you want to keep it in the car.  If you have small items, like a small electronic device, it would be a better case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok but not reliable.  The only thing I have to say is that it's not very clear what the connector to plug into the printer is.  I plugged into my HP Printer and it didn't work.  If it's a little too warm to your hands, try plugging the printer into the wall instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is not very good. the sound is not as loud as the sound on the sony m2, i recommend to buy the Sony m3, the sONY m2 is just OK, i had to turn the volume all the way down, which made the sound very distorted. i am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this case thinking it would be better than the ones I already had, but it was not.  I had to return the cases 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this unit thinking it would be an improvement over my other, but it isnt.  My previous wireless printer is a Canon PIXMA C300.  This unit is not compatible with the C300, which is what I have used the majority of my photos, and the C400 is the only unit I have not had to replace yet.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these to keep the memory in a compact, yet reliable state.  These memory chips fail after only 6 months.  The memory itself can't be removed and replaced with a new one.  I am now returning them.  Hopefully they will work on a new electronic device.  Don't waste your money on these memory chips 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the same problems with this printer for the last 2 years.  They print out the wrong colors on my photos.  I am now replacing it with a Canon 5D. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for a friend's phone, as it needed to be more battery life.  We got them, and found that the battery life was actually less than the 2-year warranty implied.  I contacted HP and the tech support people, who told me that this would be the case with any replacement product that HP sells 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a big fan of the Panasonic DVD player but this one is just not working.  I've seen other reviewers have had the same problem.  It is a great player, however, if you have a small amount of space, this will be a major headache to move around.  For the price I paid for it, I wouldn't pay for the battery that is used to charge it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried this product several times and always get a loud and crackling sound. I don't think this is a defect, it's just the design. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit would not accept my ipod, and the instructions for this unit to work were very vague.  It would do some basic things, like turn the radio on and off.  I would like a refund as it was very difficult to use the unit with my ipods.  Very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had mine for 2 months now.  I just received it and now it is useless.   The DVD player works fine with the cable.  What is the problem?  I have tried every software available on the market and it just can't get any faster.  It is a complete waste of money.  Don't buy it unless you plan on playing DVDs regularly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with the ASUS nVidia MCP31X. I had it up and running for a few minutes before it quit.  I bought this item thinking it would help me keep my new TV cool. I wish ASUS would bring the MCP32A motherboard chipset (which is included with the M35X) along with the LCD and MCP30A/MCP30D TV so that we can use it to its full potential. If ASUS just wanted to make money, why did they not sell a motherboard that included MCP36A (the same chipset as MCP20A).I am not a tech person, and it may not be an ASUS issue, but I suspect it is. I would not purchase this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the mp3 player does not have an input on it and has a very small battery. its ok if you want to listen to your mp3 on your ipod, but if you are looking to listen on your mp4, this mp3 will not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not come with a cable, it is not as sleek as the Dell Inspiron 605i.  I would have been better off just buying an external antenna for this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work and the shipping cost was high.  I returned the item and will not purchase from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had bought this because of the recommendation in the other reviews.  After installing the software to access the card and the drivers I found that it did not work with the Windows XP operating system, which is an older operating system.  I have to keep using the older version of Windows to access my card, and it is very frustrating.  It has also become extremely difficult to remove the cards when cleaning the card, as the instructions for doing so are very difficult to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player itself is ok but I'm looking for something better for my car radio.  The antenna is ok so I just want it to get better reception.  It just seems to not get the best reception.I've tried a lot of other products and this is the worst.  I'm still trying to get my hands on the Sony KDL-500, it seems to be better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the cd player itself is a decent piece but it is just way to slow for my  movies 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very small. i do not think it is worth the price and I am sure most people that have this device are not going to like it.  I bought the Canon Epson 2430 printer and the included software for it is very limited. I am not able to print from it and have to print through the Adobe Acrobat software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is OK, but the cord is WAY TOO LONG, so it gets in the way when I'm driving.  Don't waste your money, buy a decent cord or use the included iPod dock 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had two of these units.  One has worked for about a year and then failed and has been replaced by a different unit.  The first one I had did not work.  This new unit is worse.  I cannot use it to record music anymore.  If I want to record my favorite songs, I have to use my computer with the software that does not support this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had two of these cards, both at a good price.  One failed and the other one still works, but now I am using a generic card that I bought at Best Buy, and it is just as reliable.  I was not able to get it to boot up because of the card.  The card I had in the other hand is the same brand that I used for my Dell S2710 and it works just as reliably.  Do NOT buy this product, unless you want to be vulnerable to hardware failure when it does not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I was having problems with my old cable that came with my PC.  I don't like to return a bad item because I want a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the previous one I had did not work. I needed to return it and buy this one.  I am now having problems with the iPod with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is OK. But when you use it for the first time you will be disappointed.It does not come with any instructions how to use it, just a big manual.It can't connect to your network or the internet without an extra charge, and it is not supported by Microsoft. It can't support the wireless technology called WPS (Wired Personal Area Network) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable because I wanted to hook my TV up to a DVD player.  It was never fully functional, and now I am going to return it because it won't hold my DVD player anymore.  I would not buy this cable if it were not for the fact that it was cheap and works with the TV.  Not sure what else to say other than I'd avoid it if you are looking to hook your TV up with the cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was not working properly with my Mac.  I returned it and bought a different model that worked.  In the long run, I would not recommend this product.  The manufacturer should have known better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones have the ability to block all of the internal noise, but I couldnt get it to work for all of my classes and assignments 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a new electronic device user and have to say that this card does not perform well.  The only positive review I can give is that it was very quick to install and the software is fairly intuitive.  My experience with this card so far has been poor and I am returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried other solutions and none of them have worked.  It seems to work with my HP printer but it doesn't work with HP's Color Touch paper.  The printer wouldn't load at all in Adobe Lightroom and I had to restart the printer and then I could print.  If you have a HP Color Touch with this printer, it might work for you.  I recommend you look elsewhere for a printer with a better quality and better price.  This printer was bought for $150 at a local store and I would have to pay $100 to get it at Costco 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping for better reception and sound quality than what I got.  But this is just a very cheap antenna, not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this product unless the other reviews are correct 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this thing. The only thing it can do is save photos to your SD card, which is not much of a thing.  It is not worth the money at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card at the local Walmart.  My husband had a HP laptop and it got a bit warm so he called HP and they offered to replace it with a new one.  HP's product manager suggested I buy a generic card instead of the HP card.  I went to the same store the same day and they said they couldn't sell me the HP product.  The HP product manager who recommended the generic card told me not to buy it at Walmart.So, I got the generic product.I was happy with it.  But it is a bit of a pain to get it out of the laptop.  And the software on the HP brand cards is not as good as the software for the generic cards. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is OK.  However, the sound quality is very poor.  It is barely audible at times, especially when I'm driving.  I can't use the headphones while driving because it makes my ears hurt.  The speakers are OK.The remote control is not intuitive and is extremely difficult to use.  You have to press a button to change channels.   I would never buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product. I had to replace the battery because it did not hold enough juice. The remote has to be turned on and on all the time. If you are a professional who uses the remote all the day and night and not really use the remote at all, this is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards are a bit pricey, but I did receive them in time for the holidays.  However, since I received them in such a rush, I am unsure if they will work with my new laptop (which is not yet installed).  However I'm not sure if there is a way to uninstall them, which is a very bothersome issue.  If you have an older model Mac, try this out before ordering these cards again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was working fine for awhile, but then it stopped.  The next thing I tried to make sure the connection was clear.  I plugged in my TV, connected the receiver to the TV, and then the TV to the receiver.  Nothing.  Then I tried the same thing with the iPod and the same problem.  It stopped working.  No other problems.  Very disappointing.  Don't buy this unless you're okay with the risk of losing the connection.  If you need to use it at a friend's house, make sure you buy a decent iPod/iPhone adapter that'll keep the connections stable.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does work.  The problem is that it is a pain in the ass to configure the software to use the built in sound.  I tried using the "Sound Settings" in the GUI but it does not work for me.  You have to know what type of speaker system you have to have the software setup to use.  If you have a stereo it is easy enough to set the volume for the left and right speakers.  But if you have two speakers it is much more complicated 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was sent with the wrong size of USB cables. I contacted ASUS and they sent me the right size cables. Now, I am unable to use the mouse at all! The product is now unusable and I will never buy from ASUS again. They also sent me an incorrect shipping label. I had them send me the product first to see what was the problem, and they agreed to send me an exchange. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to have an ipod with a dock because this product is not compatible with the ipod that comes with a stand.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i use this product for a camcorder and it is NOT a good product.  the sound quality is not very clear.  this product is not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does have an internal power supply so I can't really complain.  It is not a battery.  But the problem is that when you turn it off, it will go into standby mode.  In standby mode, it turns on your system's CPU and uses the computer's power to keep it running.  If your computer's CPU is underutilized (i.e. you use it all the time), it will drain your system and waste energy, which is very bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product because I had a problem with my old receiver.  I tried all of the repair options and the repair guy recommended a different product.  In the end I bought a "new" model.  It was junk.  So now I am out of both.  The product itself is junk, but I still don't know what to do with the receiver that I just returned.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received this product and it is not working. I am not sure what to do about it.  I will try and get it fixed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is a little better than the other 2 i have bought.  However it is still not as great as the iBose X60.  The buttons feel flimsy, and it is a pain to turn the volume up and down.  It also takes quite a while to get it to turn on and off.  Finally, it does not charge my iPod, which is a shame since I usually use it on a daily basis.  Overall, it is not worth buying because of the flimsy buttons and the lack of sound quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK but the cord isn't long enough.  I've tried a shorter one but it was a little louder.  You can't plug it in at all without having it sit for a few minutes and then plug it back in 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD burner has a short life span.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this thinking it would be better than the other ones I had. I have since found out it is not.  It is very slow and very noisy. I would not buy it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is ok, but it lacks a little something.  It has a very high impedance, so it doesn't fit all ear buds very well, and it is not very comfortable.  I had to put it in a case (which I thought was the best idea).  I am glad I didn't have to do that because it would have costed me more to return.  The only reason I didn't return it was because it was on sale at Wal-Mart for $19.99!  If you want to listen to music on your phone, buy a corded phone, not this phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is not very clear. It is not that great to listen to. The speakers sound quite cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The software to use this card is a total pain in the ass. It is a "hidden" application that requires you to log in every time you want to use the card. This is one of the worst pieces of software I have ever used. I can't even use the "uninstall" function on the program, because it is a constant pain to do so. I also find the card to be rather noisy, so I don't use it in the bedroom. It also has an internal clock that is a bit slow. This card has the potential to be a great product if you don't mind the hassle of using it. I won't be buying this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My copy machine stopped and started every time I was away from it.  I think I have a faulty drive.  It was only $30 but is definitely a waste of money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones are comfortable but I am still very disappointed.  The sound quality is good but I was hoping they would provide a better fit.  You need to be careful to not squeeze the cups.  They will break easily 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had to buy a replacement product that has better sound. The problem is the power supply. The unit would not accept a standard power supply with a 5 volt output.  I used a 12 volt model and it worked fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The player is OK, but I wouldn't buy it unless I could find a replacement. The speakers sound OK, they're not awful, but they're lacking in some areas and it's really hard to get them to work.  I have to listen to the player all the time to see if it will actually play my CDs. I also have to turn the volume all the way up to make the music play. I would NOT buy this player if you have a bad CD player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm an owner of this product.  The problem with this product is that it doesn't support an SD card with a capacity of 1 GB.  I bought a 1 GB SD card from Amazon, and I can see that Amazon's product specifications have changed in the last few months.  Now, Amazon has this product with a 1GB capacity.  In the last year or so, Amazon also changed the way the product operates - the product no longer supports a "write to a disc" operation with the SD card - so I had to uninstall the product before I could start using it.  Amazon's website also claims that a "capacity" of 1GB is required for writing the entire contents of an SD Card.  While this product has a "written to a CD" operation, this feature is not supported by this product - only the "write a positive review about an electronic device" operation.  As a result, this product can't be installed and used with a full 1 GB capacity SD card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a bit slow, but not very accurate. I have tried to get the software to speed up. This is the only thing I do not like about this product.  I was hoping that the price would be better because it is such a hassle to use.  You get what you pay for.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this player for its sound quality, but the sound quality is quite poor. It is a big chunk of plastic, and the sound is not as clear as the other players I have. The volume is pretty low, so I don't have to turn the volume up to listen to the music 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had the product for a few weeks now and it has yet to show any noticeable improvement over the old stock battery.  The battery life is certainly not as good as my other Canon Epson printers, which use batteries that last for years.  I would not buy this printer if I could return it because the battery life isn't good enough for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product a few months back, and have been very disappointed in its performance. I have experienced numerous reboots (the software is really not as robust as the HP software that HP offers). I have used this product for the past 6 months and it still is not performing at the level that I expected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this.  Donot work.  Get another brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on these. They don't hold up. They get very hot. They are not worth the money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD-R player was not working in my CD player until I bought the replacement player.  My first one did not have an FM radio.  The replacement player was also having trouble with the FM radio but I don't have an AM radio.I don't recommend this CD player because it is not worth the money to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This radio does not work with all of my models. I was very disappointed.  I am hoping that they will update their software to support the newer model PXA9X radios that have dual antenna systems. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are junk.  You can see in the photo they have no labels and they dont come with a plug in, but they also dont have the label for the batteries.  It is in your hands to charge and the batteries dont hold a charge.  The batteries don't come with any instruction on how to charge them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is an overpriced product. the product doesn't work and is not repairable. i wasted $100. i will never buy another product from the manufacturer. i am a professional photographer and I would like to have this product repaired. I am asking Amazon to please do the right thing and refund me my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was disappointed to see the new Epson Epson Workforce II printer that came with the ink.  I wanted the same product with the same ink that was included in the HP LaserJet 7 and HP Studio 7 printers that HP supplied for free to me.  But this HP printer is junk.  You can't see the print with the screen - you have to look at the screen to see what the print is actually doing.  It's a joke.  Don't buy this product - don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work in the USA.  I was given it as a free electronic device by an Amazon employee and Amazon told me to return it.  Amazon was not at fault for shipping it to me.  If you have Amazon Prime and don't want to deal with Amazon, I suggest getting a different product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would never recommend the product unless they offer it for free, but the ones I have don't seem to work. I am sure there are other brands that work as well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a complete waste of money.  I will never buy another brand of CD player that has a CD changer.  It is just plain junk.  There is no volume control, it does not play MP3's, and it is totally unreliable.  This would not work if the CD player was not so cheap.  You will end up wasting a lot of money on this if you buy another player with a CD player changer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this memory is a big disappointment.  I was hoping it would work, but it just doesn't.  it's so much slower than the others.  there is no way to change it's settings, no way for it to be recognized as a backup or as a normal card, etc.  if you use your system for a while and you want to go back to it, you'll have to buy a different card.  also the memory is NOT expandable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was advertised as an external drive.  Unfortunately, it is not.  The only way to use it is to connect it to your PC via the included power cable.  This is a big mistake because the included cable is quite fragile, and the power cable must be kept in good condition.  I have bought a few of these and have lost one, and I am afraid that is going to happen again.  It is a waste of your money.  If you have a portable system, do not buy this.  You will waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this product.  It isnt worth it for what it is, and is much more expensive than a more reasonable product.The only reason I gave it is because of the color options and the fact that it can record all formats.  I just bought my Canon VHS to Sony C1 Converter (WAV/AIFF/FLAC/MP3) which does everything that this is capable of.  For example, it can make a WAV file out of the Sony C2 video, and it can also do the same with the Sony CMV video format 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a poor quality product that will not work with the DVD player I have.  I am very disappointed with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is fine but the picture is not.  The colors look great but the clarity is so low.  I have tried all the fixes and they don't seem to help.  You will be disappointed if you buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the one that was missing an IPOD.  The case is great but it is not very sturdy.  If you drop it, it can be broken very easily.  I also found that it was not very water resistant.  It doesn't do the IPOD justice when it is under water.  Hopefully the company will take this back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it as an external CD player but do not like that it only works with one brand of CD player. So I decided to purchase the iPod brand and not be bothered with the extra hassle of finding the right brand for my particular iPod.  However, the iPods do not work with my CD player that has a built in CD player, but they work with the iPod I purchased for my other computer.  The iPod brand CD player is useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is a total fail.  The sound is terrible, and I can't get it to play MP3's.  I had to return it, and the return label says it has been defective.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is poorly designed.  The front is made of plastic that can crack if you try to remove it.  I have had to buy replacement parts from Amazon because of this.  Don't buy this unless you want to be sure you won't have to replace it!  I got it for my wife to use to watch movies on her laptop.  It worked fine, but it is a pain in the butt to take it off.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product in hopes that it would hold my ipod securely in place. I was very disappointed when I used it.  The product does not hold the ipod secure.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a new one, did not work right. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought them because of the reviews.  However, not having a scanner card, I had to return them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory card is not as advertised.  The price was great but when I received it it was too small.  I am now returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had two units in a year.  The first unit failed within 5 months, and I have since purchased the replacement unit.  It's a different model, and not the same as the one that failed.  I'm hoping this one lasts longer, since the previous one failed within 1 year.It doesn't record at all, so I can't use it as a reference, and it doesn't support playback of DVDs.  If I need to play a DVD on it, I'll buy a different product, which has DVD recording capabilities.  You might get better performance out of a faster processor, but at the cost of a small price increase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It isnt very bright, and when you want to see something in the center of your screen, its hard to see.  I use it to watch movies.  You might want to try a different brand 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried the "easy" way of buying this product and it has a tendency to fail.  I've tried the repair procedure (which included contacting Amazon) and it just wasn't worth the hassle.  The unit worked for about three months, then it started randomly shutting off.  Amazon sent me a new one (without the "Easy" repair procedure) and the unit still doesn't work.  There is no indication of a problem with the unit, which means it's probably an "out of warranty" issue, not an "in warranty" problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this for my daughter, who is 5 years old and likes to watch movies.  She doesn't like it, and it didn't fit her DVD player.  It also doesn't fit my older car.  I returned it to Amazon and they said it would be fixed for free.  The only way it would fit is if I just ordered a different item that would fit.  Amazon doesn't ship electronic products well, and I have been very disappointed in their customer service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my Canon Rebel XF, which now works with my Panasonic GF4. I've had several problems with this, ranging from "stuck" in a dark room to "losing" all my pictures due to the fact that the "lock" feature on the camera was not functioning. I have had to replace the batteries, which I do not have to do every time I take a picture. It is a huge pain in the rear to have to constantly turn the "locks" on and off, and I have no idea whether or not they're working.  If you plan to use this product, make sure that you have a "lock"-style locking device, as this one does not have one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i am sorry to say i was unable to get this item to work.i was able to get it to work fine with a luke-robb, so i am not sure what happened.i am looking at other alternatives to get my ipod to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered a new mouse because the one I got was broken.  The one I received did not fit.  I'm very disappointed.  If I could return it I would but I don't know if I can or not because of the shipping costs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has 2.4k of internal memory but lacks any software to manage that memory. The CD player itself is OK but the software is very basic. You have to know a lot of technical details to figure out how to use it, and if you don't have any technical experience you'll have a bad time.  I wish I'd just bought a good player instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item arrived and I was expecting an item like the picture.  I used the software to check and see if the connection was ok and it isnt.  Not worth the money and if you buy one don't get this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card worked for a while, but when I upgraded to a dual core CPU, the card crashed. It was not a matter of the card failing, it was the CPU being too slow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case does not protect the iPod when it is placed on a flat surface, it would protect the case but not the iPod itself.  There is no clear instructions on how to protect the device.  Don't waste your money on this case, if you plan on placing it on a surface to support your iPod keep your case, don't waste money on the plastic one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these at Wal-Mart and they did not work. I returned them to Wal-mart and they now say they are free. I'm not sure what happened there. I am now stuck with the original ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card in hopes of saving space in my laptop. I bought the 16MB version and when I tried to copy an ISO file, it would crash the computer. This is a great memory card but it would have been much better to buy a faster, 64MB memory card. I've had problems with the 64MB version. I had to use my own CD drive to copy my ISO files and then I had problems copying my other ISO files. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very mediocre. I used to have a Sony PXD-D10, which I had for years and still use. It worked perfectly for years, and when it broke, it was replaced with an XMG.  The XMG, however, has the same problem as the PXDs, and no one has a clue why. The XGMS-A1 is also a dud, but that is more to do with the fact that it was my first Sony device, so I have no reason to believe it's any different.  If you have an older Sony device that works fine, I suggest buying an A5. I'd stay away from the A1. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to hold my mp3 player, but it does not work well for that.  I have to unplug and plug it in manually to keep it from overheating, which is a little annoying, but if it overheats, it shuts down, which means I have no way to turn the radio back on.  If you don't use the remote, don't buy this!  I wish I hadn't bought it, because the instructions for using it are incorrect.  Do not try to hold the radio in your hands and try to operate it.  It is not designed to be operated like that.I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no problems with this product but I am very disappointed because it is very expensive for such a small product. I was hoping it would be better because it comes with a case and it has the same type of cover. I am returning it and I will not purchase another one until I see the product in the store. I would recommend you purchase something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory card, and when it arrived, it didn't work.  I tried to repair it, but the card did not work. i don't know if it is because this memory is only made of a certain type of memory, or if it's because it's not working properly, but it is a very annoying experience.  It was also a pain to remove the card, insert it into the memory card reader, and then take it out again, because it sticks in the reader, so you cannot remove it easily 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it and used it, it works, but you can't use the optical drive anymore.  You have to use a PC to use it, if you want to use the cd player on your PC, you have to turn off the optical player, and the cd drive itself.  Don't buy this.  I returned it to Amazon for a refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried it and it is a pain to use. I have to unplug and plug it in and then turn it on to see if it worked.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very noisy when connected to the radio, but not at all when playing back a DVD.  The only good thing is that it does have a little bit of FM reception.  It would be nice if it could get rid of the FM reception, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product.  There are not many of them, and the one that I bought did not work.  I wish the company had put up a replacement that was as good as the first.  If you are buying this product, don't do it on Amazon, because it won't last, and Amazon won't refund you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason it failed to keep the signal is that the wire was too short, not to mention that there are many longer wires to use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to help me use the DVD player, but it doesn't work.  It is not connected to my TV at all, and it is only partially functional, which I find frustrating.  I will be returning it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought it and it isnt working. I contacted customer support, and they told me it could be the radio. I do not have any radio with this radio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product I bought was a little different from the description. The only difference I can see is that they were missing the case that the actual product had. The product that came with the case was fine.  I will not buy from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the item as advertised, however the unit worked only with Windows XP (not Windows Vista).I will not purchase a second item of this brand, and do not recommend them for any future purchases 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in the same boat as others, and the earbuds do not fit well.  I tried a dozen different pairs of earbud, none fit the Sony earphones well.I have to return them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to love this mp3 player.  It was just the one that didn't work for me.  I have had the mp3-c2 for a month and I'm still waiting for a replacement unit.  Do yourself a favor and buy a good brand new player, if you don't mind it being a bit more expensive.  This mp3 would not play with this mp4. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work with the ipod touch. The ipod has a special jack that is used to plug into the receiver (not the ipods). The ipods need to have a special antenna attached to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item is advertised as an iPod dock and that is it.  The case does not protect the iPod when it is in the case and the iPod is not safe when it's in the carton.  Don't waste your money on this case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a DVD player and it failed within a year.  I am trying to get it repaired or replaced and have already contacted Toshiba for help.  Don't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not a big fan of the MP3 player. I bought it because it was cheaper than the Sony product.  I also bought it on sale and since I have it, I've had the same problem with it that I had with the Sony.  The player randomly stops playing songs after 1-2 minutes.  It's not the iPod player, it's the iPod Nano. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the unit to replace my Sony CDX500 which I had already bought as an upgrade from my Sony unit.  The unit works fine with the Sony CD player.  However, it does not work with the Philips CDX700 which is my main CD player for the house.  I will have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this product for 2 months. I tried to record 2 videos simultaneously, but it didn't work. After a few months, it started randomly changing the video quality to the highest. I had to restart it.  Don't buy this product! It's not reliable! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i got this thing for my wife, who doesn't use a PC and needs to hook it up to her ipod/iPod.  it is VERY finicky with how much space it takes up.  we got it working with half the space, but it only worked with 1/4 inch thick plastic pieces.  if you get this for your iPod, it will not work.  i would suggest something better if you want it to be able to hold and operate on 2 small plastic pieces 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the box as promised.  The case came with a single CD, however, the CD player was defective.  I called SONY and they told me that they would send me a new CD player.  Unfortunately, the new player did not have the same specs that the defective player had.  So, I returned the box.  Now I am stuck with a defective player that I cannot use.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned many, many, and I have to say this one is the worst.  First off, it is really hard to use it.  Secondly, it doesn't hold a charge very well, if at all.  I have tried to use the charging cable as much as I can, but the problem is it's so bulky that it makes it hard to move around.  Thirdly, it has very little built-in protection.  It has no case, which is very unfortunate.  Also, I don't like the fact that the mouse pad is so flimsy that it can easily be lost.  You can see this in the picture of the mouse, which I'm sure is pretty much the only thing that will stay in place.  The mousepad has been lost twice so far, which isn't even that rare 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My TV died within a week of purchase, and I'm returning it for a replacement.  It's an antenna, right?  So what's the big deal?  I don't want to listen to radio stations through my TV.  If the TV can't receive FM stations, what else could I do with it? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a new customer, and I bought this phone because I was looking for a small phone that could hold my ipod, ipod touch, and my ipods 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is OK for the price. However, the sound quality is terrible. The stations are very distorted. I am returning this radio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money if you don't use it frequently and the screen isn't that great.  Don't waste your money on this.  Buy a cheaper one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones were a total waste of money. I am now trying to return them. I purchased these because they are comfortable. They don't hold the shape you want. They will get worn out after awhile. I'm returning them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my wife's iPod and it did not work.  I'm not sure what kind of cables I needed to get it to work.It looks nice but it is a total failure in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know what happened to this product, I bought it from Amazon.com and it was a gift to my wife, so I expected it to work just like it was supposed to.  But it didn't.  I will never buy Amazon again, they have ruined my electronic device.  It is not the fault of Amazon, I ordered the right product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am sorry but the sound is so-so, and I can not get it to record with mp3 at all.  I have it recording with SACD.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the "normal" DVD player and it always cuts out the commercials.  I tried the "high" settings and it cuts out every once in a while, but I have not had any problems with this player for the last few months.  The only way I can get it to work is by opening the case and removing the cartridge and plugging it in.  If you do that, the player will not work.  Please don't buy this player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it is an MP3 player and it can handle SD and CF cards.  Unfortunately it is not a good MP3 device.  The sound is not great and it is very hard to play some songs without pausing them.  I have returned it and am looking for something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a really bad product.  I bought it thinking that it would work for my new HDTV.  it did not, at all.  i tried to get a refund from amazon, but they refuse to refund anything unless it is defective.  so i am going to return it and try another brand.  the only positive review I can give this is that it works for the HDTV that I got it for.  if you are looking to buy this, be prepared to spend at least $30-40 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These discs are not made for the iPod!  The case is too small.  It also does not hold the iPod, and does not have any room for the battery in the case.  The only reason I purchased these was to get the iPod with my new car stereo.  Now I can't even listen to the iPod and I'm driving.  Don't waste your money on these discs.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this product again.  I bought a second Sony PDP1 and it worked fine.  The only reason I bought this one is because of the price.  There are better options out there for this type of device.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna doesn't work with my car, but the antenna is fine for my radio. I don't understand why the manufacturer doesn't have an antenna that works for all radios, not just the Toyota Prius! The car radio is not the problem, it's the antenna.  I just wish the antenna was a little more sturdy and it would be worth the price for me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for over a year now.  I keep seeing on the web and in other reviews that it is not reliable.  The problem is that the unit does not work well with other batteries.   I had to replace my old battery with another brand.  It will hold a charge for about 30 minutes then go dead.  In other words, I have a half charge left and when I want to charge it, I'm going to have to turn it on or plug in the charger again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work for all my MP3's. It is not compatible with the iPod Nano. I returned it to Apple and got the same product.  I will never buy a "mini" iPod again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an option to replace my CD player which had a bad antenna.  The product is OK, but it has the antenna at an angle that can't pick up the signal from the outside.  It also has the radio on the back, which is awkward.  You have to take the radio off, remove the CD player, and put the radio back on.  If you do this with your CD player in the car, it will not work anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this phone to replace my old Nokia phones.  The phone has no sound, no reception and is very difficult to use.  I am sure the company has improved the phone, but the original Nokia phones worked fine.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i have had this product for over a year.  i use it in my office at home and i have always had problems.i have had it for 2 years and have seen 3 different repairmen and one just told me it was defective.i think it is because of how the antenna is positioned. i used to use it with a long antenna.now i use mine with a short antenna.this product is not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not much room for a battery, but the fact that it does have room for an AC adapter and the cord that you will be plugging into is very flimsy.  It is VERY easy to break.  Don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is very sensitive.  I bought this because it seemed to be better than the antenna that came with my TV.  However, I was disappointed in the fact that the antenna is extremely sensitive.I did a few things to try to get it to work better.  First, I installed the receiver, then the antenna, then it worked for a while, but then it wouldn't work anymore.  After that, I switched over to the antenna supplied by the manufacturer.  But this antenna is not nearly as sensitive.So, I returned it and I'm looking for a different antenna.  Don't buy this product, it is not worth it.  If you buy the antenna from Amazon, Amazon has it for a great price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This DVD player worked for my wife's birthday party.  The problem was it broke very quickly.  Don't buy this DVD player unless you plan to do lots of DVDs.  This unit worked for a few months, but broke soon after I bought it.  Buy a Sony unit instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just want to make a negative complaint about a terrible electronic device. I bought this for my son and we are both very disappointed.  It is an antenna but it is a crappy antenna. It is very sensitive and will not transmit signals in a good direction unless you keep the radio on a very high frequency.  We had it set to a local station so it did get a signal but it never was as strong as we were hoping for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered the 5gb card to replace my 50gb card that was damaged.  It came very late.  I had no idea that it would cost me so much to replace the damaged card.  My customer service rep told me that they could replace my damaged card for me, but I would need to return it with the 50gb that I had.  If I did, they would have to send me the 50gig card.The card is not usable until I return it.  After 5 days, I will have to pay $20 shipping for the 50GB card, plus the $30 mail-in fee.  The other customer service reps in the store did not help me at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this card was because it was cheaper than the others in the same category.  It's definitely not worth the money because I will never use it.  If you want to save a few bucks, buy the same model as the other brands.  I can tell because my card has a sticker on the front of it saying "Cards are not guaranteed" which is a complete lie.  The one I got broke within a month of being installed and it cost me $150 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my son who has a Nikon SL3 and he wanted to shoot more photos in the dark. The picture is terrible. You need a manual setting to be able to shoot properly. I have not been able to get it to print a good picture. You will get a much better picture with a Canon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the same model for about 5 years and now the CD player is dying and won't hold any more mp3's.  The player itself is OK but the CD players that came with it were not.  I returned it because it's just not worth the trouble to buy new ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased the HP Elite Hub, and it has become a pain in the arse when trying to use the software that controls it. The volume controls are not reliable, and I have found the network connection unreliable, making it difficult to use some of the programs. I do not recommend this product unless you have access to HP support 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my daughter who is 5 months pregnant and had to return it. The problem is the case itself, it doesn't fit her perfectly. There are no instructions on how to get it in place properly. Also, the picture quality isn't the best.  I'm hoping this gets fixed soon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can use the CD player and the cassette player in the same car, but they won't play together.  I'd suggest buying a stereo system which has two players 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not buy this for a personal computer.  The only thing that saved it from a complete failure was the fact that it could not be ejected.  I had to turn the computer off and on again, several times, to get it to eject.  It would not eject when the power was on.  For this price, I expected a few more features. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the remote is useless, the screen is small and can't use a mouse.  i'm looking at getting rid of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very dissapointed.  It's a little annoying, but not as bad as some other people have reported.  If you don't have an SD card reader, this is not the card you need 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very happy with the product and the installation of the CD.  I wanted a DVD burner that was less expensive so I could burn my favorite DVDs to my computer.   The DVD burner worked fine for a short time but when it came time to burn my DVDs to the hard drive it would randomly go into the sleep mode.  This would cause the computer to restart and would then stop functioning.  The best thing I could do was to purchase another brand of DVD burner.  Not worth the money for a bad DVD burner 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is a nightmare to use with an iPod. I would never use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD case does not protect the CD, but it does protect the speakers. I bought this because it had the best warranty. However, the speakers will not stay in the case while playing. This is very annoying because you have to remove the case to clean the speakers or you will have a noisy mess on your desk. I will not purchase this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this with the expectation that it would not interfere with my ipod and not require any extra software to use. I was wrong. I will not be ordering from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable for my Panasonic Lumix DMC-F7000 camera and it worked great for a few months.  Then I discovered that the power to the camera is sometimes intermittent.  I have to unplug and plug it in and it works.  Don't waste your money on this cable.  Amazon has a cheaper version that does not have this problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this unless you know what a drive is. It does not work with the Mac Mini and it is very expensive. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product did not work with my Dell E5515 notebook. I sent it back.  I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Dell Inspiron 6285 did not work.  It would power up but then would stop running and shut down completely.  The product support line told me I could return it for a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product, if you want a mp3 player with no buttons, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has some very low resolution and not enough storage to allow you to use it to store your photos and videos for your DVD's. I returned it to Amazon for a refund.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't even know what to say, the sound quality is awful, you can't even hear the player when it is playing music.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works fine for a while but then eventually stops working.  It only took a few days before I could no longer use the mouse.  I do not know how it happened but it did not happen when I bought it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product to anyone. The first time I used it was for a DVD. After a couple of tries it did not work. The DVD player would not turn on the player until I reset it. I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had it for a month and it still doesn't work.  The software is the same one that is used by my friend's car stereo.  I am looking for a different brand of mp3 player.  So I will not buy from Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item in hopes that it would be able to connect to my Sony A900, but it will not work at all. I returned it and received a different Sony A800. I'm very disappointed with Sony's products, and will not be buying from them again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this as a replacement for my Canon PowerShot SX700.  I tried several times to get it to work, but it wouldn't turn on.  The only way to get the printer to print was to remove it from the wall, which is an extremely expensive option in the city of San Francisco.  If you can get it up to a power output of 200 or so, it will print fine.  There is also a small print problem if you print to the right side of the printer, which I have seen in other printers.  Overall, I will not buy this printer again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a new iPod because it has an internal battery.  However, it doesn't work.  I have the original iPod with the battery and it works perfectly.  So, I returned it and bought the new iPod.  It still does not work.I would not buy this item again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for three weeks now and have had one issue, it does not charge the iPod, I was able to charge my iPod with it, but not the other two iPods 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to send in a replacement, which is a shame.  The iPod shuffle was working fine, and the iPod nano worked fine, but the shuffle would not work with any of the iTunes software.  I did not get any error message on the computer.  After several attempts, I finally managed to get the iPod shuffle to work.  Now, when I plug in the shuffle, the iPod will boot to the iPod logo screen, which appears to be a Windows XP logo.  This is very annoying, and I can't use the iPod because I can only type in the program "iTunes" 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got it today and have to tell you this is a pain in the ass to use and is VERY slow. I have to stop and turn it on and off several times a day just to get it to work. I've owned many printers in the past and I have never had problems with it. The problem with this printer is the ink cartridge.  You can see the tiny dot in the center of each cartridge and it is very difficult to use the cartridge if you don't have the paper with you.  It is impossible to use any of the programs that require you to have the cartridge with you, like the Adobe Acrobat.  The cartridges have a very small margin for error and they all seem to be the same size.  This printer is junk.  I'm going to return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this to be my new TV.  I tried the DVD player and it worked for about 2 hours.  Then it would not power up and I would have to go back to it.  The remote did not work and I had to order a replacement for it.I am so disappointed.  Do not buy this unless you intend to use the DVD as a remote.  It is NOTHING!  I am looking for a replacement, but I don't want to spend $80 to replace something I can get for $10. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this case to keep my iPod, but it has a big hole in the center. I thought I had fixed the problem by putting the case on a new one, but the hole is still there. I don't think it's worth trying to repair this case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the CD drive from Amazon and it arrived on time and as promised.  Unfortunately, the CD player is defective.  It is not supported by Windows Media Player (WMP) and cannot play CD's at all.  I have sent Amazon back the defective CD player.  If you get this drive, I suggest not using it because of the risk of a virus.  Amazon will not replace the CD Player for a defective one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed when I received this product.  I had been looking at other vendors options (Samsung, Lexar, etc.) and I am glad to see the seller was a genuine HP customer.  My new printer had no connection to the printer or its power source.  It did not work for two days.  Then it started and the printer stopped printing.  The HP technician did not help me.  Don't waste your money on a bad HP printer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio worked well with my Sony Walkman but stopped working after about 2 months. I bought a second one at a big electronic device store in order to try and get it back on the air. It is a different model and doesn't come with a manual. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the product with the CD burner but it did not work with my player. I sent it back and they said they will be sending me another product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is nice to have an HDMI that has the option to use the optical out port. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The optical out is only an option if you purchase a model with the optical input. Otherwise, you have to use a "regular" video cable to get the audio signal. I bought one of the "mini" units that has both an optical input and an audio input. I tried it with both the optical and the regular cables and both ended up in the same spot (on the floor) for an hour or so. I had to return it because the HDMI "mini HDMI cable" I bought did not fit properly, but that is the least of my problems with this product. The fact that it is only a "mini", not "mini+", connector is a problem, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not have any kind of label on it and the label that came with the product is very small.  I did not want to use it so I just tore the label off and used my old one.  The sound quality is pretty bad.  It can't compare to the Sony headphones that are on the market right now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this because it was an option of not having to replace my previous HP ElitePad because of the old battery.  i'm not satisfied with the performance, i have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried using two different Amazon products, and both have failed miserably.  The Amazon Echo has always worked fine, but the Amazon Fire TV would constantly stop working, sometimes for minutes, sometimes minutes and minutes.  I've returned both, and Amazon refuses to replace the defective unit.  Amazon, for goodness sake, please fix your products.  If you're looking for a good Amazon device, look elsewhere.  There's a reason Amazon charges more for Amazon Echo products than they do for Amazon FireTVs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a true sata connector, so it won't fit in my system, unless I buy a genuine sata-to-sata adapter.  It's a cheap plastic-on-metal connector, and it's cheap for what it is.  You won't get better value for money with a genuine Sata to Sata adapter 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought them for my wife and she wanted them for her phone.  The reception was great when I installed the antenna.  Then I realized that it was the antenna and not the phone. So when I returned it to Amazon for a refund, I was given a refund for the antenna (because Amazon considers an antenna "part" of the phone).  Amazon does not want you to know that an antenna is required to receive the signal.  Amazon's customer service is not great.  Don't buy these because they say they're "airpondable".  Don\'t believe Amazon.  It's a waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not support the internal memory card I purchased to hold all the photos I take.  If you want to keep the photos you take on your computer, this product will not work for you.  I was able to get away with it as it did not cost me any money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries don't hold much charge, so keep them away from your electronics. The included charger is not very powerful, and I couldn't get it to charge any of the batteries on the unit. The charger is included, but is not the most powerful charger available. I would definitely avoid this battery unless you plan on keeping your electronics plugged in all the time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked for my Dell Vostok 2 but was a little slow.  It would sometimes stop and restart the card (while the computer was running) and then quit.  I was not able to get it to work well with Windows XP.  Don't waste your money on this product, buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Sony mouse on sale for a couple of weeks.  I wanted to keep it and used my new HP mouse, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the HP mouse.  Unfortunately, Amazon didn't honor my return.  It is a pain to use.  Not only does it look ugly, but it doesn't work.  The buttons don't work, the scroll wheel is broken, and the mouse itself is not reliable.  Amazon's customer service is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is not a real battery - its a battery that is a battery clip that can be attached to the car battery to extend the battery. I had to return mine and get a real car battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had the DVD player for about 2 years now.  It has a lot of dust on it.  My wife and I have had it together for a few months now.When I put the DVD in the player I can see that it has a very large dust particle on it, and the picture deteriorates in quality.  I have to go and get my new player.  There are better products out there that don't have this problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no problems with this DVD player, but it only lasted until my CD player broke down. I have had to replace both the players. I will not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get what you pay for. It's an ok piece of plastic, but not great for the price. It is however great for someone to lose or damage.  You have to be really careful what you use it for.  It will hold your ipod for quite a while but you'll need to be careful not to rip the battery out.  Also if you accidentally drop it you can get a bad one, since it is so thin.  The ipod is not waterproof but is a good case for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a dvd player that I will never use again.  The sound is ok, but the battery life is horrible.  I've seen the other reviewer mention that they've replaced the battery and it seems to be a little more reliable now.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product a few months ago and when it came time to hook up my new printer, I discovered that the cartridge that was included in the package is not the same one that was originally purchased by the manufacturer. This means that the cartridges in my new package are no longer valid, and the printer will not work properly. I'm extremely disappointed with this printer.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to install it and I'm now wondering if I did something wrong.  It has no support for VGA, it has no drivers, it doesn't have a switch.  I wish I hadn't bought this.  If you have an older machine, don't buy this!  I've had it for a week and it still works for me.  The other thing is it's a pain in the ass to use.  Don't waste your money on this.It is worth a try but if you have the problem it's probably a software problem with this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with this product.  I expected something better than an iPod nano.  It's just OK.  The buttons don't work, the battery life is not great and I have had a lot of problems with this in the past few months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for about a year.  The software update on the remote doesn't work anymore.  I'm not sure what else is wrong with the remote, but I've been looking at the manual for other remote controls that have worked for years.  My recommendation is to stop using this one.  Don't waste your money.  It's a waste of money to buy the remote for the money you can get from the other manufacturer.  Use something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason i bought this product was for the sound.  I have 2 of these and they both sound great.  The problem is the batteries.  You can only have 4 in one battery at a time.  If you want to have more you have to buy 2 batteries for 2 speakers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this with my Amazon Prime plan. The picture quality was ok, but it would be annoying if I had to constantly plug it in and out. I would have to turn the unit on and off every 30 minutes or so to keep it from burning through the batteries. I am a heavy user and the only reason I got the Amazon Prime service was because I want it to be plugged in all the time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These things do not hold up to much.  It is a waste of money.  You have to keep on using the cables until it gets hot.  I don't know how to measure the temperature, but it does not hold it anymore after 15 minutes 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is really bad.  I would never recommend a piece of junk.  This is the worst product I've ever purchased.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this product on several times, and it wouldn't power on my Dell Latitude N5220.  The only way I could get it to power on was by using the CD burner in conjunction with the product's onboard processor, which I'm told is the same chip as the Intel processor that powers many of Dell's consumer electronics products.  Don't be misled, the product works with any Intel-powered CD/DVD burner, not just the one I bought.  If you buy this product, do not use the CD that comes with it, as it will not work with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product thinking it would be a decent antenna. I was mistaken. I found that it did not have enough gain for my antenna. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this radio in April of 2006. It was very slow in operation, but it did have an antenna. I wanted a different antenna. This antenna did not work with this radio, it did not get the signals, and it was a waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really nice product, but it just doesn't work. The unit would not load anything at all.  Don't buy this unit if you plan to use it as a digital device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is OK, but the CD player that is supposed to hold it has problems.  The CD player itself does work for a while, then the radio will not hold the CD.  I have not been able to get it to work with my CD player anymore.  It's a waste of money to buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to play DVDs, and have not been able to find a good electronic device for it. The sound is okay, but it is too sensitive to the DVD player, making me skip through the disc and accidentally skip past the DVD. The remote control has no range, so you have to use it on the floor, or in a chair or something. I would not buy this item again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had several of these units and now the only one I have that is not working.  It has a bad antenna and the radio doesn't work for anything.  I have a radio that works great with my other antenna so I can't imagine the problem with this one.  The battery is a joke.  Don't waste your money.  Buy a different radio or get something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a crappy antenna.  if you are trying to get signal from the outdoors then this is the worst antenna you can buy.  it is a little weak in the high bands 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried all of the different kinds of adapters that they sell on Amazon. They all seem to be in stock.  I would never buy something unless they were available in store.  The thing that really irks me is the fact that Amazon is selling it at a huge discount because it is an Amazon branded product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am using the Sony mp3 player that was shipped with the case (it's a Sony model).  I purchased this item on a lark and thought I'd try it out before returning.  It seems to be ok for mp3 playback, but it will not record on the computer, i.e. it will freeze.  I have not heard of any other cases from Sony that would be able to withstand the strain that my unit will put on the case.  Sony MP3 players don't come with cases that protect the speakers.  A lot of the other MP3 cases that I saw on the shelf at the electronics store looked to be made of a lightweight plastic.  My mp3 case is made of cardboard.  So far it has not lasted much longer than other mp3 cases 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work for me. I will not be buying from this company again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son's iPod but he just lost it. I have not recommed it and do not want to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my order and it was damaged.  I am very disappointed.  Do not waste your money.  Buy a good electronic device instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to work. I got it up and running but it wouldn't hold an ipod.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked for about 2 weeks and then started losing power, so I got a new card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product as a replacement for my old "Sony earbuds", which have stopped working.  The earbud is too small, and I was not able to fit my ears in the right position, which caused a loud ringing sound in my ears.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not a big fan of CD/DVD players.  I used this player for about a month and after that I switched to an external drive.  My disc player is still working but the sound quality is horrible.  If you don't need to have your discs in your CD/ DVD player, then I would not suggest this player.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My friend gave me this for Christmas and it did not work out of the box.  It is very slow and has very poor sound quality.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is a little too small and the sound is too loud.  I bought this for my wife and was expecting it to be a great replacement for her older cd player.  We both ended up throwing it away because it wouldn't hold a CD any longer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this antenna for 5 months now, and I still have not received any reception.  I had to replace it with the exact same antenna because the reception is just so terrible.  If you plan on having the antenna for a year, you better not waste your money on this antenna.  This antenna is not worth it at all.  Don't waste your $20 bucks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know how many times I have tried this product and it is never worked.  It does not work in all regions.  I am looking for something that is a bit more reliable but if you have to use this product on the network, you will find the problems on your network.  You can't use it on the internal network because it will not work.  My advice is to buy a Cisco product that is certified for internal use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't use any DVD's but these, so I had to return them and buy another one.  You need to buy another model of DVD player.  Don't buy this because it does not work.  Buy another brand, it works great.  This one is useless.  I am returning it and buying something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the printer because of the features it offered and my hope that I could print at the cost of my $30 printer.  Unfortunately, the printer did not deliver on that promise.  The printer does not print well at all and the cartridge is too expensive for the printer to be worth it.  I returned it and am trying to get it replaced with a cheaper model.  If you're looking for a low cost printer, avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player was not functioning in my car. The manufacturer had me return it.  I returned it to Amazon and they shipped me another.  The new one worked for the first month, but stopped working after 2 months.  Amazon will not honor returns, so I have no recourse but to try Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my product and it worked as expected.  The sound quality is average at best.  It's also quite slow.  For example, in the last two weeks, I had to restart my system at least four times because the volume levels kept changing.  This product definitely needs a better sound system.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this product out after reading the reviews here and was very disappointed.  It took some time to get it to work.  I did eventually get it going.  However, the sound quality is very bad.  My husband had to turn off his car stereo because it was so quiet.  He bought the speakers for $80.00, and the sound is $200.00.  If you can find better speakers for your money, do it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very surprised when I received the package.  The case is very thin.  There are not even any pockets.  I expected some type of protective cover, but this does not work.  It is very hard to open.  Not only that, the case is not fully waterproof.  This product was not a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very skeptical about purchasing this card because of its limited capacities, but when I received the product, I was surprised to see that it was actually full size.  However, since I didn't use the "mini" versions, the performance was much worse.  If you don't need the mini versions, this card may be worth trying, but don't waste your money.  Don't get it, unless you want to have the best performance for your money, which is doubtful at this price.  I'm looking for something with more performance. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this card and the card does not work properly.  I am using an Asus M2A motherboard.  The card does NOT WORK ON ITS OWN!  I can't even power up my computer because the card is too hot to touch.  Don't buy this card unless you want to pay a big sum for a new card!  It does not support the ATI card, the only ATI card it supports is the ATI 6300M, which I am NOTHING but pleased with because it has a much better heatsink than the Intel/AMD card! I hope ATI releases a replacement ATI card that supports the 6300! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory does not work with my HP inkjet printer. I will not be buying it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This memory stick is not compatible with my iPod.  The iPod needs to be turned into an iPod and then transferred to this memory stick 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product for a client and it didn't work for them.  I sent it back to Amazon and they shipped me a new one.  The only thing that worked for me was the "power saver" feature.  Amazon has it listed as a "feature" but the description doesn't mention it.  They should have included it when they sent me the original one back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not very clear what the difference is between the "Lite" and "LITE+".  They both have a different size, weight, and shape.  If you have an older laptop that's slightly bigger than this, don't buy this product - they will not fit.  It will not even fit in your laptop case, let alone your bag.  I returned it and bought something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this cable at Target.  It is not made of the same material as the others.  However, it does work.  The sound quality is subpar for a $30 cable.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a little cumbersome to carry and you have to put it in the bag, open it and remove it to use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried several brands of the memory card in the past and always have returned them because they were damaged. This memory card is the first time I have ever experienced something so serious.  I was able to return the card for a replacement, but I was told the replacement would cost $50 more.  Needless to say, I will never buy from Sony again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have not yet installed the network antenna but I've read and seen that it has the ability to work with the "airwave" technology to receive and transmit signals. This would mean that it is actually possible to have a complete duplex with the antenna and radio, but for the time being, I'm keeping it because the radio has no reception and I don't need it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife, but she is not happy with it.  I tried the CD and DVD burner and it burned the disc with some discoloration.  It also burned the DVD without any problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money. I bought this thinking I needed to have it so I could connect to the network for the TV.  It has a built-in antenna but it doesn't work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Canon Rebel with a Canon DVD player and an M-Audio cable, which is both very reliable and also has a remote.  It was also a Canon product, so I thought I'd be protected by Canon.  What I didn't know was that Canon's remote, while having the same buttons as the Canon player, has different buttons for volume up/down and for play/pause/stop.  So the M-audio remote controls both volume up and down, which results in no volume buttons on the M9.  The M- Audio remote is also the same as the remote on the Canon DVD.  I had to send the M7 back to Canon.The M9 worked fine for the first month or so, but after that I got a new Canon DVD-Player, which didn't have volume up or down buttons.  Finally, I got rid of the M8 because it wouldn't play DVDs anymore.  Don't buy this remote 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a professional sound engineer and I needed a way to record and play back my MP3 files without having to carry around a large, expensive laptop.  The product failed on me in less than 24 hours!  The volume was reduced on my MP9 files (128kbps) and the sound quality was horribly distorted!  I returned it within a couple days of receiving the defective item and am still trying to get a refund from Sony.  Don't buy this product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought many different things and this one is the worst.  It is very flaky and is extremely difficult to connect to my modem.  I am going to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was delivered as promised, but does not work. I had to return it for a refund. I don't understand why they don't make it work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is great for the money. But it is VERY noisy when you plug in the power cord to the unit. I am trying to solve this by using the included adapters but I am not getting anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought this at the local big box store and i'm glad i did. i can't really describe how it works because it is very strange. i bought it thinking i would use it to hook up my stereo to the tv. i tried several different adapters and found the most to be the product that matched the stereo. i didn't want to break the thing when i returned it so i just kept it and it just stopped working altogether 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted an iPod dock for my car.  It turns out it is not compatible with my iPod, which I use to record music and listen to the radio.  The iPod does not work properly with this dock.  So now I have to use an external battery to charge my iPod.  I have also tried to return it to Amazon for a refund, but Amazon refused to refund my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work. It would not play my DVD 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted to record my home movies in my living room.  Unfortunately, it does not record at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has very few options to use, and it is very hard to find instructions online.  I have used this product to store my MP3's, which are not CD's.  It is a shame that I did not see this product earlier 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this as an alternative to the generic cd player I was using and I am disappointed.  It doesn't hold a lot of mp3's or play very well, I have to adjust the volume.  You might get a little more out of this than I did because the mp3 player is quite cheap, but if you want to use your mp3 collection on this player you should go for a CD player.  I was also disappointed because it doesn't have any kind of auto power-off feature.  This thing just doesn't seem to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Sony VAIO PV3 was having trouble with itunes, but I bought this because it had a remote.  I used to have itunes work fine with my mp3 player, but when I tried to use the mp3 remote with this DVD player it refused to recognize it, and wouldn't let me control it (and I can't really do that anyway with mp3 players).  I returned it, because the player itself would not work anymore, it just refused to play the DVD that I had given it to itunes to play.  Itunes now gives me the option to send it to Sony for repair or replacement.  Don't buy this remote if you are a beginner because it is not user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work well with Mac OSX.  I can't boot it, the installer has failed.  The other thing I have is the same product that is sold by Apple and works well.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My HP ENVIRON laptop does not work with the WMP3 player.  I had a WMP1 player which worked fine.  The WMP7 player is totally unplayable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My original Sony DVP-CXB05 was on its way to me in a few months.  I just received it today and it has the same problem as the other review.  The sound quality is awful.  It's the worst I've heard from any Sony receiver.  You can't listen to the radio unless you turn up the volume and the volume is just barely audible.  Don't buy this one unless you have a more expensive radio.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My DVD player broke after I put in some music and it was out of warranty. I sent it in to Amazon for a repair and they shipped it back within a week.  I will never buy Amazon again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk.  I can't even use it for the basic functions like making and receiving a call.  It will record the name of the person calling and then the name is repeated on the screen.  Don't waste your money.  If you really want to make a phone call you can buy a better phone.  The Motorola ones that come with it are good.  But I will not buy a Motorola because this one is a complete joke 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought several Sony products in the past and have always been pleased with them.  The earphones that I received for review, however, are defective.  I was very disappointed when I discovered that I needed to return them and purchase a new set.  My first pair lasted one month and then I decided to return and purchase the same set again because I wanted a different set of earphones.  Sony does not do a good job in customer service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery that came with the laptop is not rechargeable.  It has a 6 month battery life.  The unit also has an antenna that is very weak.  If you plan on using the unit regularly, you may want to consider upgrading it to the battery that is included with your laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case is not as advertised, but it's ok for my $20 phone case.  It's a lot of room for the battery, but not enough for a full charge.  I don't want to charge it every night, so I'm just gonna keep it charged the next day.  Don't waste your money on this case!  I will never buy another case that will charge my phone unless it's clear what it's capable of and has an extra room to hold the battery 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for my new ipaq.com system and it works fine until the moment you want to take a picture.  Then it freezes, takes 30 seconds or so to start and you have to wait until it starts and works again.  I think it is because the card's internal memory is not very fast.  If it's not working, just leave it alone and try again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player was delivered in a damaged condition.  I could not use it for more than 2 months because it had started playing DVDs out of order.  The product itself is fine, but the delivery company did not deliver it to me in its original condition 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio worked for a short period of time but the sound quality was not great.  I bought this item hoping for a great radio.  If you do not listen to FM radio, buy something else.  Buyer beware 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product for two months and the only good thing I've seen is the sound quality, but other than that I'm not impressed.  The only way I can get it to work is to turn it off and on and let it cool down.  Other than that it's useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i used this product for 2 months and it was an absolute disaster. i bought it because of the price and the great reviews. i was wrong. this product is not reliable.  i wasted over $30.00 in shipping and returned the product. i would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not surprised that this product was not up to the task.  The radio did not work in any of the car radio stations that I tested.  I was also able to listen to some of the stations on the AM station that was not tuned in to the AM frequency 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My unit came with a very small CD player and a very weak CD player that could not play any MP3s at all. I returned it and bought a Pioneer CD player.The Pioneer is much better.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this CD player for a month now.  I have not had any problems with it.  The sound is OK, but the CD player itself is junk.  It's not very portable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed. Very expensive, doesn't hold a lot of data and is very slow. I was looking for a faster machine, but I can't say it's worth it when the product itself is so slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't hold the charge for very long, I have to leave it at least 1 hour before I leave the house to get it charged.  Don't buy this one, its a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this product at home and it failed. I would never buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got it and then it wouldn't turn on at all.  I returned it.  What a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a piece of junk. I tried using it on my Mac mini with no luck. I've also used it to record a DVD on my home TV, and it froze up the whole time. The picture is terrible and the sound is very weak, even on a high volume setting. I have given this item zero stars because I have tried all other brands and brands that have been sold at Amazon and all have worked. It's a waste of money. I was hoping for a better product and I was very disappointed. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like the fact that it only has one USB port, which is probably why I purchased it, but I don' 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product. The antenna is so far away from the radio that the reception is very poor. The range is very disappointing, in my area. The radio is very unstable. The volume is very low.The product is junk 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is very difficult to use.  I had to make two separate installations to get the software to work, and the sound is very weak.  Don't buy this product if you want to use the software 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this in my Sony Vaio at the last show.  I've now got a dead printer.  The print quality was fine, but the problem was that the ink ran out after a short period.  It's a shame because the printer is not a replacement for the Canon HP3300 that I have.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a cheap way to record my own DVD to my computer, and this is a great buy for $5.95.  I am using it with an old HP DL24 running Linux (Ubuntu) and have had some trouble with it.  The first problem I had was it would randomly crash or stop recording if I was running an OS other than Windows XP (which I have installed).  I had to reinstall the operating system to get it back to working.The second problem I have had with it is it does not support the DVI output.  So far, I have only been able to record with the D-Link brand DVD recorder that I purchased.   I will not be using the HP brand DVD recorders. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a HP Pavilion laptop which does not support an ethernet port.  This item does not work and is the worst I have ever purchased 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD player for a trip to see relatives in Australia.  I had to return it within 1 month after it arrived.  The disc player did not work and I had no idea what caused it to fail.  So I returned it and I will never purchase another product from Amazon unless I can find the product that is not so bad.  Amazon, please fix this product.  Don't let this happen to anyone else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You have to have a very large player, and it's too big to fit in my car. The sound is mediocre, and the software is a total joke. I was given the software by a salesman and it has all sorts of terrible suggestions. For instance, the software recommends "scanning" the entire disk, but the disk itself isn't even a compact disk. I can't even open the software to scan the disk. It's a joke! The software is so bad that it actually breaks the disk in half when I attempt to remove the drive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the only problem is it doesn't work with Windows XP. I bought it for an HP printer and it works with XP, but not this one.  I've returned it for another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can see the difference in the picture quality between a VGA TV and a DVI TV. The picture quality is horrible.  My wife is very disappointed with the quality of this product.  I am also very disappointed in the fact that I am paying $100 for this product when I could get a cheaper model 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality was very weak and the mic didn't work very well.  The software that was bundled with it was buggy.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money on this.  It is NOT the quality of the product that I expected.  The speakers are very uncomfortable to sit in the car, and the sound quality is not as good as the CD changer.  Buy the iPod if you want to listen to your MP3's 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping this would work for my laptop.  I didn't realize the only way to install it was via the DVD player, so I was disappointed when I realized it wasn't.   I would avoid this brand unless you want to use the DVD to boot into a Linux environment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money.  I am returning it.  The picture quality is not as advertised.  It is very blurry and not usable at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a very slow person, but I do have to say that the sound quality is very poor. The sound is not at all clear or distinct. I am in the habit of turning the volume up to maximum (and turn the speaker down a bit), and the sound is a bit more distinct.  I am very disappointed with this item, and if anyone has the same problem, try Amazon instead.  Amazon's shipping costs are cheap and they will ship the item quickly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these at all. The sound is ok, but the remote has no function. I've had it for less than a year and can't even remember how I got it.  Don t buy these, they are not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this memory for my new Sony memory player. I was a little disappointed in the performance and its size.  I'm an adult so I thought the size was OK.  However, when I played a DVD, it crashed.  Not a big deal, but the other reviews say the same.  If you're looking for an iPod, try buying an iPod from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this item for a friend for his birthday. He needed it to play movies.  It doesn't work.  He also has an older TV with a DVI port that is used to connect it to his Mac, and it also does not work with this product.  I will not purchase any product with this issue again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this because I had a cheap laptop that I wanted to replace.  The screen was fine until I put a CD on it.  When the CD was playing, the screen would flicker and the laptop would not turn on.  I returned it and bought the HP Pavilion.  This screen is much better and the keyboard is much easier to use.  HP offers a nice rebate on their laptop computers so I might buy again.  You can get the HP desktop monitor which is a much better product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to purchase a new player for my husband, who lives in a small apartment with poor ventilation, but Amazon refused to ship a replacement player that could be used in his house.  We returned it to Amazon and they promptly sent a replacement to us with a very high failure rate.  The player was working fine before the unit died, but now it can't even play the first 10 songs on the disc.  I wouldn't buy it again.  Amazon does not even offer a replacement for this player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was great until the power adapter broke.  I would not buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product.  I have a HP printer that was manufactured a few years ago and has always worked well with the HP software.  This printer would not print anything.  The color is extremely low in the photos, and when I tried to print some documents, the printer refused to print.  It would print only a few pages at a time.  If you're considering buying this printer, I would be highly advise against it.  My advice to you would be to buy a HP ink cartridge or another brand that can print well.  A lot of HP customers have this problem with their printers, but it is not a serious problem for HP printers 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is not worth the money at all. I will not buy another one.  The card is very flaky and I have not had any success getting it working with Vista or XP.  I would never buy another product from a bad manufacturer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item in hopes it would work. I purchased it at Wal-Mart as a spare to replace the old, broken Sony player. Unfortunately, it does not. It does however have a better sound than the previous Sony player, which I bought for $10 cheaper! The problem is that the antenna is in the wrong position, making it impossible to receive FM radio stations. If you have an FM antenna, please keep it in the same position as the antenna on the Sony player and avoid this item! If you don't have an antenna, don't waste your money! I will not purchase this item again. It is more than likely not compatible with any of the other radios I have and I would not want to use it anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones have great sound, but have a terrible fit.  I'm a 32" female and I've tried several different sizes and they all seem to be way too small.  It is hard to even put them on, let alone listen to music.  Don't waste your money.  You can get better quality headphones at the same price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old Sony Walkman Mini did not have any problems with the CD player.  I bought this CD player because I wanted a smaller, cheaper player, and I'm not satisfied with it.  It is way to loud, it cuts out some songs when I play them loud, and it is very unreliable.  There's no way I would purchase this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This radio is not even functional.  The sound is terrible.  There is no way to select stations without using a remote.  I will never purchase this product again.  Save your money and buy a different radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for 4 months and I can tell you that I do not like this product.  The signal strength is OK, but I have been experiencing problems with it's ability to find a good signal.  I purchased this product because of the good reception I received from my previous Samsung product, the S6NU, but it's not quite the same.  It is very weak in my house (on my kitchen TV) and I cannot get the signal to come in.  Now, I am not an electronics expert, so I don't know exactly why this is, but my assumption is that it's because it's an antenna.  If this is the case, then I'm sure there are a million other people who have the same problem and they could probably get a better antenna at a good electronic device like this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was cheap, and it was advertised as an FM transmitter.  But the reception is not very good.  It is more like FM reception with a weak FM signal, which is a little disappointing because it is a lot more expensive.  I was hoping for better reception, but alas. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product from Amazon.com and was surprised when they shipped me the unit after 1 day and I had not received it.  I called Amazon customer service and they told me it was my fault.  Don't buy from Amazon if they don't do a good electronic device first.  Amazon's customer service is horrible.  My TV was delivered after one week but the product is still broken.  Very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thinking it would have a better range than my old Panasonic model.  It didn't.  I also thought it would be quieter than the old Panasonic.  Well, it isn't.The only good thing is that it's smaller and lighter.  But the volume is too low for my needs.  Don't waste your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the item but after few days the player is inoperable. I have to use the included remote to change the channel and the player itself is inoperative. I suggest you do not buy this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is ok but the sound is not. I have tried to make it work with the windows Media Center (VLC) and have had no success. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a good mp3 player.  You will want to keep it on a shelf for the sake of it's looks.  Don't buy this player. I have a Sony player which works great.  I bought this player thinking that it would be better.  It's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband and he used it to listen to music in the car. He really liked the sound but the sound quality is very weak. You can tell when you have this product on because the volume knob is very small and the speakers can't get loud enough for any serious listening. This product doesn't have a volume control and it doesn't work with your car's radio because the radio is set to a very high volume level. This item is a complete waste of money! Don't buy this if you want to listen with your radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item has an extremely high risk of damaging the sound card, and I have been told that there is no way to tell if the sound is damaged, which I believe is true. I have had my iPod mini with this product for two months now, and am still very unhappy with it. I am not going to purchase another product from Apple because of this problem 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for something better for my iPod, I was very pleased with the iPod shuffle and it lasted longer than I expected.  Now I want something better.  I had the old iPod nano and the earbuds did not last for more than a year.  This new iPod is way overpriced.  You will never get the battery life or durability of the old Nano.  Buy something from Amazon, Amazon is the best, the price is right and I will save you money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It isnt worth paying for the software to find the ip addresses. The product itself isnt very reliable, but it is an add-on so if you want to use it for the wireless connection it is worth it.  Don't buy this.  I bought this hoping that the software could find the addresses 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the money if you can get it for cheaper.  Only works on Windows XP but it can be installed on Linux, I guess.  I bought it from Amazon and it didn't even come with a USB cable to hook it up to my Windows PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an expensive product, but a poor one.  There is no way to set the speed of the printer, nor is there a way to print anything faster 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried all kinds of wireless routers and the Linksys is the worst one.  You can't send any of the signal to it and it doesn't have any of its features.  I don't have a lot of time on my hands to try new routers, so I'm going to stick with the Linksxes. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great for the price, but the remote itself is very hard to use. It is very slow and cumbersome to navigate around and search through menus.  The remote is very expensive, and not worth the trouble. I will never purchase a Canon product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is junk. I had to use a different antenna, and the reception is way better.  Don't buy this antenna if you plan to use it to receive DirecTV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this product for the past year.  The first time it worked I tried resetting it, and it did.  However, after that I had to do it every time I used the computer.  After that it did not work.  It's also very difficult to reset the CD player unless you have an AT&T phone line to reset it.  I would NOT recommend this product.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product worked OK for a couple of weeks, then it stopped working.  My CD player is an Sony CD player, so the Sony parts are a little harder to find in the parts section.  So, it might have been my fault, and I'm hoping that the company that made this product will help me get it to work again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife for her birthday. She liked it but the picture quality was not that great. The sound quality was ok but I thought it would have been much better if it was a little less bulky 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is a total piece of junk.  It's not worth the money because it's barely working with my ASUS M2A laptop.  I've returned it.  Don't waste your money on this.  Better to get a brand name card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not good.  There is no way to get the sound out of it.  I will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my Sony mouse as promised. However, I have since purchased a more expensive one, which is much better in every way. I am now wondering why Sony did not give me the option of a better mouse when the first one I purchased did not work.  It is very frustrating to have to return something because the customer service representatives do not understand what they are selling and what is required to complete the purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have 2 of these and they both fail to work. I will be returning them. I would never buy a Canon product from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD recorder is a piece of junk.  I lost my entire library because I forgot to remove it before leaving the house.  The only reason I bought this product is to use it to backup my home computer, which was already running a copy of Windows XP on it.  It has a crappy 1MB flash memory that will not last for a long time, and a mediocre CD-ROM drive.  If you plan to use this product to backup your computer, then do yourself a favor and buy a good CD-RW player.  Don't waste your money on this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these to replace my old power strip which had a bad connector.  The connector is quite fragile.  I would have preferred a different type of power strip 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product.  I got it for my wife and I to watch movies at home, and we did not get any signal from it.  The picture is really not good, and the sound is poor.  We will be returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will need to return the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only used this product twice and it is now obsolete. I wish it would come with a 2 year warranty.  I hope it is still available 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first attempt to hookup my new DVD player to the back of my car failed miserably.  The sound quality was OK, but the player's ability to receive the signals from my radio was non-existent.  I had to return it to Amazon for a refund.  Amazon's customer service department is notorious for its poor customer service, so I was rather surprised to receive a negative reply from a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this and I don't like it.  I have a Dell 1550 and an HP dv2000 and both have different color profiles and both work well.  So I was a little concerned.  However, it does not have a "manual" menu.  Instead, it uses a standard "light" menu which is very confusing.  There is no indication when you have a new setting or change to a setting.  For example, the "custom" setting of "light on" could be "on" and the "off" setting could be called "off".  It would be nice if it would have a manual option to use the "manually" mode.  And it would be nicer if it could be turned off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for several months, and then it stopped working.  It is the only one I have ever used that would not work with any of my other CD players, and it would not even work with my older player.  I've seen other people's reviews online about this, and they all agree that it is an expensive mistake.  Don't waste your money on it.  If you need to burn a DVD, just buy something better, like a player with a built-in DVD burner. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones don't fit my ears very well, but this is not the reason they are not fit.  I would have never bought this product if they were comfortable, or I was willing to invest a lot of money to improve the fit.i have a brand new pair of ear buds that I use regularly and do not have any problems with them. i don't have any suggestions on the design or construction of these ear buds other than to avoid them as much as possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked, but was very slow and could not record on any TV at all.  I return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a portable mp3 player with the same functionality as my ipod but smaller, and the mp3s in my store were all at least 5" and could barely hold any music. The player arrived with a small label on the bottom with the model number. The label does not even fit my ipods. It is too small to hold the player and is too big to hold my ipads. The mp3 players in my local stores are made of a much stronger plastic than this one. I returned it and got an ipod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this as a replacement for my original Sony receiver, and I was very disappointed in its performance.  First of all, the receiver doesn't have a memory slot to store discs, so when I insert a disc and pause the disc, I have to wait for the disc to be reset for the next disc to play.  The receiver also lacks a power input.  It is a great design and a nice addition to my stereo system, but if you want to use your CD player with your iPod, or even your MP3 player, then this receiver is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones don't have any protection.  The only way to protect them is to have ear plugs, but that doesn't really do any good since the earbuds are so close together.  So if you want to be safe, get a pair of real earbud headphones, like those by the Bose brand, which do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card did not work with my Windows XP/2003 64-bit system.  I had to purchase a new card for Windows XP, which I will not use until it works.  You will be using a new machine when this card is installed on your system.I will be switching to a Samsung card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very poor. I had to turn it down several times before I was satisfied. The sound quality was okay when the CD player was working.  The volume was too loud for the songs I was playing. I have had many of these products. I'm sure they all have some problems, but the quality of this product is unacceptable.  I will never purchase another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player works well for the small player I have, but I wanted a more feature rich player for my large home theater.  I'm not a big fan of the iPod dock and thought it might make sense to have a remote for the CD player, so I bought this product.  It works fine for the little player, but the iPod is too big to use with the remote.  If you want to use the iPod with the CD players you'll need an iPod adapter, which is included with this product but not included with the player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is not as advertised. there is a lot of static on the picture and the speakers sound awful.  i got rid of this product because i got the cheapest one i could afford 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would have given this a good review if it had worked well.  But it did not, and it is very annoying when I have to plug it in and then pull it out because the power is lost.  I hope the new model does better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm on a low budget and don't have any of the fancy features of my other brand, so this one was a big mistake.  It will not hold up to the heavy duty use I do with it.  I had to return it because of this.  If I had used the $20 adapter that comes with it, I wouldn't have had to do so.  The product is junk, save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work on Windows XP and it requires an additional driver to work on newer versions of Windows XP.  I did not buy it for the reason that it isnt compatible with Windows XP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD changer broke when I put it in the car.  It was a minor annoyance to have to return it to the dealer to get a replacement unit, but not really a big deal.  If I had a problem with the unit, I would be much more careful with the software.  The unit will not start if it has any programs running.  I have seen a lot of other people have the same problem with this unit, and there is nothing that can be done to prevent this 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is OK but if you want to use it for playing DVDs, you need a DVD player.  It does not have a disc player connection.  If you want it to be used to play DVDs, the software is not supported by this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is too long.  It is difficult to use on an indoor TV, even with the supplied antenna.  I am very unhappy with this product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work with the HP Pavilion notebook, which is manufactured from a different type of memory than the regular notebook.  The memory installed does not match the HP notebook.The product has an external power supply, but it is not included in the package.  HP's warranty doesn't cover this defect, so it's a very expensive repair job if you want to be able to use the HP computer at all.  I have had it for 6 months now and it still works, but I will be returning it because it is of no use to me anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is okay, but the card does not have an optical drive. I guess I have to get a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is terrible!  You will waste a lot of money on this antenna because of the low signal.  I spent a ton of money to get the SONI-CXD antenna from Amazon, and it was much better.  If you don't live in a big city or in an area where you can get good reception, I would go elsewhere.  This will ruin your signal. If you live in an apartment or apartment house and you want to get a decent signal, get a bigger antenna 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm on a new HP laptop and purchased the new HP wireless card with the ability to connect to either a wireless network or a cellular network.  The connection is great for a short while, but then the connection drops to a very low signal strength.  This is an issue with the new generation wireless cards because of a recent firmware update that is being pushed out by HP to the network owners.  I had purchased this card in November 2011, and now it's in August 2014, and the signal strength is not at the level that it was at at when I purchased it.  If you are having problems with this card, I suggest trying the HP WFP65A for the same coverage at a lower price.  HP has recently added support for this new generation of cards, but they have not done a thorough job of updating their firmware to support this newer hardware.  They still have a good support for their previous generation cards, which has the best signal strength out of all of the wireless cards HP offers.  Don't be suckered into buying the HP brand wireless cards unless you really know what you are doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this card for a year now and it's still not working.  The card itself is fine.  But it is a pain to replace the card with a different brand that is better, as they're both made by Sony.  I have a Sony NP-G700T with 512MB of RAM.  What I'm doing is putting it in my laptop and then plugging in the DVD burner which is connected to it.  You can see the burner and then press the power button to start the burner.  Then you have to wait for the computer to boot.  In my case, it takes about a minute.  Now, when the computer does boot, you get a black screen and then the DVD starts.  It's just a pain in the neck to keep it all together 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a free sample of this from Amazon, and it was great.  However, the remote is very hard to use, and the buttons don't feel comfortable, so I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very loud.  I used to have a Sony earpiece that worked fine.  This one does not.  It also has a very weak connection, which makes it harder to get a good signal from the receiver.  For my purposes, it's useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product a few weeks back and was not able to use it. The instructions on the web site for this product did not provide the information that the product is not compatible with the new Windows XP operating system. It is very easy to set up and use but the product does not work with the current version of Windows XP. I contacted the manufacturer and received an email back that said that I am not the only one who is having problems with this product. This is a very costly mistake by HP. I will not be purchasing this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried it with both Windows and Mac OSX and it worked ok on Mac but did not work on Windows. I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work.  The screen is dead.  You need to do something with your computer to get it to work.I bought it because it had a picture that was better than the Sony, and the price was right.  But I would not buy this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was a total failure for me.  After one month it started to act up and quit working.  It would go from a dead radio to an almost dead radio.  The sound is OK, but not the same as my other radios 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only case I have had that is not the standard one that comes with it. I have to take mine out of the box and hook it up to my computer.  It doesn't fit very well.  You have to be careful to not bend it up too much.  Don't buy this case unless you can find the case that comes standard with it that is compatible with your computer.I would not recommend this one unless you want to spend an extra $100 to get a standard case with a rubber coating on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this product for years.  It was just a few months ago when the power supply suddenly died.  I was very happy with the power supplies on my previous ones.  But this product failed me in a very big way.  The power supply was still working and I was able to get about 60-70% to a few PCs, but then I started noticing the power consumption going up and down dramatically.  As I thought I might have had a bad connection with my PC, I restarted the PC and it worked, but the power level was down again.  Now, I am having to deal with buying a new power supply to prevent my next power supply from dying 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't use the card in my laptop because I don' t have enough room for the 5.5GB memory card.The card does not work when the memory card is not in the laptop.  I had to use the computer's built in CD/DVD player to get it to work.The laptop's internal CD/CD-RW drive does not recognize the memory cards.  It was a waste of money for me to buy this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered 2 of these for my wife to use for her iPod.  They don't work at all with the iPod and are unusable on the first attempt at using them.  I returned them to Amazon.  Don't buy these.  If you're not willing to return them, I wouldn't buy them either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a plastic product, the case itself is a little cheap, the batteries don't last long and the sound is very poor, it is the cheapest case I've seen that's not the plastic case.  It is a big hassle to use this product, to insert it and find the power source, and when it's on and you turn it off, it loses all its power.  I returned mine because I didn't want to waste the money.  Buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card has the same specs as the Samsung Galaxy Note II (which has a larger memory), but is smaller and less stable.  The Samsung memory is faster and more stable. So it's a wash - we'll see what the new Samsung cards come with, but for now, the Sony is the best choice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will be wasting your money on this. It isnt a big deal to say they are only a little scratchy. But for my HP Pavilion at the time it was the only thing I could find that would work.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this item because the store had it in stock and it was a good price.  Unfortunately, it is not an ideal product.  First, I found that the product name on the label was incorrect.  The product has a label that reads "Warranty Card" and not "WPS."  I also noticed that it has two connectors which were not included with the product. (One is for a battery and the other is for an antenna.)  In addition, the product doesn't have an on/off switch, so if you have the product plugged into an outlet, you'll need to remove the antenna to use it.  I really wish I had not bought it because it is a waste of money.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my daughter as a replacement for a Sony MP3 player, and was very disappointed with its performance. I returned it to Sony, but it is back with a full refund.  It is a little slow, but I can't imagine that it is anything like the Sony MP4 player that I bought a few years ago 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this for my wife and she loves it.  We haven't used it yet, so we can't tell how much it would cost to have a replacement shipped to us from Amazon.  But since it's a Samsung product, we'll just have to wait for the replacement 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card, thinking that it was an excellent product and that it would not break my Sony DVD player. The card just kept dying after a couple of months.  I returned it and purchased a new Sony player that was a little more robust.  However, it will NOT work with this card anymore.  Sony has just stopped supporting this product.  Hopefully Sony will release a replacement product that will work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product in March and installed it the very next day.  I have since used it twice.  The first time I plugged it in and it worked perfectly.  Now the second time I have plugged it and it just doesn't work.  It won't connect to the network at all and won't go through the normal setup process.  My ISP told me to return it and not waste my money.  Well, now I am having problems with it at home.  If it's connected to my network at home and it's a network that I can access at work, then it will always connect.  In other words, the only way I can see it working is if it is connected to the Internet 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use to use it for my laptop and it did not work on my first try. I tried it again on a second try and it is still not working. I will be looking at another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was advertised to have an LCD with a glossy finish.  The LCD had the finish but not the color.  I have not been able to get the product back.  In addition to that, I have had difficulty getting the product to turn on the second time since receiving it.  Finally, the unit was shipped with a 1-year warranty.  It would be nice to have a more accurate product from an authorized seller 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this because of the reviews, but I have found that it has been unreliable.  The unit stopped working after I bought it and the unit shipped to me was defective.  So I'm looking for a replacement.  But I'm afraid it might be the only problem I have with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the CD player is a piece of junk. i used it for 2 years and it died every 6 months or so. i bought new player from Amazon for 50 bucks and it is way better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The earphone was great, but it had to be returned because it did not fit my head. I thought I had ordered a wrong size earphone, and the manufacturer's warranty did not cover the replacement cost of the earphone. I have contacted the manufacturer to see if I can get a refund for the earphones. I also have the original earphone which worked fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was a low cost item and it worked.  It worked well for a while, then it started failing and shutting down.  I had to buy a new printer just to get it to work again.  The problem is that the ink cartridges don't last that long.  My old one lasted 2 years. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones were advertised as being able to support up to 300 hours of music.  I only used about 40 hours before they stopped working.  This is a total waste of money.  It only lasted about 15 hours on an average.  Don't waste your money on these.  Get a pair of real headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not a big deal to have to carry extra batteries with you when traveling. The problem is that the included charger does not work with my battery.  You will have to purchase a different charger if you want to recharge your batteries while they are in the car.  In addition, the battery does not last very long.  If you want a longer life for your batteries, get a charger with a battery life indicator. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a portable mp3 player that was compact, portable, and did not require a power adapter 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this for a Christmas gift.  I was very disappointed in the sound quality, the fact that it is no longer in stock and the fact the price has gone up.  Don't waste your money on this, don't buy this item, you'll get better quality for your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this product for many years. The only thing that could be improved is the sound quality. I've had it for over 5 years, but the sound has never gotten any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD drive is very slow, but the CD player itself is not.  I have two of them, both have the same problem and I don't think there is anything the manufacturer can do about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a bad product.  I had a hard time getting it to work with the Mac Mini (the mini-computer with Windows XP installed) that I bought.  The first thing that you will notice is that it won't work properly on your Mac Mini.  You have to boot up and get a splash screen and then the connection is broken.  Don't waste your money on this product. I was able to get it to function by using the built-in software from the manufacturer that allows you to customize the wireless connection between your Mac and the router.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not a power bank.  It has a different look from the other power banks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product as a replacement for my old DVD player, and it was a mistake.  It does not work with any DVD discs, and the menus don't work with them either.  You can only get to them by pressing "A" on your remote to get to the menus, which is very inconvenient and not user friendly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the previous owner had the same thing and had it fixed.  I'm sorry, but I don't think this is a reliable product, unless you can get it to play on an ipod with the same model.  There's an LCD on the front of the radio, but it's so small that you need to turn it up to get a clear image 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not sure what to say about this, but I'm a big fan of the Sony MP-V1 for my camcorder.  I wanted a new recorder that I could record faster and louder than my previous model.  The MP-1000 is not that.  It's way too slow, and I have to turn the recorder on very frequently to get the sound to record.  Also, it doesn't have a battery backup, so I have no way to record while the power is off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product for an Apple Mac.  The internal components are very flaky.  If your Mac is slow, this will slow your computer.  It is also very loud when used with headphones 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Sony PCE 6400D with a Canon S9500i. I needed a replacement and had a little trouble finding a generic name. I also had some issues with the connection of my iPod and the Sony receiver. I got a replacement Sony PCL6500A and the connection is much better.  If you don't want to be fussy with a specific brand of receiver, you will not get much from this unit.  I'd rather get a generic Sony receiver with the Sony PCl6500. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping this would work but it has NOT. I have been trying for 2 days now with no success.  If you have problems with your printer and want to get it fixed then please do so 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i just bought this product and when i installed it i found out that it wasnt supported with Windows XP (which is installed by default) and it wouldnt work with XP anymore. i cant find any support for this product anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My HP ink cartridge stopped writing and I had to replace it.  The ink cartridge did not work with the printer that I bought for the printer.  It also has a very high cost.  I was looking at several printers with the HP cartridge, and I saw several with the same problem.  HP should be very careful with their ink cartridges.  They should be returned to them with no questions asked 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm pretty new to this type of product and I was disappointed with the lack of support and the fact that the product is so small. I will never buy another Panasonic product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The case looks cool but the sound is terrible. It sounds like the speaker is not even connected to the speakers at all.  I had to remove the speakers from the case in order to get them to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a replacement from Amazon for my faulty D-Link DVD burner and am very disappointed.  The unit I purchased as a replacement does not have the "burn" button that I was expecting, which means it does not function as a DVD burner.  I do not know why Amazon sent me a defective product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very low quality product.  It doesn't fit the car perfectly, it makes the speakers a lot louder than I like, and it is very slow.  This product will not be my new car's main system anymore.  Don't buy this product if you want it to be a system for your car, you will be wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth the price I paid. I bought it because I was going to put it to work in the field, but when I got it in the house it started making strange noises. I couldn't figure out how to turn it off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return the product because it wouldn't work.  It didn't have a CD changer or an FM radio.  I don't think this is the only thing they have done wrong.  My next purchase will be from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not worth the price to buy the case because it isnt as good as the Sony case that is $30 cheaper 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had mine for about 2 months. I bought the antenna at Amazon and installed it. It worked for a while, but now it is inoperable.  The antenna is on the wrong side of the case.  It is not possible to get the antenna to transmit on the right side of this case.If you have an antenna on this case and you want it to transmit, it is not a good antenna. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had to return this item several times. I have seen some other reviews that have had similar problems. I think they were because the unit has a different color than the picture. I bought this unit because I have always had to have my DVD player to work, even if the remote is on the floor. Now I am returning it because I do not want to have to deal with it anymore. It is a piece of junk. I do have an older Panasonic DVD player that works without any problems. Don't buy this. It's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card worked for the first few weeks then stopped working. The next one that I bought (which also worked) stopped working after just 2 months.I hope this card gets replaced with something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace an older iPod that had been in the closet for 3 months and finally died.  The player works great, but it is so flaky that you might want to consider the older model.  I haven't tried the new one, but I did find the same problem on mine.  Overall, the player is a bit pricey, but if you have a newer iPod I'd try and avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work at all and the battery lasts just a few days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this because of its size and that it was "cheaper" than the iYM-X4's I was using at the time. I got the "green" version.The "blue" version worked perfectly and was less expensive.  I am currently on my third pair of this product and the product will not hold my ipod. I will be returning them to Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked for the first few months but has started to go out of stock for the sake of the few people who still have it.  I'm not sure what they could have done to make it work in the first place.  Buyer beware.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not have any options to set the maximum number of simultaneous connections.  I did not even try it because I do not have that much to connect at once, and the router was not very fast at setting up all the connections. It is a very poor piece of kit.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had mine for about 5 months and have tried to get it to work with both Win XP and Win7. It doesn't work with Win XP!  I've been through at least 7 different brands of DVD players and have had no success with any of them.  It's an absolute piece of junk!  It was never recognized and wouldn't let me play any of my DVDs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this item and after 2 weeks the unit still has not arrived.  The unit will not work on my Windows XP system.  I will return it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The antenna is small, not sturdy and the receiver works better on an antenna shorter than the one I'm using.  I wish I hadn't bought this.  You have to use a different antenna to get reception.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very poor. i did not get any better reception with the antenna. i have returned this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Canon MP-C1 that I love.  I bought this cable from Amazon for my Sony Xperia Z1.  It's okay, but it is far too short for my Xperia Z.  The MP-T20V cable is too short to hold the Z1, and the Sony earbuds also don't work with it.  Amazon doesn't sell longer cables, so I'm going to try a different brand from Amazon that does.  That's a little frustrating.  But the MP-Z10V is better.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the "S-Mec" wireless system at first.  After some time with it, I noticed that the sound quality was horrible.  The volume was way too loud.  I would never use it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio is not working with my Toyota Corolla 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work at all with my Netgear DIR865 router. I tried using it with the Netgear firmware update, and it would not work. It just stopped working and I had to reset it and try it again. It does not even work with the default firmware, so I am not sure if this is a Netgear problem or a router problem. I would not buy this product again, unless I have another Netgear router to try it with 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i purchased this item thinking it was an ipaq player.  it does not come with an ipad mini and it is not advertised as such 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my new Philips DVD player about a week ago and it broke within a week of delivery.  It is now on backorder.  I'm very disappointed in Philips and their customer service.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a professional photographer and this card did not perform well in terms of performance.  The photo I took with it did not turn out well and it was taking over 10 seconds to load photos and other photos.  I wish I had gone with a better card. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a Canon Epson printer for over a year now.  I'm so happy that the HP ink cartridges I bought at Wal-Mart don't run out.  But my new printer, not being as new, ran out of ink in less than a month.  The HP cartridges are only 1/4 the price, so it's understandable that this would happen 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product does not work.  The cd is a little bit too small.  You need to use the big ones.  I don't know why they made it so big...   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife to use on the radio in her Honda Accord. The product arrived broken, and after contacting Sony, was sent back with the repair fee waived.  I will never buy from Sony again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a plastic antenna, not an RF antenna.  it does not work well with an ipod with the mp3 player.  i had it set up for the ipod, but i had to reset the antenna for it to work with the ipOD player. i don't recommend this product.  buy something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is OK, but it is a pain in the ass to use the remote with this product.  The buttons have to be pressed and held down and not just to navigate.  If you like a wireless mouse, this is a great product.But the remote is junk.  I've had several, and I find the same problems with them as well.  For the price of this mouse, you can get a better product, so buy something better than this mouse.  Don't buy this mouse if you want a mouse that works and doesn't make a big fuss in the middle of your house 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping to get a better case for my PDA.  I have had other PDA's from the same company (Dell), but this one is the worst.  The top has a big hole where the battery should be.  If you don't know what you're doing with your PDA, it won't work very well.  Don't buy this one, it is a big waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the unit with the hope that it would provide a good wireless connection. However, the performance is not as advertised and I have been unsuccessful in getting it to connect to the radio, even when I have the radio connected to my laptop via an Ethernet cable.The unit is poorly made and has an unpleasant design. It is also very hard to get a clear signal. It also does not have a clear name and does not come with an external antenna. It does not fit my laptop well. I will be returning it. The unit is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item as a spare to replace my previous Canon C300 which had failed to work with the same printer.  I have a Canon C700 with a slightly different ink cartridge that works fine with this product.  It was not advertised to be compatible with this printer, but the packaging didn't say anything, so I bought it anyway.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to hook up my HP printer to the network, and it never worked. The first time I tried it, I could see the HP logo, and I could print from there, but the program stopped printing and I couldn't get it to reconnect to the net again.  The second time I hooked it up, it worked but the print job was a bit off.  It took forever to finish printing and only then did it start printing again. So I can't recommend this for printing anything, because it just never worked!  It was a total waste of money, and just one of the few I've bought that didn't work! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is ok, but the installation was slow and I did not like the fact that I could not remove the batteries, since the batteries were in the radio.  I returned the product and will never buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife's laptop. It does not work with her CD player.  I will return it and purchase a different brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is okay but for me the product itself is not worth it.  I have had to replace the product 2 times now, first for the product to not turn on, and then for the fan to go out of service after a bad review about the product.  For example, after 1 week of usage, my fans are dead.  Don't buy this product if you want a product that can only be replaced after 1 month of use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would not recommend this product.  My system was a complete mess after installing the software.  The radio stopped working, and I have no idea why.  It's completely useless, so I'm returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My TV was working well for a while until I bought this one.  Then it wouldn't start any new programs.  It would just turn off and not work at all.  I returned it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very low quality product.  Don't buy this unless you want to try and record a bad digital signal from your computer.  There is a lot of interference on the signal when you record in your office, and the product itself doesn't seem to work very well with Windows Media Center 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my iPod (no, I did not order the right size) in less than a month, so I can not review it anymore.  The iPod is not compatible with the iPod mini (not even remotely), and the case is so flimsy that the screen gets torn off when you hold it.  I am sure there are better cases, but this one will do. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this CD case for my Canon 1Dx digital camera and I am now looking for a replacement because the plastic is starting to show signs of wear.  I have had my Canon for only 2 months now and I'm very concerned about the durability of this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works as advertised.  Unfortunately, its a little flaky and unreliable, and the case that it comes with is cheaply made.  Buy a nicer electronic device instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought a second pair of these batteries and the first ones were broken.  Don't buy these if you want to use the same battery in your other electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased this product for several months now.  I find it to be a pain in the rear for me to keep it charged and I have had to return it  several times.  The product will die before I have a chance to use it.  It will run out of power and it will require a power converter or plug in the power source to keep the computer running.  This product is simply not worth the money for a cheap product.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use on the road, since she had problems with other iPods that she used on the same drive.  The product worked very well until the car broke, and now it is impossible to use.  This is a bad product, I would NOT recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was not installed properly.  The connector was not properly attached to the connector holder.  I had to return it and purchase another product.  Don't waste your money on this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This cable is a piece of junk.  If you are looking for a USB cable for a portable device, get a real cable.  Don't waste your money on this piece of plastic.  It will not work with the iPod or any of the other models 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't know if I bought the wrong model, but they all have the same problem.  I'm not getting any response from them.  They just keep on turning off and on.  Don't buy these.  If you want to have a remote that will keep you from having to keep it on all the time you'll want something with better response from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio does not work with this antenna. The antenna is too far away from the radio and will not transmit.  I have never had a bad antenna, so I am not sure why this one is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the DVD player in January 2005 and it has not worked since the end of March 2006.  The DVD player has broken down.  It was replaced in January 2008.  I am looking for an  replacement, but no one I know of has a broken DVD player.  My recommendation is to buy something from a different company 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed when I bought this item, as I had other higher rated models in the same price range (i.e. HP Compaq CX300).   I will never buy a HP product again! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because the previous model I had worked for an entire week and still had a lot of memory.  This one is a complete failure.  The card I have now is crashing constantly and the memory card I use is nearly unusable.  Don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CD player is not very easy to use and requires a lot of tweaking to get it working.  I also had to reset the CD player each time I wanted to use it and I think this was a problem with the manufacturer.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned an HP CD player for a couple of years and it was a nice feature, but this product was not working at all. I have used it with both Mac and Windows XP and both OS's will NOT play the CD's that I have inserted into it.The only reason that I am using it is that it is the only CD player that I know of that will work on both Windows and Macs. I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife got it on eBay and now we are on a new electronic device with the same issue.  The picture quality is worse than the picture is on the CDRom that came with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is very bad and the fact that it can't hold the battery is a big deal, and I wouldn't buy it again.  The product does not have any instructions about how to charge the battery, so I'm not sure how to do so 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is made by a major electronic device manufacturer. I would not recommend this item unless you are willing to accept the risk of the item being defective 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product description does not include any mention of a 5V/2A output, so I have to assume that it is only available for 5V2A or 5V1.5A outputs. If you have 5V and 2A outputs, you will have to use a separate power supply to provide the 5V output to the printer.  I would have liked to have received a 5v/2.5v output option, so this product is not very usable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this product for my printer to print.  But, when I use the software to print something really small, it does not have any support to print over and over.  I am looking at buying another product because the support is not there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use to record her and her son in their bedroom.  The recording quality was not as I expected, however the volume controls were not as easy to use as they should be 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card worked for a short time.  Now it is permanently damaged and useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is for 2 CD's.  It works well for about 2.5 hours then it starts dropping data.  The product works fine if you want to have a 1 CD drive with it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not going to waste my money on this because the speakers are very low quality. The sound is very weak and it doesn't get any louder with a larger number of people listening. I'm looking at buying another brand instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product to record all my HDTV and other home electronics.  It was not an easy installation, and it has been difficult to get all the right settings.  I would not buy this product again.  The instructions are poor, the product is not very reliable, and the sound is very poor.  If you are looking to record a lot of things, this product is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a Samsung HDTV and I wanted to be able to stream all of my movies and TV shows from my laptop to it. I tried several of the various streaming options and the only one I liked was Google Play Movies. But it was only available in the US. I couldn't find it in Australia.  I was able to find it on Amazon Australia 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The headphones do not fit the size of my ears, but I'm willing to try the ones in the box since they look like they might fit. I'll see how they perform in a few days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was hoping for something better.  But the case is not padded.  I had to take it apart to get the cords out.  The headphones sound okay, but they don't fit right 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this card is a piece of junk, it has a bad fan.  buy something better and save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The remote seems to be a bit of a mess. It is really hard to find the correct channel and sometimes it doesn't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has a very short life span, the CD player will not work on batteries or in any condition other than "dry".  I have no idea how it works when it is "full".  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product is OK but it has a major flaw. I don't know if it is because of the cable, the box itself or both but it just doesn't work.  I have to unplug the power cable before it will start. I have 2 box sets and I have had them both go out after 10 mins.of trying to power them up. The second box went out within 15 mins. and the first one after 2 mins.The problem was not with the box but the cable that was used to connect the box to the computer.  It is a very cheap cable with not enough strain relief for it to work. The problem is the same as with the original product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a way to have a portable CD player and I was disappointed.  My unit would sometimes only play the first song in a CD, leaving me with only the first few seconds or so to listen to the rest of the CD, or it would quit playing altogether when I tried to turn it off.  It does have an FM radio though, so if you want to listen FM and you don't want to keep the player on the road you can just listen to FM.  If you're listening to a CD that is less than an hour long then this is not a bad unit.  I had to return it and buy something else.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure why they are making them like this. I have bought and returned a few of them and had no problems. The first time I was not able to get it to work. I am sure there are some people out there who are having this problem. I would not purchase them again. I hope Amazon takes notice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a newbie with this product and I have not been able to get the software to load in my Dell S2400.  The picture is very grainy and the sound is barely audible.  I had a Canon EOS 20D for two months and the picture is sharper and the screen is clear and clear with very little noise.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this item for a couple of years. I have it in my pocket when I ride, but I never really expected it to be able to hold any data for long.  I did not really think the capacity of the card would be able hold anything when I first got it.  It turns out that it is not able to do that.  The first time I tried to write a negative about a defective item, I tried a different card.  My card worked fine for about 3 days before it started to freeze.  By the time I got it to work, it was in the freezer.  So for the first couple of months, I just didn't use it. I just put it in the bag and put it away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my wife, it is too big for her, but the antenna is a piece of junk. i dont use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money!  This is a bad product.  I returned it and now I'm looking for another one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The radio will not connect to the vehicle.  I've had this radio for less than a year and the only reason it works is that I had it connected to my car's computer (PC) at all times.  It is soooo difficult to find a radio that works with my vehicle without my computer!  I can't even consider buying a radio with a CD player that does not require the computer.  So, I return it and get a different radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is not very strong.  The picture quality is acceptable, but the reception is very weak.  It works great if you are in a bad radio station and you are within 100 miles of a major city.  Otherwise, it is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used the product it was just fine.  But now after 5 months I have a dead card.  The card is not a Lexar but is from Sony.  I am a Sony customer service representative 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the P2VIP for my daughter's ipod, and we had trouble getting it to work.  I called Apple support, and the rep said it would be no problem to exchange it for a working one, so I got it.  We didn't even have it out of the box, and now it won't work.I think I will never purchase this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get a 1GB memory card in the box, but it is not included. I can't get it to install, it just gives up on me. The software is buggy and slow and doesn't allow you to select the correct software. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy these unless you are willing to spend $200+ on them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the unit for about two months now.  I do not use it often, so I am not sure if the problems with it are normal, or if it is simply defective.  The picture quality is not very good.  It is not an IPS monitor, and its color reproduction is not as bright as I would like.  As far as reliability goes, I have not experienced any problems.  So I am looking at a return of this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card did not work at all.  We had to return it.  Don't waste your money on this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like the fact that this product does not have a battery life indicator.  It is an add-on item to keep track of the batteries' charge.  I can't even plug my iPod into this iPod without it having a battery indicator. (Which is why I didn't purchase it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a big fan of this product, but I do have the older version that has worked fine for many years.  Now that it is out of warranty I'll have to replace it with something better 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Toshiba Satellite P2 that I use for both my work and personal computers. I've had problems with the unit on the two computers I've used it on. First, I did not like the fact that the software that I used to change the battery life from 24 to 48 hours ran out after only an hour or so, so I decided to replace it with the HP MediaPort that I have.  After doing so, my computer started shutting down because it could not complete any more processes.  The HP MediaLink was fine for my personal use, but I decided it was a waste of money to use it on the computers that I had to use at work.  So I am now using the Toshiba ACD1000S, which is exactly the same product but with the exact same HP MediaPORT software to change battery life, and the HP software that was available at the time.  I hope this will help me avoid another problem that I encountered when I tried to change my computer's battery, and I hope HP will release a new software to fix this problem in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I don't like this product. It doesn't fit well in my car, and the antenna is so far away from the radio. I'm looking for a better antenna. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter's room, but it didn't work very well. I have the same model as the one I had for her, so I assume it's a different one. It's been 2 months and I still can't get it to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Canon T3D, and when I use the card with this printer, I have to constantly unplug the printer to reset it. The card itself is ok, but it does not work well with this machine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst thing I've ever bought.  It takes forever to start and when it does, it hangs on the desktop.  If I could rate it 5 stars I would.  Don't buy it if you want to have a quick start 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have tried several brands and am still looking for a good quality CD player.  The Sony is the only one I have so far to have issues with.  I had a bad one at first, but it worked after about a week or so.  It worked with a DVD player in my car but the remote control didn't work with the DVD player.So I'm returning this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it looked good at the price, but it did not perform. I would not recommend this to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't waste your money. I've had two of these batteries and both failed. The first one lasted two months and the second lasted three months. I will never buy another one of these. They're expensive, not worth the hassle to replace 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this item was supposed to be a 5 star item.  unfortunately, it is not.  the CD player is just plain junk.  its not reliable.  I will not be buying any more from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These cards are junk.  The only reason I bought them was because of the name.  I have used them several times, and have gotten a couple of them to fail.  They have a very small amount of space for the software.  These would have been a waste of my money if I had found a good brand of memory card, which was available at the time.  It would have made a huge difference in my computer, and I'm sorry I wasted my money on these.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is not as advertised.  The card does not support any kind of wireless connection.  I'm not sure why it's not listed on the website.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for an iPod with a decent sound system but not too much weight to it. The first one I bought cost me $200 which I thought was a great deal. The second one was too heavy to hold it and I couldn't use it because I had to put it down. The one I had bought was a complete disappointment. The sound quality is terrible. The speakers aren't even that strong, which makes them useless for listening to music. I bought the original Apple iPod, which had a much better sound quality and was well worth it. I will never buy an Apple iPod again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will not get a positive review about this product: The only reason I gave it a negative is because the product is not compatible with my printer. I tried it with both HP and Canon printers. Both HP printers do not work with the software and will not output anything unless I remove them from the printer. The software to support the product will not be released for this product. If I could do something about it I would 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that can be positive is the sound quality.  However, the software is not user friendly and is VERY slow, especially when loading songs in and out of the player.  The remote does not have any options to speed up or slow down the playing of the song.  I will not purchase this product again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not rated.  The software to use it is extremely outdated, is not fully supported, and does not provide any functionality for the CD player to record from the CDs it contains.  It is an absolute waste of money.  Buy a better player.  For an extremely cheap $40, I think this one is a bit of a rip-off.  I'm giving it away.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You can see the video signal coming from the antenna, but not the signal strength. The antenna is not strong enough to get you the maximum signal strength possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this at a local electronic device store.  I'm not sure why they gave me the product, as it's not listed on Amazon.  Amazon says the product is available in all the right colors.  However, it's only available in a white version.  It's hard to believe they are not being sold by Amazon!  Amazon customer service does not answer my emails very well 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My product did not work, i used the manual to install it and it would not work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed in the purchase of this product. I have no problems with my DVD player but it did not work with the CD player, CD changer, or cassette player.  The player did play the cassette but not the CD.  This is a serious problem, I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a cheap option for my iPod, and I couldn't find any.  So I bought this.  The only problem is it doesn't have any "stand" to keep it in place while it's being played.  If you have any difficulty with the iPod getting to your side when playing, you can get it back to "stand by" by turning the iPod off and on again.  But I wouldn't recommend this product for anything.  Don't waste your money on this product.  I'm not sure if the iPod is a mini player or not, but this product is clearly not sturdy enough to hold it up 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these in store for my son to use.  He did not like them at all.  We will not buy these again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these at Walmart for $20.00 (with free shipping).  These earphones do not fit my ears.  I am looking for a different brand and maybe a better fitting pair of earphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no problems with my Toshiba portable mp3 player.  But when it came time to use it I noticed that the buttons could be slightly too sensitive.  I have the Sony PSX-X200 and I was really hoping for a better electronic device.  The buttons are on the right side of the player, which is not a great place to press.  On the PSX I have an extra set of buttons on the top to make it easier to press the right buttons 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not much help, just an annoying electronic device that won't work with the ipod nano.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great. However, it is only a 50MB player, and is only able to hold 1,000 songs. I am looking for a 50,000 song player with a CD player, that is capable of holding 1,500,000+ songs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  We had it installed in our printer and it did not work.  Don't buy it!  It is a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had these batteries for about 6 months and have yet to see any real use. I have the cheapest possible batteries and they have lasted for 5 months.  They last longer when the battery is warm.  However, they only last about 5 to 6 hours.  If you like the battery but wish it would last longer I would buy a lower wattage battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been very disappointed with the quality of the iPaq. I have had 2 of them since they were purchased and they both failed to work and would not boot into OSX. I wish I would have waited for the iMac with built in DVD player so I could get this one out of the system. I am still a customer, however, but I would NOT purchase this again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was thinking of buying this because it was cheaper than the other brands, but I had to return it because of my other cables. I had already purchased the cables and adapters, but still couldn't get it to work.  Don't buy these unless you really need them to work with your mouse, which is a rare case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the Sony CD player that had broken.  I got it in a week or so later and it is a complete waste of money.  It is too small and it lacks any kind of sound.  There is a lot of vibration in the speakers.  The sound quality is worse than the Sony player.  You should get a better player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a HP Pavilion PowerEdge PXE printer that has a "smartprint" feature that allows you to print from your home printer to your HP laptop via the network.  The printer had an ink cartridge that had dried up after one use, causing the printer to stop printing, so I had to take the cartridge out and replace it with a new one.  In addition, I had a problem with the ink cartridge being too thick, and I had also noticed the ink flow in the direction of the ink, which led to the paper curling in the paper.  I would suggest not purchasing this product unless you are willing to have it repaired by HP 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had purchased this product for my wife for her to use on her laptop to play movies.  We did a few tests and it just didn't work.  The video worked in both Windows Vista and Windows XP but the sound was off.  I returned it and got the cheaper Panasonic DV-A2000 DVD player which works just as well.  Now I am looking for a better player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this product for 2 months. I have had problems with it. I cannot turn it on without it turning on, and it won't stay powered on without the power being cut off. It does have a power port, but it is only accessible by pressing a button on the side of the unit. I don't know if it is just me, but the unit is too small for an iPod, and the buttons don't work well enough to get the volume up/down buttons to work. It is also not waterproof. The product was advertised as being waterproof, but not for this price! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought 2 of these and they are not very reliable. I have had problems with both mine and my friend's. The unit started working but quit and wouldn't go to sleep.The unit was not connected to my laptop so I couldn't test it, but I did try to use the unit with another laptop and it worked. I'm disappointed in the design of this product, it's not very user friendly, not as cool as the more expensive products. I don't recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed in the radio. I use it mostly for the FM reception and have never had it work properly.  I had to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these to replace an old Panasonic 12.1 cd player that failed after only 2 months. I expected to be able to watch movies in the dark, but it turns out that this player does not have an optical output.  It is completely useless for watching movies in complete darkness, and I now have to buy an external DVD player for my next electronic device.I would not recommend this player to anyone, as the lack of an optical input makes it totally useless for the purpose of watching movies!  I'm going to return it to Amazon for a refund, and am very disappointed in their customer service 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The picture is terrible.  If you use the picture on your ipod with any sensitivity, this will NOT work.  I would never buy a camera that was not picture quality.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been trying to find the iPod Mini with a larger battery for my new Sony mp3 player.  I did a search on Amazon.com and found a Sony mp2 player that also included a battery that was compatible.  Now I have a larger iPod Mini, but I will be replacing the battery with a Samsung battery that is smaller.  The mp2 is great, but the battery is too small for my mp3, which is the main reason I bought this product.  Hopefully I will find a better battery in the future, but for now I will have to find a battery from Sony or someone else to get the mp2 to run in my car 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Dell Inspiron 7500 was damaged after only two weeks. The fan stopped working, but not before I replaced the power supply. The laptop had been sitting in the machine for a year or so. The fans are no longer functioning. The replacement fan was fine until the computer stopped working. I'm sure I'm not the only person who's had a bad fan in a laptop 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife and I have had this product for less than a year now.  I can't believe it could be so cheaply made.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These are not what I expected at all. I had been looking for something that would keep my ipod and mp3 player from falling apart.  These just broke after I had tried playing for an hour or so.  I have had other products that were as durable and well made as this one.  Please don't buy these 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card does not work with Windows XP (I do not have the version of XP with this card).  The driver is very slow.  The card is not compatible with XP's native disk formatting.  I have tried both the Microsoft Windows XP CD and the Ubuntu version of Linux (Ubuntu 11.04).  In both cases, the disk format option was disabled.  Do not buy this card unless you have a genuine Microsoft Windows 7 installation disk.  If you do, you will get a great deal more performance from an equivalent Kingston card.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used the product I was totally disappointed.  It was an instant mess.  If you are buying this product to use a scanner you will need to buy a new one.  I have had several in the past 6 months that have not been able to scan.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Don't buy this product.  Don\'t buy this.  I don\'t use it.  If you do use it you will have to buy the "Superior" version of this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I have an older Canon Epson printer that's not supported by Canon's new software.  I don't know why Canon stopped supporting this, but since it's an older printer, it may not run well with the latest firmware (11.05) of the product line.  This is a shame, because it was advertised as being supported by 11.05. The software (S5CX) is a total disaster.  It can't open PDFs, or even open a simple Microsoft Word document with any kind of clarity or accuracy.  If you have an Adobe Acrobat reader, be prepared to have to re-open Adobe's document every time you save a page!  I had to turn off the feature completely in order to have a normal functioning printer.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased these cables for my Sony digital cam, which I use for shooting videos.  After about 3 months of use, they began to get stuck on the screen and needed to be unplugged.  It's not a big deal since you can just pull them out of the socket.  But since they are so cheap and easy to lose, I returned them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just returned this item. It is a shame because it is the best antenna I've ever used. However, it is very sensitive to the signals and it can't tune in the correct direction with any frequency. I tried several different antenna types, including a cheapie from Amazon.com, and the best one is the Sennheiser brand.The reception is very poor for the band I use (2.5Mhz) and the reception is worse for the higher frequencies (40Mhz).I also have a Sony radio, which has better reception, and it is only $30.00 less. The antenna is not worth the $40.00 I paid for it.If you want to receive FM signals, buy a radio with a more powerful antenna. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product does not work on my Sony A900.  I was advised to contact Sony.  But they don't have any way to contact me.  The only way I can get it to work is to call Sony customer service, because I do not have their number 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You will get more than 2 channels at half the price if you buy this, but the picture quality is lousy.  I've had to buy an external antenna to get my picture to look good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is made to be compatible with any type of DVD.  But, if you want to burn a DVD to a blank CD or DVD and use it with the DVD recorder (which it does), then you must burn it to a single disc.  It is not an option to burn multiple DVDs to the same disc and the product does not support burning of discs that are not made to play with it.  The product is useless.  Buy another product that works, such as the Toshiba DVD player or the Sony DVD recorder 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've tried them on several of my computers, and it is a complete waste of money.  It does not record and is very slow, so I would not recommend this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter's birthday and it is not usable. The software to get it to work is broken and the product is not even the right size for my Sony VAIO S. It is much smaller than I expected. I am not sure if I got a bad item. I returned it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is an old piece of junk. i would suggest getting something better than this and buying a more recent one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The cd player doesn't play CDs and it's impossible to eject the CDs. I just got it because it was on sale. It is not worth the money. It was in my husband's car for 10 minutes while we were driving and then he just threw it away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item and when it started it had a problem. It would not play any CDs.  The software to get it working was not intuitive and I am not sure how to recover it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use the iMac G5 in the front office and use it only for browsing. The mouse has a rubber pad that slides around the trackpad. It does a poor job of grip and has a tendency to slide down the track pad to where it is not safe. The trackpad is also quite sensitive. I'm considering switching to the Logitech MX 5 Pro because it has an adjustable mouse pad, rubber grip, and the trackpads are not so sensitive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's laptop.  We both tried it, and the sound quality was OK.  The problem is that it is very sensitive to ambient noise.  I'm listening to it in the living room, and when I turn it off, the volume goes from low to high within seconds.  It is a major problem because we have a small child, and it's a little bit too loud in there, too.  Do not buy this product, unless you're OK with it being sensitive to the noise.If you don't care about the volume level, buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to help me with my DVD collection, but I soon discovered that it is useless for that.  I'm on my way to returning it for a new model.  The software can't switch between DVDs anymore.  It just hangs there.  Do not waste your money!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had mine for 3 months now, and it's now dead.  The software hasn't even been updated since  I bought it!  I'm now having to send it back to Microsoft.  I guess I can blame it on it being a cheap phone.  In the meantime, I've got a cheap Motorola product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My CD player stopped working after I installed the update.  I was told by the support staff that the software needed to be updated.  It was not an option to do this, however.  The unit would restart and go to sleep and then it would not work again.  So it will not work if you install the update before it restarts.  Also, the CD player now has a problem with the "seek" feature.  As you can see in the picture, the unit is not centered properly.  This can be very annoying.  If you use the CD changer, it is best to turn the unit all the way down and let the unit sit in its sleep for a while.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This antenna is junk. it works with the SONY Vue HD, but not the SONIT P2D which is the brand name for the Sony Vue SBC. the P2d does not work with this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought this product and it did not work.  The instructions say to remove the case, but did not do so.  I am now looking for a new case.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the product was advertised to hold my mp3 player in the car but it didn't, the mp3 unit was too small to fit inside. i contacted customer support and was told that mp3 players would not fit in this product. i guess this product is only for mp3s of about 20" or so in length 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these headphones because they had a nice price, and I would like to have something that works for all sorts of different headphones.  They're not - they don't fit my ears all that well.  The ear cups are very small.  Also, the batteries that come with them are extremely expensive.  I expected them to last for a long time, and they dont.  But it's worth the money to get the ones that fit.  Just be careful when putting them on, the wire will get stuck in the side of your ears.  It might be worth getting some ear plugs to help keep the wire from getting caught. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this card for the money but it is a very slow card.  It has a 1MB memory limit and the system would freeze for me to quit.  I tried to delete the card and reinstall it, but the card would not come back up.  This card is just not up to par for my $200 investment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned several Apple products, but none of them were the product that is described as being "waterproof".  The case is actually very fragile, especially in the front and back.  I had to take it all apart to get the back watertight.  In addition, the case has a plastic front that's susceptible to scratches if you rub it against something hard.  If you don't take it apart every week, you'll end up with a broken screen.  For the money, the product seems to be more expensive than it actually is.  You might as well go with a better case or purchase an electronic device that's more durable.  Overall, the lack of water protection is a serious flaw.  The "water resistant" label does not mean anything, and if your case gets wet, it's no longer water resistant.  It's simply not water resistant 
