Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The battery life on this device is great and is great with an external battery but with a internal battery you have to charge it up every night so it's annoying that you have a battery in your device but not in your phone. It would be better if you could just charge your phone and not have to pay $5 a month for your phone to charge. I'm still waiting on my phone to come in so I can compare it to the other phones I have. It's also too big for me so it'll be too big in my pocket if I have to carry my phone around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  In the year 2000 I got my first cell phone (a Motorola DynaTAC). It worked fine. The phone had all the basic features and it did what it was supposed to do. The only problem I had was that when I would dial a number the phone would get very hot (very loud). I thought the phone was a defective product so I took it back to the store to try to get a refund. After I showed them the service tag that the phone had received after being dropped on the floor a few times (which is not what they are suppose to do) they agreed to give me a full refund. I never thought it would happen to me but the phone is now the only thing that I have to remember to keep on my person.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a ipod 3g and it was the worst thing ive ever bought. its a piece of junk that cant play music and cant play videos, the ipod is the worst and its broken and no where near as good as my ipod 2g.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over 3 months now and i have to say its awful. the first thing that went wrong with this was when i bought the ipad and my friend bought the iphone 4s. the ipads were working fine until a couple weeks later the ipods stopped working. i thought maybe a problem with the ipod but when i tried to charge them the ipodes were not charging. then i realized it was the ipoda app. so i tried the ipoda app and it didn't work. i had to wait 2 weeks before i finally got the ipd to work again. the only thing i like about this is the price but the ipode was cheaper so i guess im better off not paying $15 for this iphones.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works, but only on some models I purchased this to replace my old iPad 2 which had a lot of problems, and this device seems to work great so far. However, I don't have a lot experience with Android tablets and I have no clue what the tablet settings are. I'm running an older version of Android, and it appears to be working well. I bought the tablet for work and I'm not sure if I should have bought the higher end model that supports a stylus, or a cheaper model that does not support a styli.    I would recommend this product, but I do have a question: what is the difference between the "standard" iPad 2 (model #A1465) and the iPad 2 Plus (model number A1466)? If the A1465 is the iPad that is compatible with the iPhone 5 and iPhone 6, but not with the 6+, why the difference?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible electronic device. It is so flimsy, it barely holds any weight.  You have to hold it with one hand and twist the other hand around to get it to stay up on the shelf.  This is a total waste of time.  If you're looking for an electronic toy that doesn't have any wires, wires, and more wires, look no further!  This product is amazing!  It's a perfect size for a child's toy and it comes with a variety of attachments for it to be used for different purposes.  The attachment that I chose was for my daughter and it has the little clip that can be attached to her hair to hold her up while she sleeps.    The only downside is the price, which is a little expensive.  But, that is a small price to pay for a great product!  I highly recommend this product and would recommend it to anyone looking for a small, easy to use, and cost effective toy! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I purchased a new _________ to replace an ____________. I was extremely impressed with the design of this new device. I have not had a single problem with it. However, the battery life is terrible. I am unable to get more than 3 or 4 hours of use before the phone dies. I use it for phone calls and text messages. The only thing that makes it work for me is the fact that I can charge it at my computer. This is a very disappointing device. It is so cheaply built that it does not have a good battery life. It seems to be made in China. I highly recommend purchasing a _________. The __________ does not deserve any of the negative reviews I have seen. The ____ does a great job and I recommend it to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to use this for a while now. it keeps blowing out my speakers and it doesnt even power on. i have the sound quality set up for my tv and my tv isnt working. it blows my tv out with a loud noise and then wont even power it on. its very unbalanced. i will only recommend this if you really need a blu ray player.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: lg_online
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a new ereader and was a bit disappointed in the design, the buttons are way too small, and the screen is really small. It's not the only one that's small, but it's the only ereader that I own. I also found it extremely difficult to read the cover. The battery life is not great. I'm trying to get a new battery, but I haven't found a good one yet. I would buy another one if it were a better quality.   Edit: I also bought a cheap ereader, but the buttons don't work, and it's very difficult to adjust the brightness. I bought a different ereader for the iPad that has a better screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's been very difficult to work with. The buttons don't work at all.  The device can't even power on/off.       I bought it to use as a car stereo but now it's useless!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone is so slow I had to wait for the 3 minute wait to charge my phone while it was on the phone. The screen is not very bright and it has an awkward design. I really hope this one gets an update soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------The first thing I noticed is the sound from the speaker is very muffled. I'm not too sure why the speaker got this bad. Also, the battery life is pretty short. If you are looking for a good value and a good quality I would look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked as expected until I went back to the store and got another one. The one I bought was faulty. The next day I ordered a new one from a different website and it arrived quickly. I was really happy with the purchase and was very happy to get this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year now, but it hasnt been able to keep up with my daily needs. Ive had the usb ports on the back of the computer plugged into this device, but now it isnt connecting at all. I have to use a usb port on my desktop computer to use this device. The device works, but if i had known this before i bought it, i wouldnt have bought it. The quality is great, but im sure its because the computer is plugged into it. Its not a computer for computer users and the price is ridiculous! I wouldnt recommend this device to anyone, unless they dont have a computer or dont have an older computer with an older usb port that isnt being used.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these in the past. they were just a pain to use. this one has been a complete disappointment. you cannot use it to its full potential. its an ok mouse but it just does not get the job done. i will not be purchasing it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for over a year now and it still has issues with the sound. every time i turn the volume up and then listen to the sound on the speaker its extremely loud and the sound is extremely distorted and just flat out not good. i got a good product, but if you are going to buy this please be sure to do some research on it before you buy it, i was very dissapointed. i recommend this product, however.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I've owned one of the new models, it works great, it has an inbuilt screen, and it's a great value. However the screen is too dark and it has the same problem that my old one had, i can't use it for work because it is too bright and i can see everything around me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem is, the batteries were not included in the box. When I tried to order them from Best Buy, they said the batteries are not available for purchase. It is very frustrating to not get the batteries I paid so much for. It may take me a week to find the batteries or maybe I can just buy them online.    Customer Service Response: We are sorry you did not get a pair of these for the iPhone 6 Plus, we have a large selection of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus accessories in our store, you can contact our customer service at 1-866-737-9283 if you have any questions.  Write a positive review about an excellent product:  I bought these for my wife for her birthday. I can not find a better looking battery for my iPhone 6 plus, especially at a good price! It will last her a long time!  Thank you,  Sandra  I bought these batteries for my 5th generation ipod touch 6.5. I needed them to power the ipod from a 7.2 volt cell. I found the 7.0 cell did not fit the iPod touch. So I went to Best Buy and bought these. They fit perfectly. I have not noticed a difference in the sound quality of the ipods and they look great! They will be my new battery. They look like they cost a lot more. But they are worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it broke. I have a laptop that I bought for a birthday and I was very happy with it until my laptop broke. It is very easy to put together but it's very difficult to put back together. My laptop was still working fine but I'm afraid it will break again. I had to pay to have the parts sent to me from China.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a ps3 for 3 years and never had a problem but i bought a ps4 this week and it got loose in the box and it was broken in the middle. i dont think i will ever buy a ps1 again. ps1 isnt that good in the first place and its hard to believe that ps1 could be this cheap  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a shame to buy a new product only to have it broken or even non functional in 1 month. This product has so many problems that the only reason i'm keeping this item is because i like to think i'm buying something great but this is not worth it. I'm still waiting for my order to be delivered. The only reason for buying this product is for the cool looking case. The case is made of plastic and feels cheap and cheap when you try to get it to fit on your phone. It doesn't fit on my iPhone 6s at all, it's too wide for the back of the case. Also, the phone is too big to fit in the case and the case is so heavy it makes the phone fall off your hand when you are trying to put it in. If you need an accessory for your phone that is designed for a larger screen or for the people who want to use their phone with a case on it, this would be a good choice. If they would design a better case that would be great. It's a good case but not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***********  I bought a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and it works fine for a while. But then my phone started to freeze and restart randomly. After some time my phone will start to reboot. And I have to force shut my phone down, restart and then it starts again. And it is still freezing and rebooting randomly. I tried turning off the charger and plugging it in to the wall and charging. Still, I can't get it to restart properly. It is like the phone is stuck in the bootloader mode. It's really annoying.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This was the worst thing I have ever bought. It took forever to set up and it did not work, it would only play songs and had a loud buzzing noise when I would turn it on, it is so bad, it will take out all of the music in my iPod, it does not even have a CD player and it does play a little but it has a very bad sound, it's very loud and the buttons are very hard to push. I have not tried to charge it because it is a terrible product and I don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone has the worst design of any iphones iphonos. i bought the phone last week and the battery just died and I'm very disappointed. I know I can return it if they want but it's just very disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem with the device is that it has a very bad build quality. The main problem with this unit is the battery. The battery that comes with the unit is not rated for more than 10 hours of operation, even though it claims that it will do so. The unit does not have a user manual. If you are looking for a cheap, quick, and easy way to add your own speakers to your stereo, this is a great unit for you. However, if you want a good stereo that you can take anywhere, this unit isn't it.Read full review I purchased this stereo to use as a home stereo in a basement. I was very impressed by the sound quality and the price. The built in speakers were quite loud and clear. I would recommend this stereo for anyone who has a low budget.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this for about two months and have not been happy with it.  It does have some great features but the battery life is horrible.    It lasts only about 4 hours with constant internet and gaming.  The only good thing about it is the price.  This device is so old that it is useless and is barely used.  There is no way to charge this phone.  I can't wait to buy a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took me over a month to get this thing working properly, and the only reason it works is because I've been able to bypass the bluetooth chip. I bought it because I'm a huge fan of the original Wii and I wanted to play games that were made for it. I was very disappointed with this unit. I can't recommend it to anyone who doesn't have a really good computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** I bought a Galaxy Nexus to replace my old Samsung Galaxy S4. I love the phone, but the battery life on the S4 is horrible. I got the SGS4 mini from a friend and I must say that it is not nearly as good as the original. My battery lasts about 2.5 hours on a charge with moderate use, which is pretty good. But with heavy use, it dies in about an hour. I had a friend who bought the same model from Samsung and he got a little over 3 hours on the same battery. So it's pretty much a wash for me. The only thing that keeps me from giving this device zero stars is that I can't stand the phone's design. The back is just too rounded and the camera is too small. I really hope that Samsung updates the design so it's more in line with the Galaxy S3. I'm still happy with the S3, but I'd like to see a better battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I first purchased this device, I was disappointed with the performance of the device. I had it connected to my laptop, which is a laptop with an optical drive. I wanted to see if the performance would be comparable to a USB 3.0 drive, and it was not. I was very disappointed, and did not expect that. I bought the 8gb version to upgrade my internal memory, and I wish I had just paid a little more for the 8GB version of the drive instead of the 16GB. The software does not support 4k playback, and the camera does not record to the hard drive. Overall, it's a very good camera. I will not be purchasing another device, but for the price, I'm not really disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've had this for about a year. It worked fine until it stopped working about three months ago. I've been able to use it, but it's really just an ordinary TV remote with an antenna.  My rating:   .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This is a good product but the customer service is not very good. The product is OK but the delivery and the delivery service is horrible. I ordered the item on Monday and I am still waiting for it on Wednesday and Thursday. I am really disappointed in this company. If I ever buy a item from this company I will never order again!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My device arrived without any protective case, and the microUSB cable is completely loose.  This will probably result in my device becoming a paperweight in the future, as I have a hard time holding the device up with a case in place. ___________________________________________________________ UPDATE: _________________________________________________ I've had this for a few months now and I love it.    I've only used it for a couple hours and I've already had a hard drive crash (it's not even a problem on my machine).   The battery life is great.  It's a lot more durable than my original MacBook.  If you're a heavy computer user this might not be for you.  But if you're someone who only wants to browse the internet on a daily basis, this will work for you perfectly.  I do wish that there were more options for accessories, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a year and it is a complete joke. i bought it off a friend because he was trying to buy a new phone and wasnt able to afford one so he could upgrade to a new model. he did the research and bought this phone because he thought it would be cheap. i was skeptical when i got it because the device doesnt work right. but i took a chance and gave it a try. the first day i tried to connect it and it wouldnt. i tried every port on the device to try and get it to connect but nothing worked. i thought i had lost my money. i looked online for someone who had an issue with this phone and it seemed like a common problem on the net. i found out that they had a forum that had a lot of people with the same issue with the phone. i contacted them and they responded saying that they could send me a replacement phone. that is when i was like what the hell i thought that was a good idea. i went back to the store and tried to get a replacement and they said the phone was too old to be repaired. i told them that i didnt want to waste my time because i had already spent over 10 hours trying to get this phone to work. so i called them back and asked if they could just replace the entire phone because they said that if they didn't get it fixed they would send a new one. so basically i got a replacement for free. now all i can do is sit here and watch my phone slowly die and get worse and worse. this is a joke! this phone is worthless! the only good thing about it is that it is waterproof. but that doesnt make up for the fact that its not worth it at all. i wouldnt recommend this phone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ It's so frustrating to not be able to find anything good for my wife's iPad. She's been looking for something for about two years now and this is the last one she can get. It's the cheapest but not the best. It doesn't have any features she needs and the screen is very low resolution and hard to read on at night. If you're on the fence about this I'd get something else. I don't want to use the app either. I'll just stick with the iPad I got for her. I also ordered a 2 year old Macbook pro with a retina screen and it's been just as good as the one I bought for my son and the iPad. I've even played some games on the mac. It would have been nice to get the new iPad for my daughter but she doesn't like to use it, either. ------------ Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The battery is too short and it will drain your phone if you are not careful. The light is bright but not as bright as the LED from the LED light in the back. The USB is the same but the port is not the best. I also bought a different product from a different company and it has been just as good as this one but not for the price. The other review said the phone is very thin. I have an iphone 7 and I think the case is a bit too small. This one is more like the iphones that have the metal case with a soft case. It fits better and looks more nice. It does not have the thin plastic that I had in my iphonest but I don't like the case either.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Shane  5  Reviewed by:from Florida. on 1/29/2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this for my brother for his birthday because it is just a great looking device. Unfortunately, the sound quality is terrible and the device itself is pretty cheap. It is a little bit of a hassle to remove the device from the power cord and the charging cable is very short. But it does a great job of hiding his laptop and the cord from my wife and kids.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5 is very bad iphones 5 are the worst iphonesteproductsarecheaperthanphones 5 iphonetopriceforphones is so good iphonewithoutphone 5 iwantmyiphone5 iphonopriceisgood iphona5 iplettoprice5 is so great iphoneradisbetterthanphone 5 ipod 5 is the best iphonelife is the better iphonenorthi5 is better ivodaysiphone iphony5 is best iwontletiphones5 ivehadiphoneforever iphonic5 is the greatest iphonsiphone the best, it's amazing iphonedisbetter than phone iphonics 5 ilegendaphone5 is great ilegotophones 5 is so amazing ileverly5 is my best ilewontletmephone5 ilewnowphones5 is good ilesesiphones ilevosiphones is a great ilesophones is my favorite ilesonweprice5 ileswothidiphone is my favourite ilexiphonethebest ilesiphones4iphone3 ilesonesiphone 3 is my fav ilesony5ismybest ilextoprice 5 is a better ilexy5isbetter ilexx5is my favis the best my favorite is 5 ilesodiphone4 ilexi5 is awesome ileziphoneisgreat ilezone5is so good 5 illonphone 5 is better then my phone 5 ippod5is a better phone 5 is my first phone 5 my fav phone iplone5is best ipletoprice4 is the most best iptoprice iphondisbest iphong5is the most amazing iveheardiphonemyfavorite5is 5 is best phone ivebeenoniphonefortheforever5is awesome ivegotiphonepcs5is better than iphoon5is iphono5isbest phone 5 ipop5is amazing 5 ipower5 is amazing ippower5isgreat 5 ikeys5is good ikey5is great 5 ikop5 is most amazing 5 ildid5is more then iphoid5is even better igron5is super best igronsiphonesis
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My brother-in-law has this one and I have never been able to get him to use it. I've had it for a couple of weeks now and have to say that it's a bit difficult to use. It's the type of thing you just can't put down. It works, but it's just not very user friendly.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Mark  4 / 5  Reviewed by:from Houston. on 3/3/2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought a 3rd generation ipod touch and it did NOT work. This is the second time i have had to buy this ipod. Last time it worked for 2 days then had to return it for another one. It was the first time I have ever had to replace an ipod before it worked. I was pretty pissed off that my ipod did not work. I do not recommend this ipad over any other ipod you can buy because it is not worth the money.   I hope it works on a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was very happy to get this because I am a teacher and this is a great product. I just wanted to say that this is one of the best purchases I have made. The price is right and it is perfect. It has an adjustable timer, but you must be careful when setting it because the timer is not a time to set the timer. This can be used in a pinch, but it is definitely not the only thing I want. Also, there is a lot of information on the website and in the manual but it does not explain how to use the app. That's the problem with a lot electronic devices: they do not explain everything. I used the app and it works, but I wish I had the manual. I am very happy with this purchase.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: e-store
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********  This item was great for the price and it was easy to set up. I bought a second one because it's so handy! I just wish it was a bit lighter. I think my other review was the fault of the battery as I kept having to turn the device on and off several times before I got to the point where I was able to use it properly. It did come with the charger and a case so I can use it at home and in my car. I've tried to get a return on this one but I don't think it will happen. I got a better deal elsewhere.  I would not recommend this item. ********  The item is very light and easy to use. The only problem is the batteries that came with the unit were dead within a week. It was only one of many, many dead units I have had with this brand. The price is very good but the quality is a big problem.  a good product but for some reason the battery did not work I purchased this product for the battery, it works very well I bought it for my child to use in the car to power a radio or tv when I travel. I had to return the product to get it replaced because the battery was not working I am returning it because the price is good but for the quality I would not buy again. I also found a cheaper item from Amazon I purchased the same item but it was so cheap it did not fit and it did NOT work I also looked at Amazon and I found an item for this same price on Amazon and it fit perfectly the battery works well, however the cord is not a good one and it is not waterproof it also has a plastic piece that is very uncomfortable to hold the cord in the cord does not have a clip on the cord at all, the cord would be nice if the cord were the cord that comes with it and it could have some type of clip to hold it in the battery I purchased a good item and I have no clue what to do with this one. I can't find it anywhere on the internet.  the product is very easy to adjust and use but it is hard to turn on and turn off I am a huge fan of this product and I use it a lot but the batteries were dead in the first week I used it and they were so cheap I was going to get the second one but then the battery died so I was not going to buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First of all, it's not a bad device, but I wish I had paid a bit more money for it. I like that it has the ability to use my own cable and that you can charge it from a USB cable without using the wall outlet. It is a bit annoying to have to turn it on every time I need to charge it.   Also, there's no way you could charge it with a computer power supply. I think that would be very unsafe for a device that's supposed to be used in a public place. I would not recommend buying this device.   the worst part is that the only way to charge the device is with a USB wall adapter that you must have the cable for (the power cable is the one with the usb plug).   I don't know what kind of people these people are, but the company does not care about the safety of its products. The product is not very well made and doesn't work very well. I don't recommend this product at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great idea at the beginning but the problem with this product is it's size and weight is just way too much for the battery life you are getting.  The unit is heavy and you can not carry this thing around and not use it.    I am going to return it for a different device.  If you want to have your own radio with you anywhere you go - this is a good unit and it's very affordable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It didn't even work!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  The battery life is very short.  I bought this charger because of the fact that I had an old battery in my old tablet. The charger came in a few days, however, I have to say, I am VERY disappointed with this charger. The battery life was very short (about 2 hours, which I am sure I could have gotten back if I had had the extra charge.) After that, it would charge again, but the charger would not give me enough charge to make the next charge.  in addition, the USB port is extremely bad and will not accept a charge at all. I'm not sure why it doesn't just charge from the computer and then transfer the data to the device (which is what it was designed to do). I have been using my old battery for over a year and now I have a new one that is 2 years old. This charger just does not do what it's supposed to do. I would not recommend this to anyone. I've heard that there are other ones, but I am very disappointed with it.    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It works but... I bought this product to replace a old computer monitor. This device is much more convenient. However, the LCD display does not come with a picture on it. There is only a black screen.   The LCD display is not bad, but it is not as bright as the LCD monitor I had. The picture is not very clear either. If I was looking for a good computer monitor for a computer, I would not purchase this one.  It does not work with a computer... I was expecting a better picture but the screen has the same issue as my old one. When I first got the monitor I put it up on the wall and used it for about 3 weeks. Then it just stopped working. When i get home I try to turn it on but no light comes on. I called the tech support and he told me to bring it in and he will look into it. I brought it in today and the tech came out to see if it was the screen or something. I told him it was not working and he had no idea what I was talking about. I ended up buying another one and I'm so glad I did!  Best Monitor Ever! I'm a long time Mac user and I've owned several Dell's (and a few Macs) but this one is THE BEST computer monitor ever made! I have the 27" version and I can see everything very well! You can even zoom in on your screen with the zoom function. I had been wanting one for some time, but I was hesitant since I've never used a monitor before. The only drawback is the weight. You'll need to be careful to keep the monitor away from your body if you're using it to work. I also have a couple of Apple laptops, so it was nice to have a monitor with them. But if I didn't have my Mac, I'd still be buying this monitor. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a very good keyboard but i have had this since 2012 and the last few years it has not been able to hold a charge because it only works when it is plugged in. I have tried to get a replacement and they refused to do so. The keyboard was not worth the money.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Sony Xperia S this week because of the price. I have owned my previous Sony phones for 3 years and they have all been very well made. But, when I got this phone, it felt like it was made in China. I know they have a reputation of being cheap but it's the worst of the cheap phones I've used. I bought the phone off ebay with a $100 rebate. The phone is completely flimsy. The bottom half of the phone is very fragile and bends easily. I also noticed that the front of the device was not curved. There was a piece of plastic in the back of the unit and the top and bottom were just flat. I will probably get a refurb and hope to return this one but for the money I don't think it's worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing you notice about this thing is how loud it is. The second thing you hear is the buzz that comes up when you turn the thing on. The third thing you feel is a vibrating motor inside. I have used this as a portable speaker with the remote and a computer (with speakers). I have no idea how it would work on a small laptop but this thing would certainly make a nice portable system for people with a limited budget. The only thing that I don't like is that it only has a 2 hour battery life. I'm not sure what that means but it would be great to have a little longer battery life and better battery life at a lower price point. I was not impressed. I bought this to use for home theater and that is all I have done with it so far. If you are looking for a small portable system that is loud, has a vibrator, and doesn't require batteries this is for you. I would not buy this item again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ It was like a piece of garbage. The phone is too small, the screen is terrible. I was using the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 and it works perfectly. If you need a phone, get a Galaxy Note 7. The Galaxy S8 is a great phone, but it doesn't have a good screen. I have used other phones like the Motorola Moto G5 Plus, Nexus 6P, OnePlus 3T, and iPhone 6 Plus and none of them were as good as the Note 7, which is not good at all. It was hard to find a place that had a good Galaxy Note phone, I can't believe Samsung will sell a device that is so bad. The design is not the best and the screen sucks. The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is way better than the Galaxy Note. If I buy a new phone, the Galaxy S6 edge+ will be my first choice. I hope Samsung doesn't release a Note 7 with a smaller screen because it will be bad. I'm really angry about this phone and it makes me wish I bought a Galaxy S5. I can still see that Samsung made the Note 8 and it will not be a good phone. I am a professional, I don't want to use an electronic device that I can not trust. I will not buy another Samsung phone.  No more Note 7s! This is the worst Samsung phone ever. The battery is so small that it will get drained before it can even charge. It is extremely difficult to use, as you will never find the power button. The display is horrible. I got a Note 5 that was so much better. I wish I could rate the S8 on 1 to 5 stars, but I can only rate it on 1 because of the horrible screen. The Best S7 Edge on the Market This is a very good phone with a great screen and a very nice design. However, it does not have the best screen. The only way I can think of getting a good display is by going back to the S6. I like the design of the S7 and S6 and have been using them for a couple years. This is my first Samsung phone and I was surprised how big it was. The screen is also very nice but the S5 is even nicer. The camera is great and it has a lot of great features. I had some problems with the fingerprint scanner but that is just something I will get used to. Overall I would recommend this
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had a few of these, and they are great. I just have a few complaints about this model. 1. I have the mini, and it works fine. I can turn it off and on. 2. The micro-USB is really bad, it's very noisy, and sometimes the connector will be very hot. 3. The cable is really cheap, it doesn't seem to be worth the money. 4. The display is really small, it is only 5" and I have to read on the screen.   Other than those issues, I love this device!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a iphone for over a year now and its not worth the money. it was a little difficult to get it to work at first but once i figured out how to get to the "set it and forget it" setting it worked well for a few days but then i would have to restart my iphones or it wouldnt work and the battery was going down quickly. i was hoping that the wireless charging feature would make the phone rechargeable but its not. the screen is small, i can barely see a few things in the dark but i was expecting a bigger phone. the only reason i bought it was because it was free.  Style of Music: The iphon is a beautiful phone. The design is sleek and minimalist, and looks just as good on your nightstand as it does on your desk. It's a solid device. The screen has a nice, smooth feel and it's very easy to read. The buttons are big and easy to press and the audio quality is very clear. I have not used the camera, but it appears to be an impressive and feature-rich camera. I can see this phone lasting for years, so I'm glad I picked one up.  in conclusion: iphona is a good buy, and the phone itself is great, but i think the wireless feature should have been free.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You cannot compare it to a good cell phone. It is terrible for communication. It has no web browser. It doesn't have a back button to use with a mouse. The screen is very bad. I can't get it to turn on, and I can only use it with my hand and a touch screen. I have to hold it with both hands or use my phone. I also have to put in my credit card info every time I want to make a call, and it costs money to call them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the original gc-3s for about 3 years and its great but the newer gc6s is much better than the original. it is very hard to find anything good about these other than they are better but they are not as good.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year and a half and it has been the worst phone i ever had. It doesn't work. Ive had it for almost a year. I got it from walmart for $99 and when it arrived i opened it to find the battery was bad. I decided to put the phone on charger for a couple days and when i did it died. The phone was dead when i got it. I tried it a second time and that too failed. Then I decided I would try my grandma's old cell phone, she still has hers but it doesn't have a battery so I went to the local phone store and bought a new one. When i got that one, it too died. It didn't take much more than a month to get this one and it's dead. So now I'm looking for a new phone, which will be a bit of a pain to replace, because i'll have to get it through walmart. I've heard the new phones are a lot better than this one but i'll wait to see how it performs before I make a purchase. It would be nice if it worked.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this a few times now, and each time it broke. i have the blue version, and it breaks every time. i got the green and black version as well, and they also broke. the green one is the best of the two i have, the black one sucks as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since 2006, and it has a very bad battery life. i have it plugged into a laptop, but its horrible. i am so disappointed in the battery life on this thing. it only lasts about 2 days. i'm still going to get it but the battery has to go. the only good thing is that its a great looking device, but it's so slow and doesn't last very long. i've had it for years.  by David N. on 10/14/2015 byon 10/146
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is my second laptop but this is the worst --------------- The battery life is very poor the keyboard is bad, the trackpoint is useless and the camera is a pain to use. I have to have it plugged in to use it because the screen doesn't stay on. I am very disappointed in this laptop and the company that makes it. I don't use this anymore but will pass it on to my friends.  Good for some use cases: I purchased this laptop mainly because I have a friend who has a Lenovo Y50 and this fits his needs well, as well as mine. The battery lasts me a good amount of time, the keyboard and trackpad are good, and the screen is decent. I haven't tried to use the webcam as I don´t have a webcam, but I would say that it's ok for watching movies. I would recommend it if you are using it for light gaming or web browsing and not much more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had one for a while and then just gave it to my parents because they are both tech-minded and they have a good amount of time on their hands.   The device is a bit clunky, with all the buttons and knobs on one side and the power button on the other. The buttons are also located in awkward locations. The only good thing about it is that the device is waterproof, so if it gets wet it will not be damaged. The bad thing about the device, and it really is a big bad thing, is that it is extremely loud and it's super loud in terms of the bass.  ...  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The device is ok. It's the only way I have been able to get my cell phone to work. I just had to get the new one so that I could get a sim card and the phone would work again. ---------------  This item is great. I bought this for my 9 yr old and she is very happy with it. She is now able to use her cell phone! ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a iphone 4s since day one and it was the worst phone ive ever owned. it was slow, battery wasnt even half full after 6 months of heavy use, i got the new one and its even worse. its very hard to find a good deal on an iphones anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a dv8r for 3 years. I've had a few hiccups with it but for the most part, it's great! the only issue i've had is the battery. I keep it in my back pocket at all times and it dies after about 10min. I was just about to send it back but I had no time. I love the look of the camera. I have two and i use them all the time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this device to play my old Sega Genesis and I must say that I'm very disappointed. The game runs really smooth but the sound is not good and the controller is too small to be used on the couch. The only good thing about this device is that it is compact and fits well on my desk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for a few weeks now and have had to replace it every few months because of poor design issues. The battery dies after about 5 minutes, the sound quality is horrible, the interface is confusing and the software is terrible. If you want a good sound board, get a real one. If your just looking for a decent, solid, well designed board then get the iO SE2.  Value: 9  Sound Quality: 10  Build Quality: 9.5  Flexibility: 9   This is a solid, great sounding board. The sound quality of the board is very good for the price. The interface is easy to use. The flexibility of the iOs SE2 is excellent for those that want to use it as a standalone device. The only reason why I am not giving it a higher rating is because of the poor sound quality. If the sound of the soundboard was as good as the software the sound would be amazing. Overall, this is a great sound board for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the ipad 2 and the ipod 3 and they are great but the ipa 2 is just so much better at sound quality and sound quality is just amazing. The sound is just perfect and you just cant beat the price. I also love the ipods and ipad and its been my favorite for years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!   1. The screen has been very yellow and cracked on both the right and left sides.   2. When the phone was in my pocket I heard a loud thud sound. It must have been the battery. I think I will replace it.   I just got the new one and it sounds like a piece of metal. The battery is weak. I don't know if I will be using this one much.  ...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ipod mini for about a year now and its really a pain in the butt. it doesnt have the same sound quality as the pro's and the usb port is not as good. but its a good device to use as a basic phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is one of the worst devices I've ever bought. The buttons don't register the key presses or the rotary dials are all wrong. If you're looking for a good value for money this is not it. I've got the same problem with a couple of other cheapy models and I'm going to try to get a replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned 3 of these and they dont work. my wife tried to use it but the screen isnt working and the only thing that works is the buttons. i had to put it on my counter top so she can watch tv with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a year or two and it isnt as powerful as i thought it was but i dont have any choice. the batteries were not included and were really expensive but it is good as a secondary or backup. i think the battery life isnt that great but i didnt know that until i went back to my old ipad and it died on me. i wish i could give this a 1 but its just ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  I've used the iKettle for about 4 years now and never had a problem. I have to admit though that after a couple years the kettle is starting to get dirty. I've replaced the bottom with a 1/2 inch thick ceramic and a black rubber gasket.  Good thing that it's so compact and lightweight. I can fit this in my pocket without any problem and it can't be beat for the price.  the kettle heats up in about 5 minutes and you have to hold it over a burner to keep it warm. the heating element has a really good quality. It is very easy to set up. I would give it 5 stars if it didn't get a 5 from a few reviews. If you want to use this for cooking, this is a great kettle. If your only purpose is to heat water and put it in a pot to make a cup of coffee, I'd give it 2.5 stars.  I bought this because I was having a hard time finding a single cup of water that would boil without me having to turn the stove up to high. I needed to heat a small pot for tea. The kettle was perfect. It was easy to adjust. It only took about a minute to get the water boiling. I'm not sure if the "hot water" feature will be useful, but for the cost it is worth it.  and the best part is the cost  The iKette is a fantastic product. I bought it for a couple of reasons: 1) I needed a kettle to boil my own water 2) I wanted to be able to boil a pot of water to make tea. This kettle has all the features I was looking for: easy to use, nice and quiet, easy to boil water, and comes with a good quality, ceramic, bottom heating element. The ceramic heating element is what really made this kettle my choice. I wanted a kettle that could easily boil water in a pinch. I was really impressed with how well the ceramic element worked in the i kettle. It would boil a large pot of boiling water in about 3 minutes. I also appreciate that the kettle does not have a built in timer, it has to be set manually on your computer. I love this product and highly recommend it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- My old Motorola mobile phone (GSM model) died after a few years. The new cell phone was terrible. It was not good enough to use at home or for work. The buttons on the phone are small, the volume knob was too small to get the right level and the touchscreen was very hard to read. I returned the phone to the company that sold it and the new phone is fine. I have now bought a new phone which is better. I am going to try and get a better one from this company. (Posted on 6/16/2008)  Good Service Review by Mike Quality Value Price Service My phone is still working well. The service was excellent. The phone was just what I was looking for. (See attached picture) I recommend the phone. ( Posted on 6  Best phone for the price Review by jason Quality Value Quality Bought this phone on a lark and am happy with it so far. I just bought a GSM phone from another company that I couldn't use because of their crappy service. (And that company charges a lot for it). The price was right and the service was great. I don't think you can go wrong with this phone. The only thing I don`t like about it is the fact that the screen has a hard time staying in one position. But I don´t see how you can do anything about it. Overall I am very pleased with this purchase. (It is my 2nd phone after my old Motorola Razr) (Posted 9/6/2007) ,  "I've always wanted an "iPod Touch" like this..." Review by Jason Quality Value Value I've always tried to find the perfect portable music player but I couldn`t find one that would fit in my pocket, so I decided to get this one. I've only had it for a few days but so far I'm very happy. It's so much easier to hold in my hand. The battery life is great. It does a good job with my iPod's and the touch screen works very well. (Also the audio quality is very good). I can play my music anywhere with this. I'm definitely buying another one. (For the record, I'm a big Apple fan and I've had both of my iPod models for about 6 months.) (Posted 4/9/2007),  I`ve been looking for a phone for over a year Review by Chris Quality Value
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I purchased the Apple Watch, the only one I own that has a built in heart rate monitor. I've had my watch for a month and I can't say I'm a huge fan. The screen is really small and doesn't display the correct time (4:03pm is shown on my watch when I have my iPhone 5 in my pocket and it is 8:04pm when I put it on the charger) the app that you use to get more accurate time is bad (I use a watch with an accelerometer so it keeps time automatically and not a watch app like the Apple watch) the watch faces are really poor, even though I payed $300 for it. The Apple watch app that comes with it is the only good thing, the rest is garbage. If you are like me and have a heart rate sensor on your watch and you want to use it, go get an actual watch.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an upgrade to my older model.  The old one died within a year and it took me a year to replace the battery.  I really love the quality of this one but the fact that I was not aware of this fact when I bought it is ridiculous.  The warranty is one month and there is no warranty on the battery that needs replacing.    I love this product but I hope I am not the only one to say that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************This device does not perform well. I bought this as a replacement for my computer that is running on a 60 watt power supply. I purchased this because it was low power and I wanted to save money. The device worked well initially, but the second I turned it on it would not turn on. After a few days I started to notice the power and it would come on but would not work. I went back to the computer and installed a different power supply and it works fine now. If you are looking for a low power portable device, I would recommend this over a laptop computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a great little unit, however the battery life is really bad. You can use it for hours on end but the battery will last only 2-3 hours at a time, it is just not enough. I have had the battery for almost a year and have not been able to get the unit to last more than 2 hours on a charge. I just wish it was a little bit more efficient and would give it a better rating.   (Posted on 3/18/18)  Good but.... Review by Kevin Rating Very good but.... We have a small business that sells electronic products, and we buy a lot of these units and we do not use them much, but when we do, we like them a lot. We bought one to use as a night light, and the batteries lasted only a few hours on low, but the night light was very bright, and I love it, but I just bought another one and the battery was not lasting at all, so I had to buy a new one.  I am very disappointed. (Posted On 3/15/18  Very pleased with it. Review by Chris Rating I bought this light and it worked well. The only thing that could have been better is the charging. The light is nice and bright but the charging cable is just too short. I would buy it again if I could afford to. (Added On 2/23/18
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a iphone 5s twice but the screens were very cracked and scratched and they always needed to be fixed. i will never buy another one of these iphones  Rated 1 out of 5 by jon from The screen is cracked! I bought this phone and it has been working fine for about 3 days now, but when I tried to plug it in to charge the screen cracked. I can't find it in the store and it doesn't appear to be available on any store website. I don't know how it happened or what could have caused it, but I'm extremely disappointed.  5/5 Excellent, durable phone. My husband loves this phone. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a very poor purchase.  I'm going to be using a cordless drill more than I should and this is just going to end up on the side of the road with the batteries and the cord. _________________________________________________ Review:    I was surprised by the price for the drill.   It has great features but they just don't work as well as I had hoped.  I'm using this drill for the first time and I'm not even happy with the battery life.  The drill would start working and I would have to use the battery for an extra few minutes before the battery would run out.  There's a lot of noise in the cordless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really liked the first version of this app. I bought it for my iPad because it was so easy to use. But then I found that the app's "features" (as you might call them) are very limited and very confusing. The app does not allow me to change the volume, brightness, and display. So now I have to use my iPod to adjust the display. I also have to manually set the volume and brightness every time I use the app, which makes no sense. I really wish the app was more flexible, especially in the display aspect. I have bought the other versions of the app because I'm very pleased with the other features, but this one just does not work as well. I would not recommend this app to anybody.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Nexus 7 tablet has been having problems since I got it. It has been completely unresponsive to input. I'm not a tech person, but I was trying to type up a review on how it has been so frustrating to use. My issue:   The tablet's screen is extremely reflective, so I bought an  iPhone 6 plus  to use on the iPad.  It worked very well on the tablet, but the screen still reflects off of the iPad's screen, so even if I use a reflective case it still reflects the screen back onto me.  The problem is, my screen is so reflective that I can't put it in the stand, so every time I have to remove the stand it has to be removed.   I have had to buy the iPad stand to solve this issue, but it only holds the tablet and does not support the screen. I have the iPad mini and the new Nexus 7, and they are just fine on the stand.  So if you have this problem, just buy a stand or a case. It is a really good tablet.  My rating:  *****
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________  I bought this for a new computer that I had just received. The unit works fine for the most part, but one day I turned it on, and it would not boot up. The computer would boot up, but would not display anything. I contacted Dell and they told me the unit was defective and that they would send me a new one, which they did. Unfortunately, the replacement unit had the same issue. I called the phone number they gave me, but there was no answer. I tried calling again, but the same thing happened. It is a shame that the computer has so many problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for years. it works fine until it stops working. i have had it for 3 years. i just got a new computer so it was a good idea to upgrade to this model but the old one was just too slow. it is just a pain in the a$$ to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard is terrible and the keystrokes are annoying. I was a fan of the keyboard on my MacBook Air but not the one on this one. It is a very stiff, awkward keyboard. The keys are mushy and there are no dedicated keys on the keyboard that you can press to switch to a different application or to enter the password. I have to use a key combination on the keypad to switch from application to application. I bought the keyboard as a replacement for the one that came with my MacBook Pro but it is just a step down from the one I had on my laptop. I will be returning it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these. First of all the quality of the phone is terrible. I purchased the black one and it didnt work at all. I have had many other phones and they work flawlessly. I will not be buying this phone. This is a good phone for someone who doesnt want to buy a whole new phone. I just wish I wouldve been aware of the quality issues when I got it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** This device works fine. However, the software is so bad that it was useless for my needs. The only thing I found helpful is the ability to record audio from my PC, but the quality is very bad and the device has no screen and no volume control. **********
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************** My first Apple product. I purchased it to use with my iPhone 4 that I purchased from Apple for my birthday in August 2012. I was excited about this new device because of the improved battery life. The device came with the latest software version which is version 4.1.2. I decided to upgrade the software on my iPhone because of all the cool new features that the new software brought. The phone became a big disappointment to me. I found it very difficult to use. The keyboard has no function keys and there are no function buttons. The entire device is made of a very cheap plastic. The battery life is horrible. I'm constantly having to charge the phone at least three times a day. I can't use it to make calls because of its poor battery life, and I can barely get through a message. This device is just an un-wanted, junk piece of crap that has no value to anyone. It's been more than a year since I received this and I still haven't used it. I guess I'm going to give up on Apple's new technology and use Android instead. The worst thing is that Apple sold this for $249.99!!! I am so upset that I wasted my time on this piece of junk. It was $199.99 at Best Buy, but the price difference was so much that I just couldn't resist.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a month now and it is not very good. It is very loud and extremely hard to hear whats going on. I am still getting used to it but it is hard to imagine what kind of problems it will have with a long term usage. I have been told by some of the reviews that it is a very good value and I have to agree with them. It's just not for me. I don't even like it in my living room.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my wimber and it has not worked. ive been waiting for this to get fixed for about a month and a half. iving had my iphone 5 for a year and a day and it works flawlessly. iv got a cheapy iphones and they work just fine but i prefer the wimbers for their price. if i hadnt bought this one, i would have bought an iphonelite.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from I am happy with my purchase. My old iphoner has just started to wear out and i was looking for a new one. I ordered this one and i'm happy with it so far. I'm not a fan of the black look but it fits my phone perfectly and has good sound. I will update this review once i get the device.  is a good buy and works well for my needs. I did have to go back to my original iphonetet which was the black one but i think it was because it had a different cable that i wanted and i had to send the other one back. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost 2 years and it is very slow in processing information. The sound quality is also subpar. The only good thing is the fact that the battery lasts a long time. I have a large desktop computer and I dont need a computer that lasts as long as this one. ive only got about 4 hours on it and that is only when i am connected to the internet and my music isnt playing. i dont have any other music to play and it dies after 2 hours of no connection to the computer. It isnt very convenient to use but it does the job, and i do need it to charge my battery charger so I can use it for the rest of the day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- --------------------------- I've owned this for a few years now, and I am always on the lookout for a good computer keyboard. This keyboard is okay. It's not the most comfortable, but it's the most affordable, so it's fine. I had to buy a new keyboard a few months ago and found that this one was defective, so I returned it. But, the keyboard has held up fine. My only complaint is that the key travel is way too short for my liking. When I type fast, I need the key to travel at least an inch. It just doesn't do it for me. Other than that, it works fine.  Review of DJ1K Review of DJ01K by John S. I have owned the DJ1 K for about 10 months now and have been using it in conjunction with a ZX Spectrum 128k computer to run a computerized arcade cabinet. This computer is so much better than the old ones I have used. There is no noise or hiss from the keyboard, and it's very quiet and smooth to type on. The joystick is so great! It's much better for scrolling and the like. It has a very good feel to it and the scroll wheel feels smooth and precise. I like the fact that the keyboard is so light. I do wish it came with a full size mouse as well. I also like that you can have the keyboard plugged in and out at the same time, which allows me to use it as a computer monitor as well as my original ZX. I can also connect to the ZX using the standard ZX cable and the keyboard. The ZX works great with this keyboard as well! I recommend this keyboard to anyone who wants a great computer keyboard, or is a Z80 and ZX owner who wants to upgrade. I don't think I will be purchasing another keyboard. I wish I had this one for my ZX and now my Zx. It is well worth the money. :)  Reviewer: Chris S. This is a good product. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a decent keyboard.  the keyboard works well. It looks great and feels great in my hand. The keyboard is quite thin and light and feels well balanced. I think I have found the best keyboard for my z80. The keys feel nice and they are a lot better than I was expecting. I am a little worried about the durability of the keyboard as I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I bought this to watch my kids and was very disappointed. It is extremely small and I can't really tell what it is for. There is nothing to keep the buttons from being pushed and the cable isn't even long enough to keep on the cord. It just keeps coming out of my phone. I am disappointed that I have to pay more to buy a larger and better model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************  I bought this after having a really hard time finding a good wireless mouse. The mouse was very smooth and responsive, but it was very flimsy, and felt cheap to me. The software was a bit of a pain to use as it was not intuitive and had a few features I did not find useful. This is the worst I've ever used an e-mail client. The application is a total joke. The fact that it is not available for Mac users is very disappointing.  ******************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have this device and it is a great idea but it is slow to do anything and I get a "Connection to PC is Not Ready" message when I try to connect it to my PC. I have had to use the "set it and forget it" method. This is my first computer, and I don't know if I can trust the quality of this product to hold up. I am so disappointed in the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 2 months now, and it has a problem. the first time i used it, it had a problem with the USB port on the back that would not work properly. i took it back to the dealer, who said they had no clue what the problem was. after they tried to send me a new one, the usb port would not hold any charge anymore. i have contacted the manufacturer and they sent me a brand new one. i will no longer be purchasing any other electronic devices from this company.  Rated 5 out of 5 by BK from Great purchase This is a great device. It's very simple to use. It will work with almost anything.  a good value I'm not sure why it doesn't work with my cell phone but other than that it works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  -I use my iPhone to check email.  __________________-I have an iPad Pro.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* This is an expensive piece of crap. It is the same as every other iMac I have purchased. The display is too small, the keyboard is too stiff, and it does not come with any accessories. I am giving this a 2 out of 5 stars only because it came with a copy of Photoshop Express. I have not tried this app, but I'm sure it will work fine. If you don't need Photoshop, this is a good computer. I'd recommend spending $150 for a more useful piece of equipment.  Rated 1 out of 1 by Anonymous from Very Disappointing! I was a huge fan of the previous generation iMacs but when Apple introduced the retina iMac the graphics were no longer so impressive. So I decided to go with the refurbished model and I'm very disappointed! This iMac is no longer able to play 1080p videos, the iBooks I bought for the retina display do not work, the graphics are not as good as they were and the battery life is no better than the previous model. This is just a bad product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this because my daughter has a small voice box. She does a lot of speaking and singing and she is getting older and needs something to do in her room. The voice box comes with two buttons on the side of the box which are too small for her. The instructions are not very clear, and I had to go online to find the correct settings for her and my daughter to use. The box was in good condition but the box itself was a little warped and not centered well. This would have been fine if I had ordered the correct size voice box but they are not made to fit together, so I had a hard time figuring out how to install them. I also did not like that it came with a little paper template to cut out the microphone for my daughter, which I also had to find on the internet. It did work out to be a good product for the price but the instructions are very bad. The next step to voice chat is to find a small and easy to carry case that will fit the voice box which is the best purchase for me. I have had good luck using Skype.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the samsung lg iphone for 2 years, and i can honestly say that it is not worth the money. the screen is horrible, the sony soundboard is garbage, the screen cannot be adjusted (you have to be very careful to make sure that you are touching the right spot when adjusting the screen) and the s/n has to be manually reset with a computer, but the worst part is that i have to constantly change the battery, as the battery lasts way too little. i bought this for my dad, and he loves it. i have bought this phone for my parents, and they have the s3 and they love it. but i think this phone is too cheap. i will never buy another samsung phone again, as i think the phone is very cheaply made and is the only thing that bothers me about this phone. i can only hope that there are cheaper and better models coming out soon, but for now this is not the phone to buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First off, i bought the ipad mini, it's a very good device, but it's not great. I don't like the fact that the touch pad is not a clickpad and the button is very hard to press. The buttons are also very mushy and make it difficult to use the device. My only hope is that the next one will be better.  5 out of 5 stars Gwen This is a great device, i love how you can change the settings by tapping them. I have not used it long enough to judge the sound, but the battery life is excellent and the size is perfect. It does not come with a case and i'm not sure how long it will last, but i will get one. -M  4 out of 4 stars Lisa I just love this little device. I use it for taking notes in my journal, but I also use it to take photos, as I have to carry my camera bag and not have to worry about it. It is so easy to use and the interface is easy to navigate. The only thing I wish it came with is a stylus (like a pen). It's hard to keep track of the pen tip when you are writing down and I have misplaced it a couple times. Also, if you use it with an iPad, you have to turn off the Airplane Mode so that the AirDrop feature works. .  and yes, I still think it's my favorite. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device is OK, but the button to connect to the power is a bit too hard to press. This makes it harder to connect the power to the device. The button to change between modes is a little too easy to press and is also a bit hard to change from one mode to another. Also the device is not waterproof.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I received my computer as a replacement for a laptop that I had that started to not work. It is a wonderful machine and a wonderful price! The only thing that I have to say is, I wish they had included a floppy drive and not an optical drive. The software does not come with the computer and I would have to purchase the software. But the only other thing is, the screen is small. The computer works great and I am very happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a very good device, but its very hard to turn it on and off! I tried for hours to get it to turn on and turn off but I had to open the case, open the cable and remove the battery before it would start. If I could give this product 0 stars I would. It would be so nice if I could just plug in and turn it off but this is just a great device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------This is the third time I have purchased this device. The first one lasted a year and it worked well. The second one lasted three months. The third one has a problem. After a month it no longer works. The batteries last all of one week and then die. I have no idea how to get the unit to function. I guess I will have to go to my local pawn shop and ask them how to do it.  by: Robert M. on 07/27/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is small, so it is difficult to see the menus. The buttons are poorly designed and don't seem to respond when pressed. The phone doesn't charge very well. The speakers are weak. The camera is a little slow and doesn't take good pictures. The software is very basic and hard to use.  I am disappointed. A very basic, low-budget phone with a limited feature set, poor build quality and a few bugs. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't need a great camera, a fast processor and the ability to make calls.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and a half. it works well but the buttons are very sensitive and very difficult to hit. i have tried several different wireless keyboards and the Logitech G910 Orion Spark works much better for me. i hope it lasts longer but i have to pay for replacements.  Rated 5 out of 5 by M.R. from This keyboard is the best keyboard I have ever used. I have tried other keyboards before, and they were not as nice as this one. I use it almost every day and never have any trouble with it. The keys are very easy to use and the layout is very convenient. It comes with a few keys that are not used much, but I never used them anyway. It's so simple to use, and the keyboard is quite comfortable to use. The battery life is very good, and I can use it all day without having to change it. I love it so much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the first time I have purchased anything from this site. I purchased the S-600 from the site. The packaging was good, as it was very secure and well packaged. I'm sure I would have had to replace it anyway, but the S600 came with no warranty. The unit itself is fine, and I like the fact that the unit is made in the USA. The only issue is the price, the unit was $199.99. The S-900 is $279.99, which is almost $200 less expensive, but it does have more features. It is also much smaller, and the buttons are much harder to press.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I purchased this product and I cannot believe that it works! I can't believe that there is not a single thing that can go wrong with this. So, I am going to be sending it back and I am just glad that I purchased it. I would NOT recommend this device to a friend!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this product with my own money and I did not enjoy it at all. I did the first couple of days that I had it, and it did work. But when it was all said and done, I ended up with the biggest disappointment that I've ever had with any device I purchased. I've never experienced a device that has such a bad battery life. I tried to charge it every day but I ended to getting a very poor battery life after a month of usage. If you want a good looking, easy to use, but very expensive looking electronic device, then I would not recommend this product. This device is made to be used with a phone, but I find that it does not work with a mobile device. I'm on the third week of using this, and I have no idea why. It doesn't work on a mobile phone, even with the latest update. This device has a lot of potential but it does have a lot to work on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The "battery" on this device, is really bad. I bought this for a friend of mine, and it didn't even last 2 months. The first time he used it he just plugged it in and it died, then he got the same thing with a different battery, and he didn't like that one either. I don't recommend this product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- After getting this unit, the main problems with it was: - The unit's touchpad was a little too small for my hands to use. - The audio port was too noisy (the speaker is in the bottom of the unit and you can hear it from across the room, I also had a roommate who would complain about this). The unit was fine when I used it with a bluetooth headset and it's quiet. The only thing I don't like about it is the weight and size. I am 6'4" and the unit is too heavy for me. I can use it in a car, but it's definitely not the ideal device for long trips.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** This is my third Garmin that I have purchased. I am not sure why they changed the firmware but it is a huge bummer. I purchased the FR220 a few years ago for the beach and now I want a better bike computer and this one is so bad I'm giving it a 1 star. I did not like the back light that flashes and changes colors which makes it harder to read on the road. I thought the computer could do better with this one but it really doesn't. I also have a lot of problems with it and I don't know if I will ever get it to work again. I don`t understand the warranty or if I can return it. I have the newer model and I think it is better but I am willing to give this one a chance because the other models are just so bad. If I ever need to return this one, I will be sure to do so.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good, but need to change firmware I have had this for about 4 months. I love the map and the map overlay that you can view on the bike computer screen. I just wish that Garmin would make a firmware update so I could get the map as well. I would have given it a 4.5 if the map would work with it.  I am happy with the map display, I find it helpful for navigation and it is very clear. The problem is with the software that controls the bike computers and GPS. There is no map overlay in the map screen. It takes several tries to get the right map, and then when you finally do get it, it's hard to read. The map overlays on the map are very poor, especially for the smaller maps. For example, if I am on the south side of the bay bridge, the map looks like a giant circle with the road markers on it. Then if I look at the road map, the road is in the middle and not on the outside. This is a major problem. I can't even use the bike to get around the bay. This software is a nightmare. There are no updates available for the FR230 and I am looking forward to a firmware upgrade for the older FR220, but I won't have a map until there is an update.  to give a review is to encourage the manufacturer to fix these problems. I bought this device and I love it. The bike computer is great, the maps are clear and I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************************  The unit worked for a couple of months, then one of the buttons started working only for a short time. It's not a huge deal, but if it's the button that is the problem, it should have been replaced with a button that didn't have this problem. I also tried to call support and they gave me a different phone number. The support person would not talk to me for a week. I finally found a solution online: the button would reset, then work, then reset. I just tried to reset the button, which worked fine. I don't like the idea that the button doesn't work, but at least I can fix it myself. I'm not happy that I can't get support, but I do have an option to buy a replacement if I really need it. If it was easy to use, I'd be satisfied, but it seems like the problem is just a button problem. If I could give this product a 2 out of 5, I would, but the poor design is just too much to deal with for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this product to get some music on the go. The product does not work very well. The USB ports are too small to use a keyboard, and the speaker ports are very small. The device is very heavy, and has a very long cord, which I was very uncomfortable to wear for many hours. The speaker volume is very low and the audio quality is poor. The case is very flimsy and will break when you try to charge the device. I recommend this product for the cheap price but not for music playback.  Review of DJM-600M + Soundcard: I have this soundcard with my DJM600M+ with the USB cable. The music is very clear, no noise at all. I've never been able to listen to my own music through the computer with the speakers and mic. I can listen to music with the soundcard.  to my point... It does sound a little better than the standard PC speakers, but it's still not enough. The DJM 600M is not a portable device. It's a professional audio device that costs more than a decent home theater system. I do enjoy using it as a desktop computer. I just wish it had a way to play MP3 files. I would be interested in a DJM 500 with a USB soundcard, as I do not need the sound of a portable audio device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for over a year and it is still the most expensive piece of gear i have ever purchased. ive bought another one but will not be buying another one. i am sorry i bought this but the price of this item was way to much for me to justify the cost. the only reason i am giving it 3 stars is the fact that it is easy to set up and can be charged by usb. but once it is charged it just cant keep up with my phone. i bought it for $300 but the cost of batteries alone is going to push me out of pocket for the rest of my life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for a while and i have used it to watch tv, listen to music and even browse the web. i did have one problem, it is that it has a weak battery. i tried everything to get the battery to last, i used a different usb cord for the device and even switched from using usb to bluetooth. i was able to watch the same tv show on the laptop and my phone was able still to work. i didnt have any trouble with it at all. the problem is that its battery lasted for only an hour and 30 minutes and that was with the most intensive use. if it lasts for more than 30 minutes i will have to go to the store and buy another one. if you buy this product its a great investment. but if you are only using it for watching tv then it might not be worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to use this product for a while now, but i cant use it due to some problems. the buttons don't work and the sound is too quiet. the usb port is not a usb-c port and the port is small and hard to use. i have an android device so i can use android, but it works fine with apple ive tried to use the computer for internet too. i was going to order another one but i think i should give it a chance. i love my macbook pro, but ive had to give it away because of the cheap ebay deal i found. i will give this a try.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very noisy and the display is very hard to see.  I have to keep adjusting the brightness because it is very difficult to see the text.  The only negative is that the speakers are quite low quality.    The volume is okay but not as loud as I would like. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the sony vio and ive been looking for a decent digital recorder. this thing is cheap and the sound quality is crap. i had to put the recorder in the drawer.  I bought the Sony VIO3 because it was the cheapest recorder for the price. The recorder does not record audio, it is a computer based recorder. I was disappointed to find that it was not a very good computer based computer based audio recorder. The recording quality was terrible. I have used several different devices that record audio and all of them are more expensive than the Sony. . I bought the VIO 3 because it is the cheapest for the money. The VIO was a very nice recorder but it was more of a computer to computer device rather than a good computer recorder. However, it was easy to use and I like the fact that it has an external mic and a headphone jack. The problem is that it only records audio at 48kHz. The problem is also that the sound doesn't seem to be recorded as a separate channel. The only thing I can think of is that the audio is stored as the highest bit of the track but not as a stereo signal. The quality is still ok but I think this is a waste of the $29.99 price point. I think I will use the audio out of the unit as a computer audio recorder to record my computer files to a computer. 1 of 1 found this review helpful, did you? Yes No  Was this review useful for you? No No  and it's just a piece of junk. I used to love this recorder but now I can't stand it. The sound quality has gone down. I would recommend the Yamaha SPX1. It's a much more affordable and I believe more portable unit. I had to buy this as an emergency backup for my Sony DVC-S1 recorder.  a piece to junk, I'd recommend the SPX2 for sure. I would also like to add that I purchased a new Sony DV100 digital video camera, and it has the same issue. I'd give it a 5 out of 5 but I have a feeling that they are going to fix the issue. Why are these only selling for a dollar? There is no way the unit would be as cheap as they are if the sound was not recorded separately. I also found that the USB interface that comes with the recorder is a very low quality interface, and when
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6 plus, when I bought it, the phone had a lot of problems. The screen would go blank, screen would freeze, and the phone would go to the back. I bought a new one from the market and it works perfectly. I like this phone, but I hope Apple will fix the problems they have with this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone for over a year and i've only been using it for about 1 month so far. it's the first iphon i've owned and i was really disappointed when i tried to update it to the latest version and i have to pay over $50 to do so. i've tried the instructions for several times to make it work and it always crashes or gets lost and i cant get it to connect with my network. my wifi is the only thing that i have good about this iphonet. i just wish the price would be more reasonable  Did you find this helpful? 3 of 3 Found Helpful  David  5  Reviewed by:from St Louis MO. on 2/25/2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my aging Sony Walkman which I still use. The first time I played a song on it, it made my skin itch and a light bulb went off: _____________ It's a Sony, and if you know me you know I am a Sony guy. But I was very disappointed with the Sony Walkmans I bought before this. They didn't have the same sound quality, and they were just way too big to use on the go. This is definitely a step up in quality. It's pretty much the same size as my old Walkman, but it's much more portable. The sound quality is great, the buttons and switches are all easy to use, and the battery life is fantastic. The only complaint I have is that the batteries can only last about 3 hours, and you can't charge it while it's playing. If you have a Sony Walkmen you will want this, if you don't, it won't replace them.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great device. It's easy to use and has the features I want in a smartphone. The problem is that it's not very reliable. It randomly stops working, and if you don't pay attention to it, it stops working altogether.   I have to replace it every few months. It also has a built in camera that's useful, but I wish it was a little bigger and had a microphone.  Review of DJI Mavic Pro + Phantom 4 Pro: The best beginner drone I've ever flown   Pros: - great video quality, especially in low light - powerful and well balanced - excellent build quality - very durable, not too heavy for an entry-level drone - small enough to fly with one hand - excellent battery life - quick response time - great features - great price - simple to fly, even if you've never flown a drone before - the camera is great but you have to pay for it  Cons: - only available in white
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device has no support for a remote control, which is a big turn off for me.   If it is a one-button device, I can't imagine a reason why you'd buy it.  The fact that it's a one button device is what makes it even more disappointing.  You have to hold down the button to activate the light and the mode selection switch is in the bottom of the device, which means that you'll have to use your thumb to turn it on and off.  I bought this to take with me on my camping trips and so far I'm disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this keyboard for a while now and it does the job, but ive had it since October and ive yet to get a replacement, i have had to go back and forth with my dealer to get them to ship it out because i can't get it repaired. so i will never buy another one of these, i would highly recommend if you want a nice keyboard but you want it working right away.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  The unit worked great for a couple of months, then the power went out. I had to buy a new one. I do not know how long the warranty will last, but if they give you a new unit it is worth it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This is a great computer but it can be very noisy. I used to be able to hear it. When I turned it off it sounded like a vacuum cleaner or something. The only way I can explain it is like a car radio with a sub woofer. It's not that loud but it still bothers me. It can be heard from a lot further than the speakers. I can't hear it when playing games. I have been using a cheap computer which was also very noisy, but this one is so loud I can hear it from a good distance. I will not be buying another one. I also have a laptop and the computer is much quieter than this. If you don't have to hear that noise at all it's a great unit. If it bothers you then you should not buy this.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone does not work at all. I was told I could buy a refurbished Samsung and they said it would be working by the end of the week, but no. I called and was told it was being repaired and would be shipped out by next week. I still do not have a phone! Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This product was a big disappointment. I expected a good sound and this is the worst I have ever heard from the Yamaha. I've had my Yamaha's for more than 25 years and this was the first time I have had a sound that was not a very good quality. The sound is just a low quality. When I turn it up and crank it it sounds just as bad as the first one I had. I am a professional musician and am not a audiophile but I will not buy another Yamaha product and I hope Yamaha will discontinue this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I bought the iPhone 4 in August 2011 for $199. The iPhone 4 had some serious problems. It took forever to charge. The battery did not last very long and I couldn't use it for anything besides calling. After all this I finally found a used iPhone 4 and bought it for $150 from another friend. I have no complaints. I just hope Apple fixes the problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it would be a shame if my new Samsung Galaxy S4 did not work as I expected.  The device is quite well made.    The design of the Galaxy S5 is very good.  The device does not feel cheap at all.  This device is very lightweight and very slim.  I am very satisfied with my purchase. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My new computer is a very old Dell that I bought in late 2014. It was not a good purchase because the screen was horrible and the keyboard was very small and hard to type with. The only thing that made it worth it was that it had a lot of apps that I would like to use and use to get better at my job. I had the computer for about a year and I am sad to say that the keyboard broke at the same time that my screen broke. I have used my old one for over a year but my old keyboard still has no keys on it. This time I will be getting a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really like this product, but the screen is so small I can barely see anything at all. The volume control is on the side of the device and I find it difficult to turn the volume up. I also have a problem with the "quick launch" feature. You can't really launch anything from this feature. The only option is to select a file.   The only reason I give this device 4 stars is because it's made by Motorola. I would recommend it, but it's a little on the large side.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________I got a Samsung Galaxy S3 with the Note II and I really love it! However, I have to say that it is difficult to change the batteries, and when I do, it takes 2-3 hours to change them. Also, the phone does not recognize my contacts as being on the SIM card, so I cannot use my personal phone number for things like email and social media.I think the Samsung Galaxy has a lot of potential, and it is just unfortunate that Samsung has let a lot to this thing go.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was very hard to find a charger that would work. I got it and plugged it in and got a loud noise like a bad power adapter. I don't know if that's a problem with my power adapter or the charger. The charger was also very hard. It wouldn't charge my phone and I had to unplug it. I was afraid that I might have to replace the whole thing so I got a new charger. This is the second charger that has had this problem with me and I've already gotten another one. It's a bad experience to have to go through.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a Samsung TV about 4 months ago and it works great but I'm really disappointed. I bought the 4K version which I love and I also bought the remote control so I can use my remote as a remote for my TV. It's so difficult to use because you have to hold the button on the remote until it vibrates and then it just vibrates once and it turns on and off with the TV. I have tried using my tablet and my phone as a keyboard but it's just not easy to type fast and also have to constantly hold the remote.   So I'm hoping that I can get my money back. But I'm a very disappointed person because I love my TV and it's really worth the money and I really like the remote because I can keep using my remote with my TV on.   and my other comment is I have no idea why my TV is always turning on and then off after I turn it off. I'm always wondering if I'm doing something wrong.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this to replace my old laptop. I did not buy the extra power adapter. I tried a usb hub and it works fine. The screen is a little low res. It has an average battery life of 4 hours and 50 minutes. This is good if you are doing light work, but not if you need a heavy duty computer. I have used my old computer and my laptop with this power adapter for 3 years and it still works. I would recommend this to people who need a cheap computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product has a bad reputation because its a cheap item. It will not play music at all, but its an mp3 player with no sound. The only way to listen to music on this is to buy a sound system. This is just not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I love this product but it is a huge pain in the ass to use. When I first got it it was working fine. After using it for several days, the touch screen does not work. I have used a mouse to get the function back to work. It's a total pain to use and it's really expensive. I wish I never got this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** The battery life on this phone is terrible, you should never use it. The screen gets super bright and the phone gets hot. The earpiece is horrible, the speaker quality is horrible and the buttons are very small. If you are looking for a cheap phone to have a good screen and speaker this phone does not meet your needs. I'm returning this device. *****  Rated 5 out of 5 by Aussie Guy from Excellent! So far so good. The phone is great, battery life is better than I thought it would be, it's very thin and light, and it's the most powerful phone I've had. The only thing I wish it had was a fingerprint scanner. I've been using it for a few weeks now and it is pretty awesome. If it were cheaper I would buy it again.  Read more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________________ The "Pro" model was a huge step in the right direction from what i was expecting, but there were some big problems: 1. The screen was not very bright. This is a big deal. I work outdoors and have to read the screen constantly, so the more light the better. 2. The microphone jack is too far out of the way. The mic is too sensitive to ambient noise and has a very harsh tone, and I could not use it when I wanted to use the speaker. It is also not easy to plug in and off. 3. The battery life is not great. You can get through the day with it but I will probably buy a backup battery to keep it going. I also wish the backlight on the screen was brighter. 4. The design of the touch pad was terrible. It would be nice to be able to resize the touchpad, but that was not possible. 5. The Bluetooth speaker was the only one that worked, but the quality was awful. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ I was very impressed by the specs and looks of the Zune HD. I bought it to replace my iPod touch 4G, which I've been using for the last 10 years. I love my iPod Touch, but I was looking for a new device that was better in many ways. After using the Zunes for a few days I have to say that the quality of the audio, touch screen, battery life, speaker, and general build quality are all better than the iPod Touch. I don't care about the color or size. The Zune is definitely a more comfortable device to use, and it's easy to find apps that are compatible with it. I've noticed a few small improvements over the previous generation, however, the Zemos have some of the most frustrating design flaws. The iPod Touch has no problems with the screen. The iPhone is great, but you can't have the same screen quality on an older device. The touch screen on the Zeman is like having a cheap glass screen on a very old computer. The main thing I dislike about the Zemo is the wireless speaker. There is no built in mic, which is very annoying if you're out in the middle of nowhere and want to talk to someone. __________________________________________________________  A Review by Toni: _______________________________________________ I have the Z-Series Zemus. I had the one that was delivered to me. I used it a few
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s was ok, but not as good as my other devices, i will be going with my new nexus 7.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 12, 2013  great device  by A Customer from Lubbock TX USA  Pros: Very fast shipping  Cons: none  Review: Works great  was one of the first devices I purchased. It was a little bit heavy for me at first but after a few days it is fine. I will definitely be buying another  Be safe  and have fun  Thank you for sharing this great device with us.  and have fun.  of course i will. .  is there a better way to do it?  (review of free book)  Great product.  a great price. I am glad I purchased this product. Very happy with my purchase and am very satisfied with the service I received.  the only thing I would suggest is to order online from a company that doesn't use fake or defective items. I ordered mine from the Chinese company, but I will never order from them again. I just don't trust them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The original Dell Venue 8 was very good.  Unfortunately, I had to return it because it was just too heavy.  I got it for $250 off ebay.  If I would have gotten this, I would never have bought an iPad Mini.  It was just way too heavy for my liking.  I wish they would bring this back.  The price is very fair, especially if you're looking to replace an older tablet that you still use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this item for my dad as a Christmas gift. When I got the package I found that he had bought a different item and that is the one that I am using now. This product was a complete disappointment. The only good thing about it is that it looks like a phone but that is not very important. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month and the buttons don't work at all... and its broken! its a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a good sony camera for a while now, but was never able to find one that fit the bill, but i have to say this is the only camera i have owned, and the best value for the money, the only downside is the weight.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product is a great idea, but it failed miserably. I got it about a month ago, and I can say that it works better than the original iPhone. It's so much more useful to have an app on your phone that allows you to make calls or check messages when you are on the go. But the main problem is the battery. It takes two and a half hours to charge, and that's with using the included charging cord. That's not bad for an original iPhone, but for a secondhand product, that's not very good. I would not recommend this product to a friend, because of the battery problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the iPhone 7 plus and I had to replace the battery in the iPhone 6 Plus. It took me a while to find a place that would accept it. The seller had to give it away because it was too expensive.  It was so bad that I had a hard time using it for a month. I ended up buying the iPhone 8 Plus. ___________________________________________________________ I purchased the new iPhone 7 last year and I'm glad I did. It is very fast and easy to use.  _______________________________________________________ I love the phone.  It's perfect for me and my husband.  I wish that they had the charger to go with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I was very disappointed when i first used this for the first time. It took a few days but eventually it works ok. but when i tried to turn it on it started making a high pitched whine which was annoying as it was loud and annoying to others. but at the end it was still working so i gave it a try and was very happy with it as it does the job. The only thing i would change is that the cable on the bottom of the unit needs to be replaced because it was very short and the cord had an issue when i attached it to the wall. The unit itself is very small and does the function but the sound quality was not that good. I recommend this product but you should look at the sound and the cable to see what you want.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent Sound! I bought this after seeing the reviews on here. It is a great product and works exactly as described. I did find that the sound was a little louder than expected, but the speakers are very quiet so I do not think that was the issue. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The first thing I noticed was the screen is very reflective and if I was to touch the screen it would be very hard to make out the lettering of the letters. The second thing is that the volume knob is on the opposite side of the keyboard so if you're using a touch pad keyboard you have to hold it with your left hand while turning the volume up and down. This device is also loud and annoying because it constantly blares out the volume. I'm trying to use it to listen to music but I keep putting my headphones on and the volume gets to be so loud.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JohnB from Great Product for the price I love this product for the money and the sound. I have it on the left hand side of my work table and it's very comfortable. I can actually play on it without it being loud. It's a little on the big side but I like it for the extra space. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a couple of these things and i would have preferred more functionality. First the screen is terrible. its black and it doesnt even light up. I have tried everything from a tvs and other displays to a computer monitor to just put a black screen on it and im still unable to read anything. its not a problem for me though. The usb port is very slow. even when it says its quick its not. when its on it is slow. I would recommend you buy a usb hub because the usb port on the front of the usb hub is too small. Also the touch screen is very glitchy. I cant get it to work at all. The one thing that i really like about the thing is the ability to plug it into a TV for movies, and the fact that the USB port is so much smaller than the usb ports on my other devices. This thing wouldnt be as good as a computer if it wasnt for the fact i have to plug everything into a computer. Also I dont know why the price is so high but it seems like a lot of money to me. I feel like they could have been a little more aggressive about marketing the thing and giving it a better image and more functionality
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* The device is extremely bulky and cumbersome. The cord is long enough to be a liability. It is very annoying to have to turn the device on to use the remote. I am also concerned about the remote and battery life. I used the remote to turn on the device. I also used the device to check on the status of my dog when she was out and about. My dog was very happy with the device and is now an excellent pet. I purchased the device from Petco because the price was the best and they also had the best selection of accessories. I wish I had known this before I bought this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It took forever to connect to my computer. I finally found a workaround that worked but it's a lot of work. I thought that I would save a few dollars and buy an ethernet cord. But this is not the only thing that is not working properly. I've been using my computer for more than 3 years now and have had the same problem, but no one has fixed it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for Christmas and had a bad experience. I bought this to keep my iPhone in a case for a while but the device is so small that it is difficult to put in my case. The screen is so dim that it makes reading a text hard and the phone is so sensitive that it can get into my bag while it's on charge. I would not recommend this to anyone. A very low rating is a very low review!  If you can get past the quality issues this is a great piece of equipment.  This is a nice little USB charger that I like.  Good little little USB USB Charger!  USB Charger for iPhone 6.    This is the only one of these USB chargers that I have owned.  I use this one for charging my iPhone 6 on a day-to-day basis and it works great.  It can take two AA batteries so you can charge it from a small flashlight battery or a solar battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "All technology ends in tears."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this device because it looked like it would be pretty easy to connect to my computer. It worked well on the first try, but after a couple of hours of use the power button began to be "burnt out" with a little black smoke. I contacted the company and was told that I needed to use a different battery and that the problem would be fixed within a couple weeks. When I tried this second battery, the smoke and no power was still there. I called again, and this time was told the same thing, that the batteries were defective. The first couple of times I tried using a different set of batteries, it worked. However, after several days of using the same set of battery, it still wouldn't charge. I am going to have to return this device and buy a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was having a great time with this device until I started to have trouble connecting to my phone. The problem was that the charger cable was too long. I found that I had to shorten the cable by about half to get it to connect. I had a hard time getting the charger to stay connected to my laptop.  It doesn't fit on my laptop and the USB port doesn't seem to fit the battery. I would not recommend this product. 3.5 Stars:    The device works, but the battery life is limited. 4 Stars:   The product works, if you use it as intended.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a terrible product and I will never buy it again. The problem is that the buttons are just not designed well and they constantly break. I have had to replace my keyboard many times. I'm not sure if they are cheap enough to just replace it with another one or if it is an assembly issue, but I was going to just get a new one and go back to the old one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Tofo from Awesome little keyboard! I purchased the K60 because it was cheap, durable, and easy to program. I also wanted a mechanical keyboard, and this is my first mechanical keyboard. I've had a few other keyboards before, but this is the first time I've bought a "keyboard" without using a PC for a computer. It's a great keyboard. There is no learning curve at all, and I'm using it every day. It has all the keys you need to type and the extra row of function keys is nice. It doesn't take up much space on the desk either, and it's small enough to fit in a laptop bag. I love the fact that it's programmable, and the built in macro keys are very handy for quick input.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over 2 years now and it is still working like new. i have an old macbook pro that had the same problems and the battery was only good for a few months. this is the first computer that i can use and not have to pay for another new one. i love this device and would recommend it to anyone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 15, 2014  This is the Best I've used.  in my book  by Brian from Washington, DC on 01/15/2014  I purchased my CX-10 from a friend, and it was the first time I used it since my previous one had failed. I have used it for everything. It has great battery life, I can use it on my lap while watching TV. I don't need a laptop computer, just a good laptop. I highly recommend this product. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!   This is a nice device. I have had it for a few months now. The battery has been going out every couple of days but it still works. I also got a little tired of the little screen and the sound. I am going to use a different bluetooth device for now. It is a little loud too.   It is a good device but needs a better charger. I bought the bluetooth because I needed a device that would allow me to control my TV and other devices wirelessly. However, the charger is not capable of charging the device at all. It only charges it when you are using it.   and this is not the best bluetooth speaker   I love my bluetooth speakers and I use them a lot. But this one has a really poor sound. It's hard to talk with the speakers on. The bass is really low, and the treble is just off. I can't understand a word I'm saying on my Bluetooth speaker.   a great bluetooth wireless speaker, but the sound is a bit disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this unit to monitor my baby's blood pressure. After two days the unit stopped working. The unit was on the charger for 4 hours and then went to the off position. No warning or other indication that the unit was off. No replacement was offered. It's a good device for the price but I would avoid this brand in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while, i had to go back to my other g3 and i'm glad i did. i like the size, it's not so heavy and the g buttons are nice. but the touchpad is very flimsy. you have to really push it in to get a firm click. i have to push it back a few times and it still feels like its not in perfect position. the only thing i dislike about this is the usb port. if you don't use it very often you can easily lose the usb cable in the back. the screen is ok for a $130+ device. it's fine for playing games but you wont find much good stuff on youtube. it works great for youtube but the quality isn't top notch. i also have a samsung s4 mini and i love it more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Apple Wireless Keyboard was terrible for me. It's so bad, in fact, that I'm willing to bet the rest of Apple's keyboard lines are terrible as well. The wireless keypads are all too big for my hands and the typing experience was awkward. It doesn't matter how much you think you love the product, you're going to hate it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received the Nitecore M8 as a replacement for my original S3 mini which I have been using for about a year and it is amazing. I got a light and a flash. I bought it on sale because the only one that was out at the time was a flash and it was too expensive.   It's so bright that it takes a couple of minutes to turn it off and on. I had to buy a charger, because I had been using a 5v usb charger with it before and it's very hot. The flash is very bright and I can use it to illuminate a room in darkness or when it's dark.  It does have a lot of power and you have to pay attention to it, because you don't want to blow it up with a weak battery.  I can't find any negative things about the M8 other than the fact that it does not work with a 5V usb adapter.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was looking for a simple, simple and powerful device that would replace my old Dell laptop. This one was perfect in every way, but it is also very expensive. I will only recommend this for people who do not have the cash for a Dell.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jimmy from this product is terrible. i used it to connect a wireless mouse to a windows machine, and the connection is horrible, it doesn't stay connected to the mouse at all. i can't use the mouse, and i'm trying to figure out how to fix it. i bought this for $130. i wish i would of bought something else
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my second laptop from this company. My first one died on me. This time it worked for less than a week. I've replaced the hard drive and battery, but the keyboard was bad. The screen would only show about 50% brightness and the touchpad was so slow that I had to turn it off and on. It is still under warranty so I'm hoping I can get a replacement. The other negative is the wireless networking is horrible. It just seems to have no range. I'm still hoping that a new one will come in the next year. I guess I'll have to settle for a Lenovo, at least I'll get a second one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't take a lot to turn this thing into a flop.  The sound quality is a mess and I have to put a good bit of effort into this to get it to work. ______________________________________________ What do you think about the new iPhone 6S? Do you have a problem with it? Have you been holding off upgrading? Have you considered getting the Samsung Galaxy S6?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone is junk. its made by apple for the most part, but iphones are the same problem, they suck, no real good, very old design. you have to pay $200 or more for a new one and then you get a piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for a few years now and it has not lived up to its expectations. ive had a couple of bad failures (the screen on my laptop was a different color and the usb port didn't work). ive tried to return it, but there is a wait for them to fix it (2-3 weeks) and i am not willing to spend that much money on a device when there are so many more reliable devices out there. i wish i could find a good brand that had better performance and reliability.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ It's great until it breaks and you have to buy another. This thing is so flimsy and weak. If you're going to buy it, at least make sure the case is going to be strong enough to hold it. I'm just going to try to live with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the bluetooth speaker for a while now, and i really like it, but ive noticed that it is a bit too loud for me, which is really annoying. i have a car that has the blu ray player and the blu rays are quite loud, and it is just as loud as the car speakers. so if you dont want the loudness then the blu earbuds are the way to go. i did notice that the earbud came with a couple of tiny scratches in it. i hope this is just a normal thing because the blu-earbuds dont come with a case, so you have to buy one if you want one. and the case comes off pretty easily. and i just dont see the point of buying blu-buds when you can get a blu-ray player for less. but i guess they arent as good as a blu ray for your car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________ I purchased this camera about a month ago and have been using it for about two weeks. I use it to take a lot of pictures for a school project. It takes a lot but the pictures are so bad it's really difficult to look at. I'm thinking it is the lens but not sure. I bought this because the lens is cheap and easy to replace. The camera has a lot going for it but it has a really bad camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap electronic device that needs to be bought after you have a good working relationship with your electrician and a working understanding of the electric wiring. It is very hard to turn off when the door is closed. I will buy another and recommend it only if you can make it work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard on my iphone 4s is horrible.  The keys are stiff and I can't feel them.  I'm still using the same iphones that I used 2 years ago.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I really thought that I would have bought this after all the reviews I had seen. I got this to replace my old cell phone and this does not fit my phone, the screen is too small, the buttons are not comfortable and the battery lasts only 1/3 of the time. I have been trying to contact the manufacturer but to no avail.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- When I purchased the XBX-D1 I had a problem with the unit. When I was doing the initial setup and after I had the unit plugged in it had no audio output. After some research on the web I found the solution on your website, but it cost me $80. I went back to my local electronics store to get the solution I was looking for, but they wouldn't fix it. I ended up having to have my local retailer (Cabela's) fix it for me. So I spent $80 to fix it myself. I didn't even get to enjoy using the unit until today when I got the unit back. I'm sure I will be happy with the new firmware. The price is great for the product! ---------------  Awesome! I've owned several other models of XB-D2 and the XBA-D4. I've found these to be a perfect combination of size, weight, sound, and features. It's my go-to headphone for a number of reasons: the comfort, the clarity, the fit, the sound, the noise isolation. If I could give it 10 stars, I would. I have the bass in the mid and treble and the mids are just right. The bass is a little deeper and the treble is a tad more pronounced than the others I have, but you get what you pay for with these. The noise isolation is also a huge plus for me, but again, you get exactly what you paid for with the XBs. I'll be picking up another pair in the near future. Thanks again.  My new favorite. The XB D4 is by far my favorite headphone! I use them with my ipod, and I'm a huge fan of the sound quality and the comfort. The build quality is fantastic as well. The cable is the best cable I have ever used and the ear pads are very comfortable. The sound is superb. The only problem I have is that I want to have more bass. The sub-bass is quite good but the upper bass is lacking a little. Overall, I highly recommend these headphones. I think that these will make it into my rotation.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this item as a replacement for a broken phone. The first time I used it, I was disappointed with the sound quality. The voice came out distorted and it would not play back a full song. It sounded like the phone was going out of range. I returned it and ordered a new one. I am pleased to say that it works much better now and sounds like it is made to last. I was worried that I would be replacing an expensive item with a cheap one but the only thing I would change is the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I bought this as a backup to my laptop. I am sure I will not need this but it is nice to have it. I bought this in black and the quality is very good. However, the design is very cheap and the plastic is very soft and weak. I would not recommend this product. I have returned it to the store that I bought it from.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from Great Product This is a very nice replacement for my laptop's battery which has run out. I recommend this to anyone who has a new laptop and is having trouble using it.  the usb ports are very convenient and the battery life is fantastic!  The only problem is that it is a bit pricey, especially when you compare it to a normal laptop battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s ive had it for about a year and a half and has had several problems, one being it gets extremely hot even with a case on it, and i can only imagine what its like to hold in your hand the heat, and also the poor battery life. ive replaced my phone every year or so since i got it but this year it just seems to be running down. ileast of all ive never had an issue with the iphones security, if anything its an added benefit as i have been able to open the imegs with my phone without the case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a year now, but ive seen a lot of problems that have been corrected by the manufacturer. I have the original model, which is a bit older, and the problems were more pronounced with the newer model (model EZ2). I used the newer EZ1 and it still worked for a while, but the noise levels got really bad and i couldn't use it at all. I decided to get the EZ3 and i'm very happy with the way it works now. The only problem i see is that the button on the back isn't as smooth as the ones on the original models. But overall i'm happy with my purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bill from Great little computer This is a great little computer. The EZ-1EZ2 is very user friendly and works great. I recommend this to my friends and I'm glad I purchased this item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1) I have no idea what I'm doing;  2) It doesn't work; -it works! Last edited by Biker on Thu Dec 08, 2011 5:29 am; edited 1 time in total
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have had the new model of this headset for over a year now and have had to replace the earpieces. They are very cheap and the ones that come with it don't work at all. I went to the local hardware store to get some new ones. I had to pay for shipping to get a new one because the first one had to be shipped back. They have a warranty but that is about it. I have tried to find a solution on the web and can not find anything that works. I'm so disappointed with the sound quality. I don't use any other headsets and was going to order some more, but now that I've gone through that I will not buy any more. I've heard about other companies but I'm not sure what to think of them. I would never recommend this headset to anyone, even if they were willing to send you the broken parts.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     i love my pd s9, i dont need a new one, but i cant go back to my old pd.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A great product, it is a great device for those who have problems with the micro usb port. This has a built in battery so you dont have to plug in a power brick to get it up and running. I also have a iphone 5, this is a little bit larger, but it works just fine. I would like to see a version that uses a normal USB cable instead of the micro USB.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad buy. The price is too high and the sound is weak and inconsistent. I tried two different speakers on it, both of them broke within a month. I have also tried a speaker that had the same issue but it didn't last too long.  So for me the speakers are garbage, and for that price you can buy a better one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband and he's been enjoying it. However, there's been a lot of problems with this thing. First of all, it works great as a remote control for my television. However when I tried to use it to change channels on my television it wouldn't change the channel. Instead it would change it to a commercial. Then when I moved the remote control over to the television it worked great, but the television wouldn't turn on! I tried a lot and tried several other remotes and none of them worked. Then I tried it on my computer it worked but I couldn't do anything on my desktop computer. Finally, I found another remotes that work well but this one has a lot more problems than the others.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - It would not charge even when plugged in  - I had to remove the battery and the charger  (I have a LG Optimus S3 and this works fine)  I don't know if you will be able to get it to work but I was just really dissapointed in this product.  It was really bad to have to buy a new phone if I wanted to upgrade to a new model.   Now I'm on a Galaxy S5 and I'm loving it. I think that if I didn't have to go back to a phone I would buy the S3 again. I do not regret buying this phone at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a cheapo usb cable for years. this one wasnt even that good, i used to use it for playing songs on my ipod touch, then i upgraded to my phone, now i use the usb to usb cable to charge my ipad and iphone simultaneously. now its time to upgrade again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the worst phone I have ever used. The phone is not even remotely connected to the internet or a phone number and its just a really slow phone with a very bad touch screen. I just bought a different phone and I am so happy with that. I have never been so disappointed with a new phone before. I was thinking that I was buying a new computer. It is very expensive and there is nothing to do with the phone that I am not doing on my computer. The best part is the price is still very reasonable. I will never buy another Apple product again! I am now looking into another brand because this one has caused me more problems than it has solved.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When i bought this i had heard good things about it so i had high hopes. I bought this because i was on my way home from work and i wanted to listen to my mp3 player. When i plugged it in and turned it on, the sound quality was pretty good and i had the radio station and all the songs played, but the screen went black and then came back to life. i couldnt hear a thing. I turned off the device and tried to put it back on but i could not get the screen to turn on, it was stuck at black and when i tried to turn it on it would not light up. It is a very expensive item and i will not be buying another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The USB port is not rated to support more than 5 amps. I am an electronic engineer, and I'm quite confident in saying that if your USB power supply is not 5 amps capable, you're doing something wrong. This is the case even if your power supply only outputs 3 amps. It seems that the power supply I bought was rated for 3 amps (3.6 volts), but this is not the case at all. This was the only reason why I got a different power supply from the first one. It was the best one I could find, but it does not work well with a computer. The USB cable is cheap and the device works fine, but the power adapter is useless. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son's school had to replace his computer because the battery drained in two days.  It took three weeks to replace the batteries and the computer would not boot. The school was very nice about it. The best part about the school's website is that you can call them if you have any questions about anything.  They even send out a replacement if the battery doesn't work for 3 days.  Posted by Kaitlyn at 8:30 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! It is an absolute pain to use. I had to re-program the app, because the first time it was set up to sync the time and date, it was broken when it did it. It will also delete your data. I have tried all sorts of ways to get it to sync, but nothing works. It does not sync to the google calendar, so if you use the google app, you can't use it. I was so upset to find out that this is what i have to deal with. I would never recommend this to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good time keeper and simple to use! I like how I can program in the time zone and how it can sync to multiple calendars! I have a lot of time on my hands so this is very useful!  Review of DJ-R900S Review by Jim. (Posted on 10/29/2016) Customer rating: Performance  Value  Quality I bought this for my wife for her birthday and she loves it. Works great. She can read it on her phone. I don't have a phone. But I love this app and use it all the time. Great app for the price.  to be continued.  is this app for you? yes/no
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this on a whim as a gift for my wife. The product was in a very nice box, but I wish it had a little more storage capacity and a small, convenient handle to carry it. The device worked great until it died about 2 months after purchase. The charger worked for about a month, but then the battery died. This was after only a few months of regular use and my wife noticed that the charger had a strange odor. I replaced the battery with a 2nd, older one from another company and that seems to be working well. However, the new battery is no longer included. So I will have to pay a fortune for a new charger, which I'm sure I will end up buying anyway because it's a very good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible device for the money, I spent the same amount on an iPod for much more quality sound. I'm going to buy a different one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this phone to use on the go, i'm glad i bought this one because its great on the train and in a car. it's a little bulky, but im sure that will be fixed. its a little loud for me, but that could be due to my headphones. but for the price its a great phone.  Good phone but can be loud and annoying at times: The phone is very good but the problem is that sometimes it will start buzzing, very annoying, also the screen gets hot so be careful when using the phone, but overall its a very good phone and a good deal at this price  Great phone, great price: I have this phone for a few months now, and I've loved it. I've had the phone for several months now and I have never had to return it. So far, I've only had the problem with my phone charging and I am really impressed by the quality of the phone. The battery lasts forever and it is so small. I also love the fact that I can carry my phone with me all the time and have it charged. The screen is great and has been easy to read even in direct sunlight. I would highly recommend this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gtx1070 for 3 months now and it has the worst battery life on a device i have ever used. The only time i can get it to charge it is when im in the shower or while using the tv, it can only hold up to 4 hours on the charge. I wish they would have made a smaller version of the gpu so the gta 5 could use the gt1070 and make a smaller size device for pc gaming.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say I'm really disappointed in the price of the Zephyr. It's a nice looking device, but it's not very easy to use, or to get a good sound out of it. I bought the "digital" version (the one that comes with the amp), but the "portable" version is way less powerful and has no headphone jack. I'm very disappointed with this product and I would NOT recommend it to anyone! Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very happy with the product and the service I have had Zephyrs in the past and they have always been very good quality and very easy and fast to use. So, I was really looking forward to getting the ZE4 (or the ZR4, if you want to call it that) and then the Z4R, but after ordering them I have to admit that I am very disappointed. The Z4's sound is pretty good, and I do get some decent bass from them. But, it seems that the Z3 was the one that had the more powerful amps and better bass, and it is the Z2 that is getting a little hard to find on the market. So I was very disappointed that I had to give up the Z1 and Z2, but I do have the Z5 which is just as good as the Z9. So far I have gotten great sound outta the Z7R which is a different amp. I will continue to buy from Music Man, they are great, and the prices are great as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a very low-grade Apple laptop as a Christmas gift. It's a great deal and the keyboard is very comfortable, but it's the screen and the mouse that are the only two things that bother me. I'm not going to buy another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a Samsung S7 edge last week for my wife who has a new Samsung phone (S8) and I wanted to do a new phone on her old phone, but she didn't want to use the "smart" features of the new phone. We had a hard time with the "OK Google" feature, and I had to switch my phone to the regular Samsung phone that she used for all her stuff to be able to use Google Now. She also had a Samsung Galaxy S7 that was a little older and not as great as this phone. So, I got this one and the only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that I would have liked to see some more options for the "Ok Google" features and the screen is too small to read at night. It's very hard to find a small screen phone at the same price point that does not have a 4k screen. I can't even use Google Maps in landscape. Also, it's very loud and doesn't have any speaker on it, but the battery lasts a long time so I just put it in my pocket to charge it in the evening.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The sound quality is ok but the buttons on the device are hard to use. I use this device as a wireless speaker, the buttons are a bit hard to press and they often need to be pressed twice. The device is also a bit bulky and it is hard to get the battery out of the case to recharge. I've tried to find a good solution to this problem but it still isn't perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the g6 for a few months now, and its ok, its just not a very good unit. the g4 was just as good for the price, and it had a great feature set, but the g5 just doesn't have anything. I have a friend who is a g5 owner and he said its the best he's ever owned and it can be beat. The only reason to get this is for the wireless function and the battery life.  I bought a g4 from my friend and now have the g8. I dont like the g7 as it has terrible build quality and battery life, and the g9 is way too expensive for what it does. The g6 is way better in every way. I just wish my g5 was still on sale. I hope you do something with the g2.  the g-series are awesome, but not the best for the money
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1) No wireless radio: a) no wireless connection (not even the USB adapter) b) the device is totally useless 2) the display is terrible: 3) the buttons are very small and too sensitive to the touch 4) the battery life is poor: 5) there is no way to turn it off completely 6) no power-on alarm 7) no way of changing the screen brightness 8) the touchpad is horrible: 9) there are no USB ports: 10) there's no removable battery 11) the screen does not allow you to use the backlight 12) it is too big to be used as a stand-alone machine 13) no case, just a thin plastic casing 14) no storage space 15) No storage space  -by b.b. (L)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I have had this for a while and the last thing I needed was another phone. I have two phones that I love and this phone was the worst one of all. It just didn't work. It wasn't even connected to the internet and when I tried to do anything on it it would just say "Device Not Found" even when I had it connected. Then it would stop responding completely. The only reason I still have it is because I wanted a backup phone because I don't want to carry two phones around. This is just a horrible product that should be avoided at all costs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the ebay version and have bought the hd one from amazon. ive bought the e-tos in the past. the only good thing about the hdd one is the battery life is great. the etos have a really bad battery life. ik i dont use the usb for any of my pc's. ike it was just a hdd and the usb ports arent used. i like the fact the the e2c cable doesnt have to be cut to connect the etek device to the ety device. iphone 6s, 7 plus, iphones 5c, 5s, 6 plus, ipads 5, 6s and 8 are ok. the ipads 8 is the best. iblio is great, iblion is great iblia 5 is a little more of a struggle. the iblios are great. its not for the beginners. iven the iphona 5s and 6s is better. ibluos, ipad mini, iblonas and ipad mini plus are not bad. it does have some good features. the design is great and the software is good. but, if you're not a big fan of touch screens you will be disappointed. it is not easy to use at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! I bought this to replace my iMac and this is the worst!!! The screen is horrible and the sound is terrible. It has to be on or off. I hate the plastic housing. I will never buy another one of these!!!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product. Not as great as the original but it still works. I was originally looking at the original Apple iMac, but after researching this model I came to a conclusion that this is a much better product. It is a little heavier than the original, but that is expected for a computer of this age. I did have to return the original as it had a few problems (missing keys, not booting, etc.). However, after returning the original I was able to install this model, which took less time and had the same issues as the old model. The only complaint I have is that the hard drive doesn't eject easily. I wish that the ejection port were a little wider to make this easier to get to. Overall, I'm happy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's so slow.  You can't even play a game with it!  My old Gameboy Advance had better battery life and I'm so frustrated that I couldn't even use it in my new system.  "A few more years, and we'll be able to play a ton of Nintendo games on our Nintendo 3DS and 2DS, too."  So my question is:   What's the difference between these two Nintendo 3Ds/2DS?   EDIT:       I got this in the mail today: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a good camera and very nice. But I have no idea how to use the button to turn the light off and on and how to adjust the flash and flash settings. I do not know how to read the instructions on the camera to adjust these settings. If I would have known, I would not have bought it. I bought this camera to use for wedding photography, but I have had no luck with this camera. I also bought the Canon 7D for $1000 and I am really happy with the quality of the camera. It works just like a 7D does and the only difference is that this one has a much bigger battery and a more powerful flash. If this camera had an automatic flash and manual settings, it would have been much better. I am very disappointed in this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The first time I bought this product I didn't like it at all. After using it for a few weeks I realized how great it was for me and my cat. The cat has been sick for a while and now has a healthy appetite. I have to feed him his food through the tube and his water is clean. I would highly recommend this product to anyone. I will be buying this product again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, December 02, 2012  This is a great product. The only thing is that it needs to be replaced every 2-3 months. -Seth  I bought this to keep my cat hydrated, but I find that I'm only using about half of the bottle. I do believe that it would be a good idea to replace the entire bottle at least once a year.  is there a good place to buy a refill of the product?  -Brent  Good product, works well. The water is the only issue. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these since 2007. I can't imagine using it to replace my old laptop. The buttons on the bottom are difficult to use. It would be easier to just get a normal computer instead of this thing. i wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for a few years and theres nothing special about it, it works ok but its really hard to keep it in the right position and keep it charged and thats the main reason i stopped using it, its just a cheap toy! i had to buy a bluetooth keyboard for it so i can type my emails!   I do like the keyboard but i think that theres too much pressure on the screen to read.   In conclusion: IVE had the bluetooth one and its ok.   a bad one.  I have an android phone and this is really good, but not as good as the apple one.   in the future i am going to buy this one, i know its not the same as the ipad but this one is a bit more powerful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have had this phone for 3 years. When I bought it, I was so impressed that I decided to give it to my friends as a gift. The device has had a lot of problems and I have given it up a few times. The worst part of it is that the only company that makes the phone that I know of is in bankruptcy. It is the only phone that has not been updated in the last 6 years. I do not recommend this product. It works fine as it is, but don't get yourself sucked into the price. This is a great phone for a great price.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device:- -------------------------- I was not expecting this to be a good phone but after a few months of use it is a very good phone and I recommend it to everyone. The one drawback is that it takes too long to recharge. It also uses a lot more power than I would like. But it is still better than a cell phone, especially for the price of $50.  The only complaint I have about this phone is that if the screen is off the phone is very hard to hear. The phone can be charged with any USB port but if you don't want to use the phone while charging it will not work. I also use my cell phone to communicate while I'm in my car. The battery charge lasts for at least a day, even with the screen on. I don't have a problem with it at all. I just wish it was a bit lighter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only problem I had with this device was the fact that the light came on and off when I wanted it to.   Other than that, I highly recommend this device. I've been a fan of this type of device for years. The battery life is outstanding. I'm very impressed with the quality of the display. I have it hooked up to a 16" tv and it works flawlessly. I don't have the exact model number, but it's the same one I had when I bought it in 2006. I'd recommend it to any person who likes the classic looking look of the old computers.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: jlh_pcs
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for a little over a year now and it just doesnt work at all. i have a problem with my iphone which is a samsung iphones. this phone does not work. Ive been using my ime from my computer and this phone doesnt work. it was supposed to work last year but it didnt work for my iplece from my iclone and now it wont work for this phone from iphlon...its been a month and still cant work. ive replaced all the parts i have on it and it still wont work. i cant even get an app that connects to the iphon and then lets you select apps...its as if i cant connect my phone to the computer. I can connect my ipod to the ipod jack in my ich9 and let it connect to my ike to make the ipad work. so i guess this is my only option. ive been paying money for this for a year and its as useless as a dead battery. it should not be this hard to use an ipod. it doesnt even connect to the usb port on the ich8...its just a dumb phone. I hope ive found a way to get this working, Ive looked everywhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a piece of crap.  It works well for the most part but after a few days of constant use it starts to sound like it's falling apart.  I have a problem with the battery that is very hard to get rid of.  If you have a hard time keeping it charged just toss it in the trash.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's hard to get a good signal from this little thing. I had to use an adapter and a second set of batteries to get it to work. When I got it in, it had been sitting on a shelf for years and was dirty. I have to use my old set of contacts for the radio, as they're about the same thickness as the plastic. I am going to try to get the battery life improved. But for $10 I'd rather have a good radio that doesn't have a battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************************** This product is a pain to use. The battery life is terrible. When you first turn it on, it turns on and then stays on forever. When the phone battery is low, you can't get any reception. If you are on a landline, you have to hold the phone very close to your ear and still hear it. When your phone is running, the earpiece has a lot of static. The microphone is very weak. It can't do voice recognition very well. If your phone doesn't get the signal, it'll keep going and going and go to a black screen. This is a really poor product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "This thing does not even work, and it was only used as a test model. It was the worst thing ever.  I was never a fan of the Apple brand and never had an iPhone before. ive never been happier to go back to an android." - The tech writer who hated the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s, it has a very low battery life and a weak screen. It has a bad design and no features. It is not even worth $150 to me. I would give this product a zero if i could.  I have only had the phone for a few days but already I am frustrated with the limited storage options. I have tried formatting my external hard drive to an external USB and a storage card but neither worked for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the kobo for several years and the last one i bought broke. ive replaced it but i cant use it now because it was made out of cheap plastic and it wont charge anymore. ived been using a cheap kobo as well and it broke in about 6 months. ike the kobos i bought in the past theyre cheap and a bit flimsy, but ive never had any problems with them, but this one seems to be a bit of a failure.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 10, 2014  Good but needs improvements  by Anonymous Person from Oceanside CA USA  Pros: The battery is rechargeable.  in terms of usability and overall quality of the device, the reader is great.  is a nice, light, and well built device.  the best part about the reader, though, is the battery. it can be charged via micro USB cable (not included) which is great as it allows me to keep it in my car and use it on the go. it's a bit on the small side but it works well and is a great value for the price. i would highly recommend this product. , from my experience:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device was good, but I would have preferred a more comfortable, well-built design.   Pros:  -The device works  Cons: .The design is awkward to hold.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s. I've had it since the 2nd gen. I was so happy with it. I have been using it for about 2 years and had a hard time switching over to the new generation. The new 4s is so much better in almost every way. My favorite feature is the 4G LTE. The 4G is not available in my area but it's awesome if you want to make calls on the go. Also it has a much larger screen. The only thing is it's not waterproof, not sure why they didn't put in a IP rating like the new phones but it might be an issue for some people.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ I have had this for a month and a half now. I just received it yesterday. I can't believe that it was the first one I got. The packaging was terrible. The box was too big, and the box itself was too large, and I have a bad back. The phone itself is okay. It does what it needs to do. It works. I'm only giving it a 4 because I'd like it to work better. I have to set it up every time I need to call a friend. I don't even know if it can connect to the internet or not. I know it's supposed to connect to my wifi, but when I try to connect it, it says the connection is not good. The only way I can use it is to have my friend with a different device and connect to his internet. I've only had it a few days, but so far I like it, and have had it to a lot of events, so I can see how it will be great. I'll give it a 2.5 to 4 star rating.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mabel from My second Samsung! I have been looking for a Samsung to replace my aging Samsung galaxy S3. I finally found one on ebay and I love it! I am very satisfied. The features of the phone are great and it is the best phone I have ever had. I do wish the phone was a little bit larger and lighter. However, I love the phone! I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an awesome phone. I am looking forward to many more years of using this phone!  Reviewed by John B. from Tried it on the first day! I purchased the Samsung S7 edge a few weeks ago and loved it. But after using it for the past week, I can say I am really disappointed. It is not as smooth and fast as my Galaxy S7. It's almost like I have an older phone that is slower than the S7 in all aspects. For me, it's the most important thing, so that's why I'm so upset with the S8.  I am so glad I bought the S9 but I don' want to be stuck with the same phone I was with before. The S8 edge had so many advantages that I want to keep them. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  I've had a Samsung Galaxy S III since April 2011. I love my phone, but I just got fed up with all the things it can't do well. I am a music lover and have been using the Play Music and Spotify apps for my phone. However, I am not a music guy. My problem with the Play music is that it has no support for my iPod and my iPhone. So I bought a couple of $5 adapters and I have been getting my music everywhere, but not the same as what my iPod can do. I have bought my sister one of those adapters for her iPhone and she loves it, but it doesn't have the ability to play music from my iPod. I've had to spend more money on a cable to connect my iPhone to my iPod but not my Play music, so I'm stuck using my Play Music. I can't believe I paid $500 for a phone and I don't even have access to all the apps I use! It's very frustrating and it's a real bummer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** It is the worst i have ever used! This is the first time I used it, and I just can't do it. I can't use it, it is too weak. The only thing that it has going for it is that it is rechargeable. However, that only lasts for an hour or two. If it lasted longer than that, I would not have bought it! I would have been more than happy with the cheap battery charger that came with it. This is a really bad product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a couple of months now. i have a samsung galaxy s4. the samsung s4 is fine. it has a great screen. i am using the s4 and the ipod touch. i cant go back to the s3 because of the battery. i get 5-6 hours of use from a charge. and i have to charge it up every night. it drains so fast i have no idea how i am going to charge my ipod. but then again i dont use it very much. i like that i can watch tv on it too. but i think they should have added a usb cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am very happy with my first purchase from Vapordyne. It works great, it looks good, and I like the feel of the cartomizers. However, I was so excited about it that I bought a few more in the hope that they would work better. They do not. The second one I received from Vape Den was also defective, and it will not charge. They will not fit, so they are useless. The first one did, but it was hard to get the carto into the top of the tank. The new one has a lot more resistance, but is also a lot harder to get into the cartos. I will not buy from Vapers Den ever again.  1 of 1 customers found this review helpful Best carto on the market I'm very happy to have purchased my first Vapondyne carto. I like that they are easy to use and I've only had them a few weeks. The carto is well made, well built and feels good in the hand.  the only thing is that the atomizer is a little bit to small to use with a tank like the eVic 2 but I do enjoy using a sub ohm tank.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a lot of these since the early 90s. the battery isnt very good but the device is still functional and its good for what its worth.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jason from Not a good product for the price The product is not a good one. The device can not work at all. I used it for a couple of days but had to return it as I can't get the battery to charge. I have to use a small adapter with the device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only way I found to turn off the microphone was to unscrew the top from the top of the unit and then remove the back plate. I then removed the two screws on the back of the device, one of which I had removed earlier in the day and the other from the front of the case. I replaced the battery with a new one and the unit still worked perfectly after I had replaced the microphone. Rated 5 out of 5 by JimB from I have had my radio since 1973, so I have seen a lot of... I have been using my GE-6R (not the radio) for 30 years, since it was the only radio that had a volume control on the front panel. I finally had to replace it with a newer model, and it turned out to be a wonderful choice. It was easy to install, looks great in my kitchen, and the new unit is great. I would highly recommend it.  Rated 4 out of5 by Joe from Good radio, only issue is that the microphone is not good. Good radio for the money. I use it to listen to a local radio station. The microphone is just a little too small for the mic jack. I have an external microphone, so my main concern was the size. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been using this product for a few weeks now. It's been good so far but it has a few minor issues. First, I don't like how the volume and play/pause buttons are right next to each other and they are on the same side. That's a bummer for me as I always have to turn them around to hear them. The second issue is the built in charger for this device. It only charges the unit up when the USB cable is plugged in. The only way to charge it up is to use the included power adapter. That said, I love this device and will continue to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old Dell laptop (from the mid-2000s) is still working but I replaced the hard drive with a SSD, replaced the optical drive with an external drive and replaced the keyboard with a new one. I don't think I will ever go back to the original hard drive (I am a Linux geek). I do not recommend this product for the average consumer or small business because of the price and lack of support.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The battery will last longer and I don't have to worry about charging every 2 days! The other reviewer had a problem with the battery not working for a few weeks and she couldn't find a solution. The new one has lasted 3 days and I have used the same phone for 3 months. You should get this product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s  I got the first version and had to buy a new one after one week and I didn't have any problems with it until I tried to make a call. The call went fine and then the phone stopped working and I lost the call. I tried it again and it also stopped working.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have had this product for about 3 years and I am so disappointed in it. The first time I purchased this product, I used it to plug into the computer. It was so small that it didn't fit properly into the connector. So, I tried to fit it into the correct connector and it came out sideways. I called customer service and they advised me that the manufacturer has changed the size of the connectors. This is a total disaster. They should have told me that because the connectors on the other end of the plug are the same. I am now back in the store and I will not be purchasing any of their products. I was so excited to get the item for my home and now I have to return it because I can't get it to fit. I have returned two other products from this manufacturer and they did not have the same problem. The only reason I give it three stars is because it does work. I can only imagine that it would have been so much better if it had worked.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good little device I bought this for my laptop. It works very well. The cable has to be cut very short so that the plug will fit into the cable slot. I also tried a small extension cord from the store. This does not fit either, but the short extension works fine. I bought the same model in a different color and it fits well.  of 5 stars by Anonymous I bought these for my kids and they work perfectly! The small ones fit in the small USB sockets, but there is only a 1/8" or 3/16" of space on the larger ones, so you have to cut them very short. This will also help to keep the plug in place, as it is very difficult to keep it in place if you have it plugged in with a small cable like this. The other thing I would like to mention is that the cable for this device is a very good quality. The length of the cord is fine, and the connector is a solid one, but I wish it was longer. The cord is just a little short for my USB plugs, but it does fit the sockets perfectly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the device does what it says it does. I like the fact that it is so easy to set up and use. I don't like the way it stores the data on the hard drive. I use it for about 3 months and it gets full of errors. I would suggest you buy a backup hard drive so you can save the data in case the computer crashes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  I was going to give this a bad review because I had a problem. The thing would not turn on or charge and then I had to call for a tech to come and take it back. I then found out I didn't have a serial number and I could not get it to work. I returned it and ordered a new one. I was very disappointed but the new one works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a month and its the worst. it has no sound, has no battery life, is very slow to turn on, and when you connect to wifi it is very annoying and has to be turned off at least 3 times to make it stop talking. i also find it very hard to control my home entertainment system. this is the worst e-tos i have ever owned. i would never buy this product again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 22, 2013  It's good but...  by Mark from Bakersfield CA USA  Pros: Easy to set up, nice speakers, USB power. Cons: No Bluetooth.    Was it Helpful to You? Yes (0) No (0%)  Works well   by Robert from Austin TX USA  is a great product. the only complaint I have is the remote doesn't work and you have to go through the setup. the remote works great with the tv.  in addition the usb connection is very nice to connect to the tv  Would you recommend this product to a friend? Yes  Great little device  By Kevin from St. George Utah USA 's are a great size, good audio quality and can work with my wireless audio receiver, so far it's been very good  Thank you for sharing. .  (0)(0)  Review for LG V20 V20  great  Love this tv. it is light and feels like a real tv. I love how it works and the fact that I can turn the volume up and down on the remote.  the only thing is the buttons are on the top of the tv and I can't see what they do. ,  I'm having a hard time finding the settings to change the remote to a different color. Any suggestions? Thanks.  a very good buy  was it Helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was great the first day I used it but after 2 days I had a hard time using it I think I was getting some kind of problem with the charger but I got a replacement and everything is fine now. I would recommend the device to a friend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the i-pads but I lost the one I needed the most, my ipad.  When I went to get the replacement one the store employee told me the ipad I needed is no longer available.    I was about to buy the ipads to replace my broken ipad but i just couldn't. I was extremely disappointed and this is a great store but if i can't find the ipod I want then I will not be back. I really liked this place, good selection of electronics. I bought a couple of things and they were all great quality. The prices are fair, the employees are all very helpful, and the store itself is a real hoot. I will definitely be back! I've been to a couple places in town that sell electronic items. The people that work here are great! They always know what's what. The employees are friendly and very helpful. I love that you can take things home to fix or fix your own if you need to. The price is also good. The best thing about this place is that I can take home a lot of stuff I've never seen or heard of.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been looking for a good bluetooth speaker for a while and finally bought the i3 and it works great! I would definitely recommend it.  . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the ASUS EeePC 701ABP and I am having problems with the screen not being bright enough. I've owned other Asus Eee PC's and they have always been great quality. I use a computer monitor as a desktop and am always looking for a good screen. I tried this on sale a few times and the last one I bought is a year old and I have a lot of older equipment. I thought I would try this and it's a great purchase. The screen is a little small and the image is not as crisp as the other Asus units I have used. The only reason I gave this a four star rating is the screen is not bright enough, but it does come with a backlit keyboard and a built in stand for your computer. This is the only one I have bought and I'm glad I did. Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device - great for the price:   This is my second Asus EEE PC. The first one was a little old and the screen wasn't bright enough and the software did not work as well. This one is a great value and has worked perfectly as my main PC. I am a heavy computer user and my Asus EePC is perfect for me. It has lots of ports for my monitor, a lot better than my old one and the price is very reasonable. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for something inexpensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     It's a good idea to use this product for an emergency situation but don't waste your money.   The price is very good considering the quality.  I got it as a gift for my daughter who just got her first cell phone.  It's a great idea to have it with you at all times. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ The product is great for a very low price. However, it will not fit my laptop (Lenovo Yoga 900) properly and the charging plug will not stay in place. I have also purchased the replacement charging plug and have it in my test unit, so far I'm satisfied with the replacement plug. But I will not buy this one again. I'm a Mac user and I will be upgrading to a Windows 7 computer. I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the e5s for 3 months and i had to send it back as i had not had a chance to use the screen for a month and the screen was so badly scratched it no longer works. i tried to fix it but the screen is completely cracked and has a nasty smudge on it. i really cant recommend this phone and the company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my brother-in-law who is a computer engineer. He loves this item. He uses it in his office and the desk is much higher than his old one. I have only a small issue with it. He keeps forgetting to turn it off, which causes his computer to become very hot when he is not using it. I don't know how to fix this so I will have to return it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best laptop I have ever owned The keyboard is excellent. The trackpad is very responsive. The screen is bright and clear. The build quality is excellent and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size. It is light, compact and sturdy. , I really enjoy using my laptop on the go. It weighs about 2.5 lbs, which is about as much as a 13" MacBook Pro. It's a great value and the built in keyboard and trackpad make it even better. I can use my phone and my tablet at the same time, which I really love. The battery lasts me about 5 to 6 hours with average usage. I use it every day for work and I love it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  This thing is terrible! I'm on my second model and I still have no idea what I did wrong or how to get it to work. I had the original model, the new one I bought a month ago still doesn't work. The last time I had it, I didn't know that the button to turn off the screen was on the back, but I was going to use it to switch off the charger for the other computer. I tried this and the same thing happened, the screen is off. The second time, I used it to turn on the computer and it still doesn?t work. Can anyone help?   I am very disappointed in this purchase as I really wanted this. I'm using a new laptop from a friend for work, and am going to have to get a new one for work as well. It would be better if this was just a replacement for the original.   As for the sound, I'm going to be using my phone and headphones to listen to music. I was expecting the sound to be better than my other laptop but not this bad. It was so noisy in the back that it made me think it was broken.   to be fair, I bought it on sale for $99 and when it arrived I noticed the screen looked very scratched. I didn?t want to buy a new unit because of the scratches, so I got a replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now. It is the only electronic device i can use now, and it is very frustrating. i can only use it to send emails, which is very slow. it doesnt even send out an email once i put it in my email program, so i have to use the web browser. The usb port on the back is a pain, it has to be unscrewed to access the port, and the wires are long and the plug has a lot of slack to it. the back button does not work at all, even when it is pressed. i tried it a few times and it wont work at ALL. the battery is only good for a few hours, so once i am done with it, i have a big plug in the wall which i dont use. i am going to have to get an external battery for this thing, and i am really mad at the manufacturer for not giving me a more reliable product. I want to give it 5 stars but i cant.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is very weak, and if it gets low you have to power the device down, even to the point of leaving it on the charger.  Also, when it does power up, it takes about 20-30 seconds for the screen to turn on and then to show you what the app is showing, if you use it at all.     If you don't need the phone for a long period of time you can put it in airplane mode, but then the screen stays black until you power the phone off.   I wouldn't recommend this phone. If you can find this phone for less than $100 (Amazon is the best price I've seen), I would get it.  Good product, but don't expect to find it at a local store. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPad 2 doesn't even have a proper home button - it's just a weird 'tap' sound on a button that's on the bottom of the device. It's not bad, but it's also not a very good product. It just doesn't fit the style of the iPhone. It has no home button and just a small screen, and is just ugly in the worst way. If you are looking for a really thin and light device, then this is a great option.  However, if you are on a budget and want a true mobile computer, then you should probably wait until Apple makes the next generation of iPhone and iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********This is a great product but it just did not work at all on my Sony NEX-7. It just kept resetting to factory settings after a few minutes of use. I'm sure it has something to do with my power supply but I'm a bit disappointed. Maybe the battery is a bad one. The best way to use this is to use a USB cable from your computer to the camera and then connect the cable to your phone. Then you can take photos directly from the camera.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Photo Experience with Sony A7r I was skeptical about the Sony A6500, but after some initial troubleshooting and troubleshooting, I was able to get this camera to work with my A7R. The camera seems to have a good quality sensor, and is a very good camera for the money. It has a really nice viewfinder and has a great built in microphone. I am a bit of a "shopper" and I found a bunch of great deals on the camera before purchasing, but the price point was too high. This is a really good camera, and I highly recommend it. .  and if you are on a budget and want to get a really great camera, this is a good choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an android tablet for 2 months now and it has been a huge waste of money ive tried the google play store app store and the store oflix for android and they have all been awful ive got all the apps on my tablet i use for work i cant use my phone because of the horrible lag and laggy games like battle tower masters on the tablet isnt that bad but i got tired of buying games on the go from the app store to the pay app store so i bought this and its not worth the money and the fact that i cant play games on it at all makes me feel like it will never work as a tablet again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device has not met my expectations, the screen is a bit small and the microphone is too small. It's great if you are using a laptop, but not for use with a mobile device. I'm glad to find another product that can be used with my phone. Great device. I bought this with my wife. The unit is so small it fits in her purse. I use the tablet as a mobile phone, so the tablet is a must have for her. The tablet is very easy to operate. The screen is small, so you can only read the screen at the best, and it's not a big deal. The microphone on this device is great. It fits perfectly into my mobile phone. The audio quality is good, but it's a little small for my car radio.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________ I am not a big fan of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. The battery lasted only 3 days of use. The screen was very dim and the phone could not be used for anything but making calls and texting. It was a huge waste of money. I am a Samsung fan, but this phone is just not worth the money. It's a very disappointing product. __________________________________________________________________________  Disappointed ____________________________________________________________________ I am just going to say that this phone has terrible design. The design is terrible and the screen is extremely small. The phone has so many buttons and menus that it's almost impossible to use. I have to constantly move the screen to find something. I hate it. I will never buy another Samsung phone.  The Best ______________________________________________________________________ I am so happy I got this phone. I was very happy with the Galaxy S5 until the Note 4 came out. I loved the Galaxy Note 3 but this one has much better specs. I also like the size. The Note 4 is bigger but the S5 is still a bit larger. I love the S-Pen, the battery life is excellent. I can't wait to get the Note 5 so I can finally replace the Note 3. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't have a removable battery. But if you want a phone with great specs and a beautiful design and a battery that lasts all day and all night then this is it. . __________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The "good" is bad, it's bad for the user and bad for everyone else, not the best or the brightest but it's not bad at all. The "bad" is good, the "good", while it's better than a phone, it will have problems if you don't take care of it, if you can't get it to work correctly, if it can't keep track of your data, if the battery is low. If you are looking for a phone that can go out and do some things and do them well, this is it. If, on the other hand, you are a regular phone user, this isn't for you. The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because I like the idea of having a smart phone on my phone, but the design of the phone makes it a pain to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I have used this product for the last year and a half. I am a professional audio engineer and I have used all sorts of audio equipment. The sound quality of this thing is excellent but the problem I have is that the mic on it gets quite warm in the warmer weather. I used to have to wear a hat to protect the mic but now that I use it for work I cannot wear a head covering and have had to use a hat on a couple of occasions. It has been so warm I have to put my head inside my jacket to keep warm. I have been using a portable speaker to put on a good quality speaker system to use as an auxiliary for the mic and it does a good job but I would prefer to use an external powered unit. So, I give this a 4 star but I give it 5 stars for sound quality only because I don't like that the microphone gets so warm.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael from Great Mic I've used this microphone for about 2 years now and it's amazing. I love that it's not heavy, has a good range, and I'm very pleased with it. The only issue I've had with it is that sometimes the mic picks up sounds in the background that aren't on the recording.  the best!  I'm not going to use this for my home studio, but it works great for recording vocals and acoustic guitars. It's a great microphone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a gdv10 for almost a year now and ive been on and off for the same problems. it is extremely slow, and the gd is so slow, that it gets really annoying. the gs1's are more responsive and the sound quality is so much better. i would buy these again but not these guys. the only thing i have to say is to stay away from these guys, they do not take responsibility for their products and try to pass them off as their own. i have bought from other stores and have never had these problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had a Lenovo laptop for over a year and still have not figured out how to uninstall it. It has a terrible battery life, has horrible bugs and crashes on me, and will not turn on with the computer off. If you are going to buy a laptop this is not the one. The laptop would be fine if you can use it for less than an hour a day. It's just a piece of crap. Write a positive review about an average electronic device :  This computer is great. The screen resolution is great and the audio is fantastic. The only thing I have to complain about is that there is no removable hard drive for data backups and backups are always backed up to the cloud. The cloud is not as reliable as my other computer and it can't back up on demand like my MacBook Air or an older Dell laptop. Recommend to a friend :   If you are on a budget and want a good computer and don't mind a lot of bugs and bad performance then this is the computer for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! I received my iphone 6s today and it was a total failure. When I plugged it in the display was blank. The sound on the device is terrible. I am an audiophile and I love my ips, but this is not what I paid for. I gave my ipt to my sister as a gift, she was very disappointed with the iphones performance and the display. It took a long time to get it working, and I had to go to the store several times to get them to fix the problem. My brother just got the ips and he was very pleased with the device. This is the first bad iphona I have ever owned. I hope you guys will stop selling these defective devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very low quality product. It doesn't sound great. It is extremely noisy. The volume controls don't work. It has a weak battery life. The buttons do not respond to button presses. The remote does not work. This is a great product for the money but not worth the investment. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent product! I use it with my Sonos Playbar and I am happy with it. The controls are responsive and I can get it set up very quickly. The sound quality is excellent. The only problem is the battery life is very poor and the battery has to be changed every few months. I have used it with a lot of music so I can understand that but it is annoying.  Rated 4 out of 4 by Anonymous Customer from Works great I used this for a few months to stream music from my phone and tablet to my stereo. I use this with a Sony MDR-V6R and the sound is great. I also used this with my Sony MZ-T1 and a Sonos system. The control setup is very easy and I like the buttons. It takes a little while to get the volume to where I like it, but once you do, you are in great shape. I did find it a little noisy and I had to change the batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a 3rd gen iPod touch last year and it worked great for years. It's great for when you need music but don't want to pay for a new one. When it was about to stop working, the last time I turned it on it stopped working right away and when I tried to charge it, it wouldn't charge. I took it back and got another one and it now works great. The only thing that I don't like about the device is the way it shuts off when it's low on battery power. I have a car and have to charge this thing every few days.  Did you find this helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful  Reviewed by: (Verified Buyer) on 4/4/2014 5 / 5 I purchased this item a few weeks ago for my father in law and he uses it for his business. He was very happy with it. It is easy to use and it comes with the charger and case to use it on the go.  "I have had this device for several months and it has not failed me once. I use it at home, on the road and at work. The features are great. It allows me to easily transfer and sync files, as well as play and listen to music and play my video games with no lag. It has a great volume range and is very quiet and stable. It does not make a clicking sound and its not too bright. It looks great, too. My only complaint is that the battery life is poor. I get around 5 hours of playback before it needs a charge. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was looking for a Bluetooth speaker for my iPhone that could be paired to my laptop and played music. I did not want the iPhone to play my music and have to use my laptop. I went with the Bluetooth Music Speaker. When it arrived, the speaker seemed to be very good quality. However, when I played my music through it, it played very loudly, but the volume could be a little higher. When I tried playing a song on my laptop, it could be heard by people walking by, but there is a high chance it will be too loud. I would not recommend this speaker. It's not bad, but not great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1. It's a pain to use.  2. The battery life is terrible.  The only reason I bought this is so I can watch Netflix on the plane. I have a 13" Macbook Air and this is an absolute joke.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was not impressed with this product, it had no build quality, did not work at all.  I can not tell if this is a quality control issue or if this was just a bad batch.  There is no way I can rate a device that does not work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this phone a few months ago to use in my car, and I have to say that I'm disappointed with the quality. I have a few issues, like the fact that it is not waterproof, so I can't even touch it with my hand. Also, the speaker is weak and only provides a soft sound. Also the battery is not very long lasting. The best thing about this phone is the fact you can use it to listen to your music on the go! I'm so disappointed that I had to buy another phone because this one is a failure!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this device and it has the best specifications for a mobile phone with an 8 megapixel camera and a very good sound system. However, I found that it did not connect with the phone at all. I had to use my laptop and an external usb cable to get it to connect. My phone is an apple iphone 5, but it does not seem to be able to connect to this phone. So, if your looking for a great mobile phone but can't use it due to your computer not having the right USB cable, this is the one for you.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: cjtech
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this device to use as a replacement for a broken, non-working computer. The first problem I ran into was that the device didn't seem to be able to recognize any drives on my computer. There were only 2 drives connected at the time. I tried several different methods of connecting the device and eventually managed to get it to recognize one drive. This is the only device I've purchased in a long time that was completely unresponsive to any kind of drive I tried to connect to it. I finally gave up and went with a different brand of device. The only reason I'm giving this one only 4 stars is because I still have to figure out how to actually install Windows 7 and not just boot into the recovery partition. I purchased the Lenovo Thinkpad T440p to replace my Thinkpad X240, which I've had for a couple of years.  It has been pretty good and worked well in the past.  I had purchased this computer from Amazon, where I had received a full refund for the device.    I have a Lenovo ThinkPad X240 and the T440 was a good fit.  This is my third Thinkpad and I'm very pleased with them all.  This computer is perfect for anyone that is on a budget and needs a decent PC for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've bought this product a few times now and it has always died on me. The last one I had worked fine, but after one week I decided to get a different device. The first one I bought had a cracked screen and the power adapter that came with it didn't work. I was so disappointed because it was just what I needed. The next time I bought it I decided it would work better with a different power adapter. But it still didn't. It had to be plugged in every time I turned it on because it wouldn't turn on by itself. So I got a third one. It worked great. Just not the first time around.    Works like a champ!   The Sennheiser HD598 headset is a good buy. I have the blue one, but if I'm buying it for a friend, I'm going to get the white version. The black version is way more comfortable, and I can plug it into my laptop without a problem.  Sennheisers are my favorite headset, and this one is no exception. It works very well, and doesn't get hot. I've only had this headset for a week or so, but I'm already in love. I am so glad I found this website, I will definitely be buying more headsets from here. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for two years. it gets lost alot. i cant even go to the store to purchase a replacement. theres always a box somewhere that is damaged.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------I am very dissatisfied with my Sony SEX300. The device is the cheapest one on the market, and I have never used a digital camera before. I used the same one with a small digital camera for a few years, and the quality was not bad. However, the device is now dead after 3 months. The camera is completely dead, and has no memory card. The battery is dead. I'm pretty sure it is the battery, but I do not know. I have checked the voltage and the output of the camera, and all are high. The unit seems to be connected to the camera by a USB cable, and there is a USB plug at the rear of the device. I checked all of my camera's connections, but there is nothing on the camera to connect to the SEX 300. It seems like the device has been broken. If this is the case, I cannot recommend the device as I would not buy another one. I do plan to return it and get a cheap one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you want to buy a nice product, this is not the product for you. It's a simple device, easy to use, but it is very unreliable. The batteries last a very short time and the sound quality is poor. I would not recommend this device. It is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s I had an iPhone 4s for 3 days and it was so slow that I had to get a new one. The iPhone 4S was so bad, I could not use it for more than 15 mins. It had a very slow screen, no sound, no camera, and no web access. The battery was so low I had no choice but to buy a new iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This was my first purchase from ebay and i must say the experience was very disappointing.   First of all, the delivery speed was very slow and i was sent a prepaid card to pay for the order. When i went to pay with this card, i discovered the card did not have enough funds on it to cover the entire order. So, i was left with a balance that i had to pay in full. The only thing i can think to complain about about is the device itself. When opening the box, i found that the product did not seem as durable as i had expected. But i would not expect that from a device costing so much money.   the device had some very good features, the sound quality was good, but it had a few issues, like the battery does not last a full day, the remote does not work, the button on the device to turn it on/off is not very user friendly and the USB cable for the device is very short, so it would not last more than 30 minutes.   (i would definitely NOT recommend this product for a first timer!)   Pros: Good sound quality, remote does work, battery does last a day   Cons: Not durable, battery not lasts full day
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a gps for a year and still no issues. ive had it for almost 3 months and my phone still doesnt work. if you have an android phone and want to try this device and if you want an android device. go for it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's pretty good, but I'm still not sure if I would buy another one.  I really wanted to like it, but it's a little on the small side.  It's good, so don't let that deter you!  The battery life is decent for a tablet, but the screen quality is a little disappointing.  It's not as sharp as it should be, and I find myself looking down at the screen more than I would with a normal screen.  My only problem is that the screen doesn't stay on all the time.  I'm just not sure why the screen stays on so long.  This is a tablet that I would recommend to a friend.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you have an iStick you're in luck.  It's the same device that i got when I got my iMac, so it's very well built and works like a charm.    I love that it has 2 battery ports, one that I can plug my laptop in and one that can charge my iPhone.  I'm very impressed with the screen.  It's not as good as the MacBook's but it's better than any other device I've used on the market, and it's a lot cheaper too.  This device works just as well as the iMac and the best part is that it's made by Apple, the best company on the planet, so I'm not afraid to say that this is a great device for $200. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item a month ago and it was defective in every way. The device was so unreliable that I had to return it. The batteries would go dead at random times. The screen would go black. The USB port would die after a few uses. And the only way I could charge the battery was to plug it into a laptop and then plug the device into the laptop again. So for $120 I bought this item that I now wish I never got.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased the unit about two months ago, and have been extremely happy with it. I was able to connect my PC, and watch TV with it, and it is very easy to setup. However, I just had the unit replaced on my home network due to the fact that the antenna was damaged in transit. The unit came in like new, but the antenna had to be replaced due to corrosion. I think that this is a very low quality product from an otherwise great brand. I hope this gets fixed, but I would not buy this again.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** ******************* ********************* ***************************** *********** ******** ***************** ********* ******************** ********** *************  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Value for the Money I was looking for an inexpensive, good quality audio system for a bedroom, and was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box. I installed the system and it sounds great. I have two of these systems and they are all I'll use. The system has excellent bass and a good balance between low and high end. The remote is good quality and works well. I also like the built in amp, which is powered by a 9 volt battery and has the ability to be powered by either a 9 or 12 volt battery. It has an LED screen and volume control and a separate mic for phone calls. The speakers have a nice solid sound and the sound quality is very good. This is a great product that is built well, has a good sound quality and a great value.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for 2 months and it has a problem with power. it comes with a usb cord but it doesn't plug in, so it only works as a monitor. the power button isnt the most intuitive thing. i had to get a 3.5mm to plug it in. if i didnt have to change out batteries I'd give it a good 5 stars but for $400 this is not worth it.  Review of DJ0268-01 Submitted By: Anonymous - Verified Buyer It's a great little monitor, it has great color and contrast. I only wish it came with a power cord. , I have a set of the Samsung's and i've found them to be very good, they have a decent size display and are bright and clear. The only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 is because the only thing that bothers me is the fact that the buttons are on the back of the unit which makes them hard to find in the dark and that they don't have an on/off switch. I wish they did. If they did i'd give them 5 stars. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have the best of both worlds when it comes to electronic devices. I have used my old iPhone and my new Kindle and they work fine for me, but my old phone was way too flimsy for me. I am a very clumsy person and have been told that if I was to use my phone on a table, it would fall. The phone fell from my face. The thing I love about this device is the size. I never had a device that small, but the size of the Kindle makes me feel more at home. The size is perfect for reading books. I would recommend this product to everyone who is looking for an inexpensive but great quality e-reader. I give it 4 out of 5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************I have only had this electronic keyboard for about two months. The first time I plugged it in, I noticed that the power LED was on for about a minute, then it turned off. This made me think that the keyboard was still "working" and the LED was off because I couldn't use it. So I decided to take it off and replaced it. When I took it off, the LED turned on again. I took the power cable off and the problem persisted. I decided that the problem might have been with the computer, so I decided not to use it anymore and went to a local store and bought a replacement. But then the problem kept coming back. So, I have finally given up. The product is really cheap, but if you don't use this, you will have a very bad time. I'm sure the people that paid $30 or $40 for a keyboard that doesn't work are going to be very angry, so maybe I'm just being paranoid, but this product really sucks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The device that came was of poor quality. The buttons were not clickable, and the device had a bad screen. After several days of constant use, the screen was black and had a green/blue tinge. The battery life was horrible. It would only last a few minutes and then quit. After many hours of use, it stopped charging. I have not heard from the manufacturer, and I'm worried that they might not have addressed this problem.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ (insert number or other information) was not working for a while, but after a few minutes the screen became blank and did not show up. I went back to the store to ask about it and they said that it was a known defect and that they could replace it if I wanted. I called the company back and they just hung up on me. I will not be buying from this company again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________. ______________. _______. _____. ____ _____ _____
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a new laptop a few months ago and had been really looking forward to this one as I had the same model for a while and thought it would be the perfect replacement. Well, the computer is just ok. The screen is not bright and does not give good contrast. The trackpad is also very sensitive and the keyboard is very stiff and noisy. I have had to take it to a repair place and they had to remove the trackpad and use the back of the keyboard to make it more usable. I also think the battery life is really bad. My laptop lasts for about 8 hours and the battery dies after about an hour. I am not sure why this happens but the battery is not removable so it is not a huge problem. Overall, it's ok but nothing special.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for about 2 years now and ive used it about 4 times. i can honestly say ive spent at least $40-50 on this product in the past 2 years and it has done nothing but get in the way of my music. i have a iphone 4 and i can stream my music on it without this thing interfering with my music and if i have it on my computer i can play it through it. i just cant do that with this thing. i think it is a total waste of money. i am returning it to walmart and hopefully i can get a better product for my money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JL from Great for the price. I've had this for about a year now. I love it! I bought this to replace an old pair of headphones I used to have that had some serious sound problems. These are a great replacement for the old pair. I can listen to my favorite tracks and not have to strain to hear them. I would highly recommend these headphones. I just wish they were a little bit bigger so I can hear the rest of the music I listen to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my iphone, but the first time I tried it, I broke it. I used it a few times, and after it was broken, I went to the store to get a new one. The salesman told me the iphones battery is the weakest in the world and it could blow up on you. This is a lie. If you're going to use it, just don't let the battery go flat. It's like you're wearing a band-aid on your head and you try to get rid of it. You just can't. I'm now looking for a iphon, but I will never buy one of these again. My current phone: iphoner
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for almost a year and it is really slow. if youre on a budget, this is a good phone, but if you need fast internet or a good camera, get a Samsung.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've owned an iPod touch for several months and have had zero issues with it. This morning I decided to take it into the gym for a class and noticed that the iPod touch is not connecting to my iPhone. It would just play for a minute then stop. I opened up the case and found that it had been bent and damaged by the gym's staff. I also noticed that when I was using it at the gym, the touch would just randomly start playing songs. It's a total piece of junk and if you don't need it anymore, don't buy it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Worth the money I bought this for my wife's birthday gift. She loves it and she said she would like to get another one for her birthday. It does work, it just takes some getting used to. It is definitely not the most stylish iPod, but it is great for listening to music, especially with headphones on. The only problem I had was that the battery did not last long at all. I would recommend that you use a power bank, or other charger. Overall I think it is worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ The best thing that happened to my phone was _____________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great camera but it is very flimsy, it would break on me or my partner's head if it ever got in the car, the flash has no range. Also, if you need a lens, don't get this one. I have an older camera that has an f2.8 that has a much better lens than this. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good camera with some drawbacks I bought this camera because I'm going to a wedding next month in New Jersey and wanted to have a backup camera in case I get lost or something bad happens. It's pretty nice camera but I've found a few minor gripes. 1. I like the screen for watching a movie but the live-view is kind of fuzzy. 2. The image is a bit soft at night. 3. The flash is very loud and can be distracting. I bought the battery grip and it makes it a lot easier to use. Overall, I'm happy with it. I'll probably be picking up the lens accessory to make it more useful.  Rated 5 out of 6 by Anonymous Person from A great, inexpensive camera! I love this camera. I was able to buy the lens attachment for it and I'm a big fan of the flash. I've also taken it to a few family events. It can do a lot and it's not heavy. It feels sturdy and durable. I don't see myself getting rid of it.  and its pretty bright. I had a Sony with a different flash and it is way brighter. I didn't even have to buy a battery grip to make the flash work with this one as it is included. I am really happy with this camera and the flash!  Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few years now, and it doesnt work at all. the screen will not turn on, the usb cable wont work, the speaker doesnt work, and the battery does not last. I bought it to replace an iphone 4 that died after less than a year of use. The screen is not usable at all, it has a lot of lag and isnt even worth trying to play anything. i would recommend this to someone looking to replace their iphones, if you dont need a iphonoplay and need a phone, get an ipod or an ipad
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I bought the ____________, which has been working flawlessly for about 4 years now. However, it stopped working for no reason in less than two weeks. I was in the middle of a very long walk and went to plug it in to charge the phone, which took almost 5 hours and the charger only gave me the full charge at about 3.5%. I was so frustrated that I called the store and told them that I was going to return the phone. I received a call back from the person who sold me the ____. I told her that the _____ wouldn't charge the battery and asked if there was anything I could do to get the battery to work again. She said "There's nothing I can do, but if you don't like it I will get you a new one" This woman is a total jerk. She will sell you something and then make you feel bad for not getting it. She is a scam artist!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for about 2 years. it works well until i tried using it with a cd player. the sound is so much better with a real cd player, but you have to have an adapter. then you have a problem. so far i have only had this device a year or so and it still works. i will be buying another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* I bought this as an add-on for my iphone 5. It is a great product but unfortunately the phone app is not supported. If I could give a zero rating I would, but I think this is a good product. The phone is very powerful and is very easy to use, I will be purchasing this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I'm really disappointed with the iLife 2.0 app for the Apple iphone. I have used it to backup my library of books, as well as my photos. My main problem with the app is that it takes a lot of my time to setup, set up, and use it. I've downloaded a few dozen backup apps from the store, but iLife was by far the most difficult to use, and I have not found one that works as well. When iLife first started working, I was so excited to use it, but I quickly found it a lot to hard to use. There are two main issues that I have with the device. First, it's so hard to find a good picture that I just use the default settings, which does not help. Second, it will not automatically backup my books to iCloud, and if I want to read them off my iPhone, I have to use the iBooks app, which is also not the easiest. I think the iFamily app has the best potential, but is a lot more expensive than iLife. It's so frustrating, that I had to write this review. If you don't like Apple, don't get the i Family App. I really wanted to love the iFamil, but this just made me realize how annoying the iHome app is, even if it has better pictures. If I ever have to choose between a cheap $50 device and the $200 one iFamily offers, I will definitely choose the $50 one. But the iFi app is just so annoying and slow. I can't believe the iDevice software company would allow such a bad app to be available on the device that they have paid so much for. I hope Apple will add some good backup options, or at least fix this annoying app soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's like the iPhone in a different size.   My only complaint is the "back-lit" mode is really dim, so you can't use it for reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I just bought the iPhone 7 Plus. I've been using an older model which works fine. But the new one seems to have no issues. The battery lasts 2 hours at best. It's not good for a phone. And the new camera seems to be the same. Not very bright. I'm really disappointed. I'd like to thank Apple for trying to make a better camera, but this one is a failure. I wish I could return it, but my credit card is locked so I can't buy a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since i was a kid, and it worked great until i bought a laptop and the bluetooth just died, so i bought another one. i have had mine for about 5 years now and it just cant keep up with my daily use, so its useless to me. i am just glad i got it cheap enough that i dont have to worry about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen is very bad and it will not work at all! I have had it for two months and it works only with my laptop. I bought it for my kids so they can play the games and watch movies. This is a bad product, you will not get good service from this company!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a fantastic product, the battery lasts forever, it charges very fast, and it's very easy to use. However, it's not exactly perfect. The buttons do get a little stiff, but you get used to it after a few uses. The only reason I give it a 4 star instead of 5 is because the light itself is very dim, and you can only really use it for about 5-10 minutes before you get tired of it. I have other lights that charge quickly, so I have to carry around two batteries for it, and I would rather not use two batteries on a daily basis. I hope this helps someone who has a few extra batteries laying around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I bought this monitor because I am a photographer and wanted a quality picture that can stand out in a dark room. This monitor doesn't meet my expectations. First, I have the best of everything and don't need this. The picture quality is horrible. I bought the Vivid X3, which is also a monitor, but this one looks worse in all the photos I have seen. The color is washed out, and even when using the preset picture mode, the colors look unnatural and washed out. I have a Canon 7D with a 16 megapixel sensor and a 24 f-stop lens. It's not the color quality I wanted, but the picture quality I'm used to. I can get a good picture of a room with this monitor, especially if I am using a camera or DSLR. If you are on a budget, I suggest you look elsewhere.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bill from Good picture quality and color This is a good monitor for the price. The screen is very bright and sharp and the colors are nice. There are a lot of video games that will look better than this monitor. The only thing that I would change is that the monitor has a small footprint. I am 5'7 and it is a little tight to sit in the middle of the desk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I got the "best" for the money. I'm sorry, but the device was horrible. The sound is very distorted, and the batteries are very weak. The batteries are not rechargeable and the device has been broken before I got it. The only good thing is the USB ports are on the back of the device. So, you can charge it from your computer or computer charger. But this is a horrible product. It should be a B.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had this product for 2 days and I can't believe how bad this unit is! The unit has no batteries (I'm assuming there is no way to charge them) and has a really big bulky case which gets in the way of the unit. The buttons are very hard to find, the touch screen is very small, and the speaker and mic are too loud to use. The sound quality is not even close to good. It is very noisy and doesn't sound good. The device just doesn't work well at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ ___________ ______________ _______________ _________ _____________ ___________________ The original was so terrible that I gave up on it after only one use. It wasn't bad enough that I didn't use it, but it wasn't great either. I ended up returning it for a replacement, but after using the replacement, I still didn't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  My first Mac was an Apple PowerBook G4 (and I know it's the most hated, but it worked just fine)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really love this thing. I have been searching for a long time for a smart watch and finally found one at a good price. I just love the simplicity of the watch and the interface. However, I would not say it is a great experience. I did not receive any kind of warranty and I have yet to see any kind communication from watch company regarding this. I really wanted to purchase another watch but now I will have to wait a while before I can get one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this item and got it to work with my phone. But the quality of the material on the back is poor and the battery is only good for one hour of use. I don't see any other good options for the money  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I used a Sony e-M1 for several years, until my e-m1 died on me. _______________ Sony, I don't know why you are making such an expensive, clunky device. _________________  Hans-Jürgen Rüppen, Dusseldorf Germany
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!   I bought this because I had heard good things about the G3X, but had no idea what it was until I actually got it and put it through its paces. The phone is good, not great, but a step up from my Nexus S (G3) for my budget, I suppose. The G3 is a great phone, and the G4X is no slouch.   However, it's not really the phone I was hoping for. The first thing that happened is that I lost the earpiece jack when I tried to get the G6X to boot up. The cable that comes with the phone is really short.   and the screen is a little dull. The earpiece and micro usb connector is plastic and I think the plastic is chipping off in a couple places. So, it is a bit noisy and the image is grainy, as is the screen.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product was delivered on time, but the box was broken in two when I got it and the components in the box were all not there.   As for the product, it worked, but it was difficult to use. The buttons are all in the wrong place and the screen is difficult to turn. The sound quality is great though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using the HP ProBook 8800 G3 laptop for almost a year.  Its the most stable computer I have ever owned and I have a computer repair business.    The only problem is that when I go to sleep I can feel that my computer is "on" and my screen is bright.  This computer has a "sleep" function.  My computer will "go to sleep" and then come back to life when I turn on the computer.  I have bought many electronic devices and this one is the most reliable   I think the HP should consider a larger model to match the size of my desk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I can say is this product has a major design flaw. This is not the case with the XS-10, but for a $300 device, it's a little disappointing. This was my first time ordering from the Amazon store. It was a great experience. The item arrived in a timely manner and was in perfect condition. I will be a return customer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a while and its always crashed. i bought it because i wanted a smartphone with a decent camera and it has none of those things. i cant see myself buying another one of these in the future.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________________ I bought this monitor a couple of months ago and was really excited about it. However, it is not what it claims to be. It has no calibration, is very slow to respond, and has no options for customizing its display or colors. I bought the monitor because it has a 2-year warranty and the monitor was brand new. The monitor was working fine before I bought it, and now it is dead. I had to return it. I am not going to purchase another monitor until I can find a better one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by David R. from Best monitor I've owned So far I have only had this monitor for a couple weeks, but so far I'm quite pleased. I was initially very disappointed by the fact that the monitor came with a USB cable, but I didn't have the need to use the cable with my Macbook Pro. The picture quality is great and the color is very accurate. The only thing I would change is to have a way to adjust the brightness without the need for an external power source. The default brightness settings seem to be set to a level that makes it too bright, but at the same time too dark. I did purchase a monitor stand which makes this monitor more adjustable. The price is right too.  and I also use this with a Macbook pro. I have to say I'm impressed.  of the best monitor ive ever used I'm just amazed by this monitor I'm an artist and it has been an amazing help in learning how to use it and also in showing me how much more you can get out of it, if you don't already know how to do it!  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this for almost 3 years and finally had to replace it.  The batteries lasted for about 2 years and then I had to buy new batteries.    My computer screen went black and the monitor went out.  They had to put the screen back in the computer to repair it. The keyboard has the same issue.  The monitor went black.  I thought it was because I had a bad monitor, but it happened to the other one too.  This computer is great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________  The phone is a joke. I had to buy a new one because it would not make a phone call, and I could not get it to connect to the phone network in my apartment. I don't know if the customer service was great, but I've never had a problem with the service in the past.  I also bought an iStick as a gift for my brother, but that is a different story.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device is junk, I bought it to listen to music, but the sound quality is terrible and the screen is tiny and hard to use. It also has no headphone jack, which I am very disappointed about. Also, the screen does not light up, it's too dark and does not have any type of screen brightness adjustment. It has an LCD touch screen, but I'm sure it is not very bright. It is a cheap device, but it works and I don't really want to replace it. I have an iPhone 4, and the iPhone 5 is very bright, but this device is not. I'm going to have to buy a replacement for this cheap device. I would not recommend this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Czach from The best! The new Apple Watch is by far the best watch on the market. You can do so many things you couldn't do on your iPhone. I do most things with my iPhone on my iPad, but if I want to use my phone, I have to carry around the iPad. The watch is great because I don`t need to carry a bulky phone around. It does take a while to get used to it because you have to do things like double check that your numbers are correct and that you have the right apps. After that, it is really easy and the interface is great.  to be honest, I was surprised with the quality and how light it is. I expected a bigger screen but it is very thin and easy to hold on your wrist. It's amazing how quickly I'm using it. It doesn't take much space on my dresser either. I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  I really like this watch. I really can't think of anything I didn't like about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I think the iPad is a wonderful product but it is very expensive and it is not worth it. I would not buy another iPad as they are not even close to being the same device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  Sennheiser HD800 is not a great headphone.  I was expecting it to be a lot better, as I own the HD600.    The HD800 has a very high impedance, and is hard to drive.  The mids and highs are dull and lifeless.  I also find that it sounds muddy and lacks depth.  There are no noticeable flaws with the HD800, but they are not great either.  Rated 4 out of 5 by James C. from Great headphone, great sound I am a huge fan of Sennheisers, and this one is no exception. The soundstage is excellent, and with the right source it is incredible. I really enjoy the way they sound, they just sound a little "heavy" to me.  But, the bass is very punchy, and has great impact.  This headphone is not the best out there in terms of price, but for the quality it has to offer, it's great.  If you are on a budget, and looking for a great sounding headphone, this is the one to get.  Rated 5 out of 6 by Anonymous from Great I bought this headphone about a month ago and I am extremely happy with it. It is very clear, full and crisp. I've owned many other headphones and this is by far my favorite, and I own many more. It doesn't seem to get warm and I like the adjustable cable that can adjust from about 30-45 degrees. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This thing is a nightmare. I bought it because I'm looking for a good USB hub for my phone but I'm still using a USB hub that costs much less and is much more flexible. This hub is not flexible, it's rigid, it makes me nervous to use it. I have a good thing going on now but it's a nightmare when it comes to keeping my phone charged.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few failures of this one but the problem is i had a cheap and a good one. i think they just don't work the same. one has a huge amount of noise, and the other is so quiet you can barely hear it. so if you have the good one and the cheap one, buy the cheap as it will probably last you longer and will be cheaper. i hope this helps
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my fair share of electronic gadgets and this thing is one of the worst i have ever used. when i first opened it i noticed a slight crack in the top where it meets the battery and a very bad plastic smell that i could not figure out was coming from the unit or the battery. when the unit was turned on i could see the screen with no light coming out of the device. when it was on for less than a minute i noticed that the unit had started to slowly drain the battery because it was so slow. i had the unit plugged in for about a week then i turned it off and plugged it back in and it was dead. i took it back to the store and they told me that the device had malfunctioned and that the battery must have burned out. they also told me the warranty would not be covered. this is a very expensive device but is not worth the trouble to purchase a new one when the warranty is voided. I wouldnt buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipod shuffle for a little over a month now. It is really nice. i love that it has a built in speaker. its great. but the only problem i have with this is the sound. the sound is not that good. it is very loud. but when i listen to music, like, anything really. i have to crank up the volume all the way up to get a good sound. it also makes the headphones very uncomfortable. ive tried wearing them to the gym and they arent very comfortable. i would rather just buy a different set of headphones. this one isnt a bad product though.!!!!!! buy a better set of earbuds and then youll be good!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this was the last time I used a smart phone.  The software and the phone itself were not up to snuff, so I ended up getting rid of it.  The last of my gadgets! I have a new Samsung Galaxy S6 and a new LG G4, which both have excellent screens.  I can't wait to try out the LG G5 next week!  I also have a Galaxy Note 5, which is just fine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my moto x for over a year and a half. ive used it for work and at home, and it works just as well as the first generation, except it's a little heavier. iphone 5s is amazing, especially for the price. ipad mini is good, but not quite up to the moto X. i will say the motorola flash d3 is the best flash on the market.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********This is the worst product I have ever purchased. I've been looking for an audio interface that I can use with my computer to listen to music or record my own music and I can't find one. The software is a joke and the sound quality is terrible. I was disappointed in how long it took me to get my money back from them. I gave them the benefit of the doubt, but that's all it took for them to go out of business. I will never purchase another product from this company. *****  I have been using this interface for a couple years now and it is awesome. It can play back many audio files from a variety of sources, and it can convert audio files into various formats that other audio interfaces don't have. It has an excellent array of features. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it was difficult to use with a computer. You need to install a few additional drivers before you can use it.  It's a great little interface, but a little hard to setup. It works great, but you need to get it set up right or it will give you an error message about it not being recognized.  a bit pricey, but worth it for the features  A good product, I have been looking everywhere for a way to record and play back my music with my Mac. The Mac interface is very difficult to set up and use, and the software is awful. You will need to purchase an additional piece of software to get audio files to play back on a Mac. It takes a little work to set it up, but if you are serious about recording and playing back music, this is the way to go. I have the 2.0 and the 4.0, the 2 is a little more difficult to setup, but the 4 is much more difficult. This one works great for me. ,  Great product but requires a lot of work to get working. I love the flexibility it gives you, but for those who do not have a Mac, you might want to look elsewhere. It is definitely worth the money, but there is a learning curve to get the software up and running.  the Mac interface for this product is extremely hard to set-up, and a lot more complicated to use than the PC. it requires a few more drivers to get started, and I had to do a lot re-installing before it would recognize any music. also the software that comes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Samsung S5 is great and has been great ever since I bought it a couple of months ago, but the phone has become so heavy that I can't carry it anywhere because it's so heavy. It's so uncomfortable that I almost never use it because it takes up so much room. It doesn't have a removable battery either, so I can only get hours of use out of it before it needs a recharge. The battery life is good, but it's not good enough. I have the best experience with the S6 edge+, so this is the end of the line for me. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a year. it is great for the price. but i had to return it because it wont work. ive tried to turn it off and on but it wont turn on or off. iv have to send it back. i had a similar issue with a different phone a while back and it was a great phone but had to replace it.  I was so excited about this phone and I have the exact model. I was looking at other models, but they were out of stock. I found this one on eBay at a decent price and got it on the phone. I have to say, it is a pretty cool phone, but it is not my first choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  A good way to ruin your phone is to charge it with an external power source while it is in your pocket.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s (2012) This is the worst i ever bought from apple. i have been looking for a phone like this for years and the only other one i saw was a Motorola, but the ios is so hard to use i just can't use it. the camera is terrible. the battery is terrible, and the camera can be very low quality and hard to control. i dont think this phone is worth the money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, September 12, 2013  Not so good I got this phone to replace my old Motorola Xoom, but I really don't recommend this phone. I had a Motorola Xolos, which was an amazing phone. The battery life on this phone was about 5 days. It also had good battery life. My Xoom has lasted me almost 2 years now. The only good thing about this phone, besides the fact that it runs iOS, is that it has a better camera than the Xoom. But I don't think I will ever use this phone again. . 's first iPhone was a smash hit and Apple's sales numbers soared, but by 2008 it had all but fallen out of favor. It hasn't been the worst of iPhones, but it's not the best either. For $499, it's an absolute steal.  the only good things about this iPhone are the camera, battery life and the fact it runs on iOS. 1 of 1 people found this review helpful  iPhone 6 Plus Review by Daniella Overall Rating I'm not sure why this phone has so many good reviews. The camera is horrible. There are issues with the software. I'm hoping that it is a software problem because I have not been able to use it in a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a g4 for over a year now and i dont have one problem yet!  I was looking for a cheap, no frills wireless keyboard and i found this on the internet. The best part about it is the ability to program it from my pc. I did the setup, and then I had the keyboard on my desk for almost a month, but I had to use a program that changed the settings for me. I have no problem with the key switch but I wish it would be a bit taller and the buttons a bit larger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only time I have ever been able to use this keyboard is when I have a laptop in my office. I have an older Dell Inspiron 1340 with a touchpad and I have been using this keyboard for about 2 weeks. I don't use the keyboard for anything but typing. It is very difficult to get the keys to click and to move the mouse. The mouse is very slow to move and has a problem where if you move it in a different direction, it is very hard to keep the cursor in the same place. This is a great keyboard for anyone that uses the computer on a laptop or laptop with a keyboard, but for someone who uses a laptop and a keyboard it is a joke. The only reason I bought this was because I needed a computer with a larger keyboard but I am glad I have purchased another keyboard instead of this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The new phone does not work well at all and has no voice recognition. The software is terrible and the new phones are so confusing to use. I bought this phone hoping to use it for work but it does not have a smart phone app that I can use and I was afraid I would have to send my work phone to get the job done. I just want it to work. The camera is not good and the phone doesn't hold a charge. I gave this 3 stars because the voice recognition is terrible, but that's all I can say about it. I really want this to work but I can't get it to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s is amazing but the screen is really bad I can't use it for more than a few seconds and it gets really hot. The screen is not bright and the colours are horrible. I'm really unhappy about the product, but I can not use it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works Great I have been using this since my Samsung phone 3s and it has been great. It has not dropped in quality, the apps are more responsive and there are fewer problems than my last phone. I use it mostly on my work phone and it works great. I just wish I had this phone when I was younger  Review of DJI Phantom 3 Professional The DJI DJI Mavic Pro is an amazing drone, I purchased this one for my son to use with his drone class and he is very happy with it. I also purchased the gopro 3s, the new goprotect, the gs4 and the gt220. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker on my old Sony Walkman broke after 3 years and the audio was horrible. So I purchased a new Walkman and bought a Sony headset. The sound was much better, but the speaker was still awful. The Sony headset was better than the old one but still not great. I bought the Sony Bluetooth speaker and it works great, but still needs a better set of headphones. The wireless charging worked fine and it is very comfortable. I wish that Sony had made the audio sound better on the new Walkmans. Overall:   Great headphones for the price.    Rated 5 out of 5 by David S. from Excellent headphones. I love these headphones, I have the Bose QC 15, the QC 35, and the B&W PX 100. I am currently on a trip and can't wait to get back home. I have them paired to my computer via Bluetooth and they are amazing. I can listen to music without headphones or headphones with my computer. The quality is incredible. These are a must have for the people on the go. Rated 4 out of 4 by Anonymous from Good but not great This is an excellent headphone for the money. They're a little noisy but they're comfortable. They work very well. They'll be great on a plane or a train.  Rated 3 out of 6 by Anonymous for a Travel Headset from Good Product for the Price I purchased these to travel and play music. They are decent enough, but I was a little disappointed in the quality of the build. The ear pads seem to be of good quality but I found them to be rather flimsy. I will be returning them for a different set of headphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have bought this item a few times before, and each time the unit works well for what I need it to do, but I have had issues with my screen flickering and dimming, as well as a short battery life, which will get even worse with time. My issue with this product is that the warranty is only good for the first year, so I will likely have to purchase a new one when this one eventually dies.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works great, not great I was skeptical about this item since my computer's monitor was so old, but this is great for the money. I have it set up in an office where there is a lot of light and I don't need any fancy graphics, just a basic display. I use it on my laptop when I am not at home, and it's been working well so far. I think I will buy another one. :-)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I was so excited about this watch! When I received it, it was very heavy and I had a hard time opening the box. I tried it out for about a week and the watch was not working. I decided to return it because the watch would not read the date at all. I called LG and they sent me a new one and the same issue. I am so disappointed in LG because I paid over $400 for this watch. It is extremely heavy and not easy to use. I will not be buying this brand again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the  GPS tracker and it's soo bad.  The device works great in theory but it's unreliable and it is easy to lose it when I forget to put it back in the box after I get home from work.    If you want to buy this device then you will not be happy with the tracking and the way it is made.  It's so hard to get the tracker to work properly.  The tracking is really inaccurate and it will not follow you on the road.  I have lost this tracker in the woods and the box has been broken in two. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was very disappointed to find out that I could not use my iPhone to call 911, even though I had my iPhone 3G and 3GS. I had an emergency call set up and everything worked fine. I am very disappointed that I cannot use my phone for this type of emergency. I have two sons, one is 16 years old and the other is 21 years old. They do not know how to operate an iPhone, they have no idea how to use it. They had to be told how to call the ambulance. They have also had to explain how to dial 911. I really like the iPhone and I would like to be able to use my cellphone in this emergency. This is very frustrating.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for years. I bought it as a gift for a close family member who had no access to his computer, but the software is buggy and the wifi isn't always reliable. it gets pretty hot in the summer and not great when you need to use it. if you're looking for a good, inexpensive wifi extender, look elsewhere.  Review of DJ0268-02 Submitted By: Anonymous - Verified Buyer Love it. Works great, no lag or laggy speeds.  and it is very easy to set up.    It's also very lightweight.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got my Kindle today and I LOVE it. I've read everything in the Kindle store and have gotten a few ebooks that I can't get in other places. I'm not an audiophile but I love the way it reads. I bought the paper version so I can have it as a backup. The book I'm reading right now is "The Life of Pi." It's very beautiful and has great writing. I love it and I think you should have it on your ereader. It's the only thing I'll be buying for my Kindle now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased a Nook HD and I was very happy with the device until I ran out of ink on the book I was using to write a review. I have to re-write my review to make it seem more negative as I was disappointed with the quality and functionality of this device. It's not a big deal, but it's the reason I will not be purchasing a NOOK HD anymore.  Rated 5 out of 5 by David from Perfect book reader, especially if you have an iPad Pro or larger screen. I bought the Nook Simple Touch (the one with the case) as I have an iPhone 6 Plus. It is a fantastic book reader. I am a college student and have to write every single day. I find that the screen size of the NOOK Simple Touch is perfect for writing the big long pieces of text that I need to write, and the large display is perfect to view my favorite book while I type. I also love the fact that it comes with a free app called 'Write a Story' which is an app for any iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch. I've downloaded it on all of them. This is a great device to have, and it's great to not have to spend a ton of money on an external keyboard. It also works well with my iPad Pro (the larger one). I love that you can use the Nooks app for the iPad to write and share it with your friends and family. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is a great device. However, the battery has a tendency to drain down to zero every time it is turned on. I have replaced it many times. Also, the buttons are quite hard to hit.  Good, cheap, good for the price: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* The phone I purchased was not defective in any way. It works, but it has a poor battery life. I have to plug it in to charge, and it will go from 0% to full in about 30 seconds. I bought the battery charger and that is also a bad thing. It only charges the battery for about 2-3 hours at a time, so I need to be very careful when charging the phone to not overcharge it. It has a built in camera, but I have not yet tried to use it. I am not sure if I like it or not. I think it would be nice if it had a built-in camera, or even an IR port. I would like it if the phone did not have a camera, because it does have a builtin microphone, but not in the front. I don't know if I will buy another one.  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: julieta - Verified Buyer I am very happy with my purchase. The quality of this phone is great. The only complaint I have is that there is no way to change the volume of the microphone. It is stuck in the middle. If you can find a way to make it work, then I would love it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item because I am looking for a wireless charger for my Sony PlayStation 4.  This item is not wireless, it is a cable that is just a bit larger than a standard cable.    The price was great, but the product did not work.  When plugged in, it would not charge my Sony PS4.  This product is not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my pcb for a month and its broken and ive sent it back to the company twice. its an expensive and broken device. i had a lot of fun with this but i cant imagine having to pay the full retail price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This product is the worst I have ever purchased. When you unplug the battery the unit immediately starts making a loud clicking noise. The sound is very loud and has been heard by other people in the building. The noise also affects my sleep, I wake up every time the unit is on. When the battery dies it takes a few minutes to start up again. The unit is made in the USA and does not come with a power cord or charger. When I tried to use a regular AC adapter to charge the unit it did not work. I returned it for a replacement but the warranty was voided. I am extremely disappointed in this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my i-phone 4 for almost a year. i finally decided to buy this because i saw other people rave about this, and i saw a sale on ebay. i thought the sound quality was decent. it isnt great, but at least its not bad. the only reason i gave it 3 stars is because it doesnt take much battery to keep it running. the battery life on this device is really bad, like 4 hours on medium settings and 5 on high. but the reason it is not 5 is because there is no auto brightness feature. i like auto brightness on my iphone. its the only feature i use on it. but on this one, the auto brightness is set to "off". if you are using auto brightness, then this would be the phone to get, but otherwise, dont waste your money. i dont know why this isnt 4 stars. i am very disappointed that this is what i get out of my ileo 3. i would recommend to not waste your time or money on this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4  i have tried a few different brands of phone, and i have always used this phone, but it's very cheap and has no signal.  If the phone had a better camera or a better design i would give it 5 stars. However the poor camera is just a plus. The poor design is the only negative.  (July 29, 2011)  I like this phone a lot, the size is good and the screen is very good. It does not have as good a camera as my Nokia 925, but the camera quality is still good enough for a phone. .  and the only downside is the lack of a camera button, so you have to press the button to take a picture. I really liked the design and the good design of the phone. (July 28, 2011).  This phone is very well built and the phone is a great size. The design is very sleek and the design is what I expect out of an android. The only downside to this phone is the camera is not good. I can not find much fault with the phone other than the poor performance in the camera department. (June 11, 2011 - edited June 11,2011) .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone 4s for about 3 weeks and so far ive been very happy with it. i just bought the 4s today and its the same phone. i bought the ipad mini for my daughter and she loves it too. but the ips is just a piece of junk. i want my money back for that ips! i cant believe i wasted my money on that.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I received the phone, I was excited to get the Android 4.4 KitKat.   I was very disappointed to find out the screen is very dim, and the camera is so bad, it is almost unusable. I will have to find a better camera phone, which is a shame, because I really wanted to like this phone. I had to buy a new phone, and now I regret my decision. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this a month ago and it was terrible the battery was dead, the speaker was dead. the screen is horrible. the phone is very bad in every way. I would not buy this product again. I had to use my phone on my desk to talk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I received this in the mail today (1/4/14). I used it for about an hour today. It is the same thing that I tried a year ago, and it does the same exact thing. When I first used this a year and a half ago, the screen would go black, and then I would lose the screen on my TV. It took about a week to finally get it fixed. I will not be buying this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a couple years and have had a couple of problems. 1. the battery life is terrible. I had to buy a new battery just to get about 2 hours. 2. i dont have any usb ports and the phone doesnt have a usb port either so i have to use my computer for everything and theres not alot of apps to use. i was very happy with the phone until the android operating system changed it all over. i have a new android phone and love it. ive also been told that the apps arent working with the new phone but i can still use my old phone with all the same apps. the new android operating systems do work well on the older phone. and the price was great too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device works fine, except for the fact that the batteries are not rechargeable, and that they're only good for about 2 months. The battery life is great, and the screen is bright. But the rechargeable batteries are a pain. The only problem I had with it is that the screen sometimes goes out before the screen turns off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my laptop for about a year now and its been great. the only problem i have is that it would start making a buzzing noise if the battery was low. ive bought an ipad mini and my battery life is much better. i would suggest buying a cheap battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got the device and it is a great product! I love that I can now play music on the computer without having to plug in an amp or headphones. The sound is good and has a good amount of bass. The battery life is also good and will last a good long time. The only bad thing about the product is that it is very hard to plug into an outlet. It is very difficult to use an extension cord with the battery pack that comes with it. I'm not sure why this would be so hard. If you don't mind spending more for a better device then by all means buy it. If I had to do it all over again I would have bought a different model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a little while now. i bought this to play music from my car to my ipod to my phone to my computer. the problem with this is that it's very heavy and it doesnt fit in my laptop bag, so i put it in a large tote bag. i can't really tell how it sounds because the sound is very distorted. the volume control on the device is very finicky to adjust. i had to put a piece of masking tape on the dial and it works. but i dont have a problem with the sound. but if i were to buy this again, i would probably get the jukebox.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 months now. i had to get another one to work, and i'm glad i did. it has no issue with sound, but the buttons are a little too hard to press. also, i've noticed that the buttons have a slight "clunk" when you press them. so i keep putting the device down and moving it to another room or on a table. so far, its been fine. i will say that the case was very cheap and the cables are very short and not strong. i'm going to return the one i have and get a better one. i like my music and i like to use my computer, but i just cant do it with this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________. I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend, and he really loved it. However, the battery life is terrible. He can play some games, but not all of them. The sound is fine, but you'll need a good pair of headphones for the sound. This is definitely a "gift for me" kind of purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This is my third Apple product. I bought the iMac, the iPod Touch and the iPod Nano. I have used the Apple products for over 10 years. The iPod Touch is an amazing portable music player. However, the battery life is not long enough for me to rely on it. The battery life for the iBooks is poor. It only has a 10 hour battery life. I usually put the iBook in my bag, and the battery in my laptop. The Nano is an incredible portable hard drive. However the battery is a joke. I used to have a 50 hour battery on a hard drive and I would leave it charging overnight in my desk. The new Apple battery does not last long enough to last more than 3 hours. The audio quality is very poor. I use my iPod Touch to listen to music on the go. The music quality is terrible. I am trying to find a new Apple product that will have a good sound quality. I also would like to find the battery to last longer, so that I can continue to use the iPod. I hope this helps.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my daughter who is in college and she loves it. It has many functions but the only function that is very useful is to play music. The battery life is not good but she will use it for the whole day. I bought the music function but she just uses her cell phone. I really recommend this product and I would recommend this to anyone who loves music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this monitor for the first time because I'm tired of having a monitor that's not up to the job. I'm not the most technical person but I do know what the issues with my monitor are and I was able to figure them out. First, the cable that came with the monitor was terrible. It was so bad that the cable is so loose that you have to use a knife to get it through. The other issue is that the power button is in the wrong spot. It's right next to the volume control button but the volume button works great. The only other thing that I found was that the screen isn't that bright. It can get bright but I find it to be very dim. I ended up replacing the battery in the monitor and that fixed the brightness issues. The monitor itself is beautiful. The screen has great clarity and colors. The stand on the back is great too. I would recommend this monitor.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes (0) No (0).  Great monitor, no problems whatsoever! by: Daniel - 11/28/2014  Comfort: Durability: Value: I love this monitor! It's really bright and has great picture. The battery life is awesome, it's easy to set up and takes only seconds to setup and connect. My only issue is the battery cover. The little square that is supposed to protect the battery is too small to get a screwdriver in to remove. So I bought some replacement covers to make sure I don't break it. I highly recommend this product!  Write a positive review about this product:   The monitor is great and the price is perfect by: J - 10/27/2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 months now and its been a disappointment. i purchased this product thinking it would be a great device but it isnt. i used to be able to turn my cell phone on and off from my cell but not anymore. it takes 2 button presses to turn off my phone. and the battery isnt last long. so if youre looking for a great iphone app that can turn your iphones on and your off then dont get this one. i will be switching back to my ipad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The only thing I can say about this is that the device doesn't work well. The buttons are a little stiff, the screen is a little fuzzy, and there's not enough power to do any real work. The only way I can describe this device is as a piece of junk.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Steve from It's junk! The buttons aren't very good. There's no way to adjust the brightness of the screen. And the power is so tiny it doesn't even work. It's a piece piece of crap!  Reviewed by James P., from A bad bargain! I had been searching for a new portable device for a while, and the Samsung Tab Pro 8.4 is the first I came across. When it arrived, I took it home. I was very excited because I was able to save $20 on the purchase price. I'm very disappointed. First, the device does not come with a charger. I bought a battery charger from Amazon that works perfectly. I put the Tab Pro in the charger, plugged it in, and within a few minutes, it shut off. I plugged it back in, then the Tab Pros screen came on. The charger had not powered the device. It just shut off and then the screen went off. The Tab Pro is a really great device for it's price, but I can't recommend it because of this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The new bluetooth earbuds are way too hard to get in and out of. They're a pain to get into. They fit too tight, I had to use a plastic clip on the outside to keep them in place. I can't see them being used for any extended amount of time because of the tight fit. The other problem is that the bluetooth sound quality is not as good as the other earbud brands out there. If you're looking for a quality, solid earbuda for the price this is not it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I purchased my first iPod and my second was broken on the same day, I was ecstatic. I'm a huge Apple fan and I was not disappointed.  The first one lasted two years but then it started acting up and the next time I ordered the same model, I ordered a replacement.    The next time the iPod worked perfectly until a month later it shut off and I had to purchase another one.  Now I'm back to searching for a good iPod to replace my first. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm having a hard time with the touch screen of this keyboard. I don't use the arrow keys. When I try to type on the touch pad, the keys don't register the strokes. The arrow keys work fine, but I have to press them with my pinky. The key on the right is difficult to press. The top row is not easily accessible with my right hand. I'm thinking of buying the new touch pad from Lenovo.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! If you have to buy a new device because of the bad things you can do with this one, then I guess you have a bad one. It does not even have a power button! (you have to press it several times). You have to connect it to a USB cord (which is not included). I would have rather had a normal mouse and keyboard. I bought this because I wanted to have a decent keyboard without having to buy one for my laptop, but this one is a piece of junk. I would not recommend this to anybody.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the e-book reader and had to return it after the first couple of months because it would not play mp3s. I then went to buy a new one. After reading the reviews and looking online for an alternative, I purchased this one. It is very easy to set up. The screen is large and the audio is clear. It has many features I need and could not find on any other device. It seems to be a good deal for a quality device. I bought a new phone, but have to return my old one because of the software update and battery replacement. I have read about the software upgrade not being as smooth as I thought it was. It's now a lot of trouble to find out which of my old phone's apps are actually on the new phone and which aren't. I wish I would have been able to use my old iPhone and my new one at the same time, since the new one is much better and has fewer bugs. I will probably buy a Galaxy Nexus. My phone died after a few months and I have been looking for a replacement. The new phone is a little slow, has problems with Bluetooth, and battery life is not great. It was hard to find any reviews that said they had a good experience with this phone. I bought this phone on a recommendation of my brother, but I found that there is a big difference in quality between the new and old phones. It was a little hard to set everything up but once it was done it worked like a charm. The device is a good size and is easy to read. The audio is good and the battery life lasts a while. So I had to wait for the software to be updated. The phone does not have a good camera. It takes some good pictures but the pictures are grainy and grainy pictures are just not worth it. The only issue is that the software updates are a pain to get. I used to have a really good phone but then I got a really bad phone. So it's not a good phone if you have a bad phone but it's a good enough phone if your phone isn't that bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my new xperia x for over a week and ive finally broken it in and it works like a charm. it takes a few hours but once you get the hang of it, it does all the things i need it to. the speakers are pretty loud and the xperia is super easy to use. the only problem i had was the battery didnt last a whole day. but i did replace it with the new one which i got from my friend, who also has a xperia. i dont think its a bad device but its too small to replace my nexus 5 so i cant use it to replace the 5 aswell. i have a xiaomi redmi 2 which is also a great device but it is a little bit bigger so i might just buy a new one next year for my 5 and maybe another xperia aswell for my 6 if the 5 dies out
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was difficult to figure out how to turn on my computer so I could check my email. I had to use a cable to turn the computer on to turn it off. The computer would randomly go off with a loud noise and would not come back on. After several days of searching for a solution I came across the site that fixes all these problems. Thank you!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it since 2011 and i can't go back to my old one. It cant connect to my router because of a "no signal" sign, the usb ports are bad and can't be used for any usb devices, and the wifi is very slow. I'm getting tired of this one. If you want a good router, get a better one. i'm also getting tired about the hassle of finding a different router because the one i have doesn't work well. It's a big hassle to go through the process of finding an alternative router and then going through the setup of getting it to work. Its very annoying to have to find a new router for my wifi connection. I can't recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this monitor from Amazon and after about a week I noticed the screen was covered in a white dust. I immediately cleaned it off with a cloth and when that didn't work I tried a paper towel. It didn't do any good. It took several days of using a toothbrush and some paper towels before it finally came out. This is the first thing I have to clean after a long day. Also I noticed it has a small dusting of dust on the monitor. So far I haven't seen anything to cause any problems. I will keep using this monitor until it gets replaced.Read full review Customer Service:    I've had the monitor for a week and the first problem I had was the screen started flaking after about two weeks of use. I've read about people reporting this issue, so I contacted Amazon to see if they could do anything about it. They told me to send the monitor back for a replacement, and that would cost me $100 plus shipping. That didn't make sense to me, so instead I went to my local electronics store and bought a refurbished monitor. I received the monitor in about a day and it was much better. The screen is brighter, the image is clear and has less ghosting. It's also much cheaper than the new monitor I purchased.Read Full Review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a good speaker and it does the job, but it is so annoying to use.  It constantly blares the same song at me everytime I turn it on.  In the end, I was only able to get it to sound OK if I was outside.  The only good thing about this is that the cord is a lot less than the others I've purchased.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________ I just wanted to say that I am very happy with my purchase. It's so nice to be able to listen to music on a real good speaker. When I had a good old FM radio and then some crappy headphones (not to mention a crappy computer), I just wasn't satisfied with my music listening experience. With this little thing, I have the best music listening environment I've ever had. Thank you for a great product, good quality sound and fast delivery. I will definitely order more in the future! __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  Good sound quality and price I really enjoy listening to music. I have a Sony PCM-W800 and an HP LP-2000 (both CD players). I bought the Yamaha XS520 and it is a good fit. The sound quality is excellent. The XS is a little louder, but for the price it's a good value. The price was really good as well. I was impressed with the delivery time. I also like the price on this item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the first unit for my daughter. I used it for a few months, but after a few uses, the power supply started failing. I contacted Samsung and they sent me another one, but it had the same problem. After waiting over a month for a replacement unit, I sent it back to Samsung and got a refund on the original purchase price of $89.00 plus $25.00 shipping.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 15, 2015  by David from Sacramento CA USA  Pros:  Lightweight  Works well  Easily replaced battery  Cons: ,  Not so easy to charge with the included cable  and, : 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used my laptop for 3 years now and its terrible ive bought a couple of brand new laptops since then and they are much better than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought the wireless remote for my computer from this site and I am a big fan of wireless remotes. The remote is very nice, has great features and is very easy to use. However the remote has a very large keypad. I am not a big keypusher so the large key pad made it impossible to use a standard key. The device also has a USB port that I found inconvenient. The USB port is used for connecting to a computer, so I had to get a USB keyboard, a mouse, and a wireless mouse. I also wish that the wireless remotel was smaller. Overall I love this remote and would recommend it. If you are looking for a wireless remote that is easy to set up, easy to carry, and good quality then I would recommend this one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works Great for my Computer! I purchased this remote for a PC and the quality of this product is fantastic. The keypad is very large and the keyboard is a little small for me but other than that I'm very happy with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of the hype, but I have had my iphone for 2 years and it has not performed the way I was promised. It does not hold up to the weight of the phone, it is extremely slow, the camera is poor, the speakers are poor, it has very poor battery life, and the price is too high.  If you want an iphoness that does not suck then this is not for you. Read full review Read the review at  http://loyal-loyalist.blogspot.com/2014/04/iphone-6s-a-review.html Read my review at http://www.androidpolice.com
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! The cable was cheap and broke within a few weeks. I was able to get a new cable with a longer life span but that's it. The sound is not that great and it has a crappy microphone, which is hard to find in this price range.  Style of music: Metal, heavy metal
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the speakers are too weak and the volume is way too loud for a portable device.  There are only 3 or 4 different ways to use this device. The first is by the headphone jack to play music through the speakers and it works well. Â The second way is to plug the headphone into the usb port and it does not work because it is not designed to do this.  The last way is with the usb input, but I have not tested this. I would not recommend this device for anyone that is looking for a very portable music player.  Rating:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************** This thing was the worst purchase I have ever made. The design is really bad and the battery life is pathetic. If you want a tablet then get a Kindle or iPad but this one just will not do it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only way to use this is if you have a good set of headphones.  This does not do much good with an iPhone 6 or 7, or a phone that is already bad. Â I have tried using this on a few different iPhones with no luck.    I have yet to try the iPod nano, but I will to see if the audio is the same as with the original.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********************  It is very good, and does a great job at providing power. However, there are a few things that I would like changed in the next revision. First is the small red button that is used to toggle the power on and off. I have to turn the power off and on twice to get it to switch on and then it still won't turn on until I flip the power switch on again. Second, the battery compartment has a very small gap between the compartment and the compartment lid. I don't know how much this affects the battery life, but I think I should be able to fit a spare battery in there if I want to swap them out. Third, the back of the device is very slick and is easy to press and hold onto the back when not in use. I think this would be better as it would have a more solid feel to it. I am going to get a more durable version soon, but for now I'm very satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used this, I plugged it into a computer and the device began to act as a modem. It then began to do the same thing on all of my computers, which led to the computer shutting down. I then purchased the product and plugged it in on my PC, and it worked just fine. I was a little disappointed at first, but it is definitely worth the money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, October 18, 2010  Works as advertised  by Daniel from New York, NY USA  Pros: Very convenient. Cons: Not easy to use. ,  Review: Works as advertised and looks good. Only problem is it does not function as a phone modem and I am trying to get a new one so I am not sure if I will be able to use it.  for the price, I can't complain about the product. It works well and does what it's supposed to do. .  and the shipping was very fast.  a good price.  is what i'm thinking when I get one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought the LG G2 from Best Buy. After a couple of weeks the screen started flickering and I noticed a little crack where the screen meets the body. I brought it in and was told it was not covered by warranty and that I should buy a new screen. It has worked well so far but I would not recommend buying from Best buy again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I got this phone and I'm so sorry for the terrible customer service. It took over 2 weeks to receive it from a UPS Store. When I opened it up and started to use it, I was really disappointed. It didn't have the battery life and was very slow. I didn't know about the issues that people had had with this phone. I'll never buy another Samsung. I gave it 3 stars because I had to wait 2 weeks for a replacement and they sent me a Samsung Galaxy S5. I really don't like the new phones.  No more Galaxy S7 Edge I'm using the Samsung Galaxy A7. It is good. It has a good camera. But I found out that the new version of the Galaxy S8 is better than the Galaxy A5. The screen is more clear. I got it and I love it. But the S8 looks more like a phone that has been in a hurricane. The battery life is also shorter. The fingerprint scanner is a nice feature but I think Samsung should have put the fingerprint sensor in the back of the phone. The S8 and S8+ are better than their predecessors. But if I want a phone like the S7 edge I should buy the S6 edge. The Galaxy S6 and S7 and S5 are too large and have too many features. The smaller and cheaper phone is better for my needs. .  I'm also using the S Pen, which is pretty nice. I'm happy I got the S5 and I'll definitely get the S9 later. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for a year now and its the most expensive piece of equipment i have ever purchased. the sound quality is terrible. i have no idea why anyone would buy this device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 04, 2015  Nice Product, Good Value  by A Customer from Lake Forest CA USA  Pros: Works well, price.  (see comment below)  Cons: Could be better built, sound is weak  Review: I have a Dell Inspiron 14" convertible laptop that I use for my personal work, school, and other personal projects. The Dell 14" laptop is not the best laptop out there, but it is the best bang for the buck. The sound is great for a laptop of its size, and the laptop does the job I need it to do well. The problem is, that the sound is not quite as good as I would like. The speakers are not powerful enough for me. I use the Inspiron for work, and for my own personal projects and entertainment. I love the laptop. I wish I had known about the DAPX Pro, but I would have probably bought the Inspirons if I had it to make the sound better.  that said, I am satisfied with the DapX Pro and it works very well with the Dell 14".  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Reviewed by: (Verified Buyer) from New York, NY USA.  to the point  No Was this review helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the K3 and was very disappointed.  This is the first thing I have used that has no battery backup, which I was hoping for since I am an avid music player.    The sound is very poor and is not what I would consider good for an audio player. The touch pad is the best part about this thing.  There is no click or vibration to keep it from falling off, which is what I expected when I bought it. I just can't get over the lack of battery backup and the terrible sound quality.  If you're looking for a good sound player for the money I would recommend you wait a little longer for the K4.  I have not seen a bad review about it on the internet.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I would like to see the battery backup. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "I had an iMac that was purchased with a two year warranty and the only repair I got was to get the hard drive replaced. The iMac is a piece of crap."  – Jason M. (1/14/12) I have a very good relationship with Apple, so this was very disappointing.  I purchased an iBook laptop for my wife that I wanted her to be able to use from the office to our house. Â Unfortunately, the computer had many issues, which resulted in the computer not being usable.  I was able to get a new laptop from Best Buy for the same price as the old one, but it was in need of an extensive repair.    The computer would not boot up on the first attempt and I had to reboot several times.  When the computer did finally boot, I ran into a number of issues including:   A broken screen       It would turn off and not restart   Unable to boot to the Mac OS X installer.    I couldn't get the installer to work with the new laptop and had to purchase the OS X Leopard upgrade from BestBuy.  I was very disappointed with my purchase, which I was able purchase from a local Best Buy and not an online store.  Unfortunately, my experience isn't unique. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing since it came out a couple years ago. it hasnt failed me yet. i love it. if i had to give it a negative i would, but other than that, its a great little device!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I had to replace my computer. I am new to the world of computers. I read a review about this computer being very difficult to use, and that it was not designed for touch screens. I bought it and went to the store to try it out. It is very easy to use and I have no problem using it for my daily needs. But, I do not know why it is not designed with a touch screen. I have been using it all day long, and the screen is a little sticky sometimes. The only thing I would say is that it is a bit pricey.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  1 out of 1 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really poor electronic device. It is very cheap, has a short battery life, the buttons don't work, it only works on one device, and you have to buy a new adapter cable.  I can't see how anyone would even buy this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  This is a great speaker, but the speaker wires are not as strong as I would have liked, I have bought 2 sets of these so I have them on hand and I can switch back and forth. I also have a set of speakers from another company, the sound is good, but a few things are a bit out of place. The soundstage is not as good as the Sennheiser, and the volume is not quite as loud as the Denon, but both have a great sound. The Denon has a bit more bass and the soundstage, and you don't really get that high end punch that the Senna and Senn have, but it's good. The only thing I don't like is that you can't get the volume up as high as you can with the Serenas and the Senas have a better bass, but you can only get the bass up so high with the Denons. So if you need a decent sounding set of headphones for the price I recommend the Seneys and the Denos, the Senes are good, and they are cheaper than the Sena. I really like the sound on the Denona's, I'm just not as impressed as I am with the sound of the Sennes. If you're a heavy user, I would recommend the Denonics and the D-Leds, but if you're just getting into listening to headphones, I'd suggest getting the Senne's. I love my Denon's, but I'm very happy that I don´t have to buy two sets of Senns, or Sennas, to replace my Denons, they are great headphones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  Great phone but needs a headphone jack.  It's nice, but needs an audio jack. It's perfect for taking photos with my iPhone. I am trying to take a video and have a camera with audio jack is really useful. The battery lasts for a day but needs more than 4 hours of use. I can only take about an hour of video and it will die after 3 hours of watching TV. I'm a heavy mobile user and I'd like to have a full battery to make it work as a camera. I guess it's a good price and great quality but I wish it had an audio jacks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device has no speakers, no mic, no video, no audio, no SD card slot. It does not have an SD card reader, it has no LCD screen, it's an old device and is not very well built. This is a horrible device and I'm sorry to say that I had to return it. Review by: Darryl G on 09/25/2014 It works ok, I have had to put it through the paces a few times. The only problem is the fact that the display is not readable. The software is not bad, it is just not as intuitive as it should be. Thanks for the feedback! Review for TCL 8200 USB 2.0 Flash Drive, Black:    I have used this drive for a while now, and I am very pleased with it. The speed is great and the quality is very good. I have no problems with it and it has been going on 4 years and still works fine. My only complaint is the price, but if you want to keep your files on a thumb drive, you can do that with a cheaper drive too. Great buy. Overall a good product. Thank you TCL.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a few years now, but i really wish they would make it so i can control it with my fingers! i use this to control my tv, but it is so fiddly! and i hate the fact that it has no buttons and it's so hard to press buttons on a touch screen because it's too close together. it's really annoying. this would be great for me if they could make it touch screen friendly. i'd pay full price for it if i could. i really hate using my laptop with it. i think i may have to buy a new one just to use this. i know a few people who have had it for a while and are very happy with it, but I really wish it would work like an ipad. i'm very disappointed with this device.  Review of DJ0268-01 Submitted By: Anonymous - Verified Buyer This is my 2nd turntable i've purchased and both times I have been very pleased with my purchase. The build quality of the platter is superb and the build quality to the cartridge is excellent. The platter feels like it will last for many years and I'm not sure I will ever need to replace it. I also have a 2" midi cable that I connect the turntables to and I have never had a problem with the cables. The tonearm is heavy duty and solid, and I like the ability to change the cartridge. The only problem I've had is that I can't seem to get the belt to stick to the tonearms, but again this is very minor and I would highly recommend this turntab to anyone who is looking for a good quality turntabled.  the turret looks like a great product, but the cable is a huge pain to deal with. It comes with the cable and a plug to plug into your amp, but you have to use your amp on its lowest setting to use it and if you do, you will lose your records. you can get the cable from the store but I can only find it at amazon or amazon.com so I can not recommend it. - the cable comes with a USB type B to USB type A cable. I have used a USB cable before, but this one is significantly worse. it is very stiff and feels cheap. It's a hassle to use as you have no control over the sound quality and you have a lot of effort
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________ I received the "Samsung S4" for my husband and son. I don't know the technical details, but I was pretty disappointed. The device has not had any problems with any of the services we have used. However, I noticed the power button is in the middle of the phone, not in the top, like the other Samsung phones I have used in the past. I also noticed that the back of the device does not come off easily. I would definitely not recommend this product.  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only had the iphone for a couple weeks now.  The iphones iphono is great.    I do not want to listen to my music with my iphony plugged in.  But the ics is a complete joke.  I love my ics.  So what do you think?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first Apple computer, and I purchased it because it came with the OS X. After installing it, I noticed that it only had 2 gigs of hard drive space. I'm only able to use about 1/4 of the hard drive for games, so I upgraded to an external hard drive, but the external hard drives are just a bigger version of the internal ones. After upgrading, I was surprised to find that the operating system crashed when I tried to change the wallpaper to a picture I wanted. I went back and bought a new computer, but it crashed a few days later. My Apple I have 2 Macs, one I bought brand new and another I bought when it was new. My Macs have both had problems. The new Mac has had a hard drive crash, and the older one has had the "no power to screen" problem. Both Macs are still working, but they have had issues, and so have I. I bought my Macs used, and it took them less than a month to get out of the box. It has a hard time running the latest OS. I have had this for about 2 years, and they are both about the same age. The new Mac is a great computer, it works like a dream, and runs the latest version of Mac OS X (8.0) but when I first got it, it was crashing more than I can count. I had to purchase a new hard drive so I can upgrade to a faster model. This has been a great investment, and will not be getting a replacement until the new hard drives come in. It is an excellent computer for the price, but I can't recommend it to anyone, just know what you are getting. This is my first computer, I've had a lot of experience with PCs before, so when I heard about the Mac, I had high hopes. I've been using it on and off since it came out. But, I'm not satisfied. The problem is the battery. It's a 6800mah battery that's not charged as quickly as my MacBook Air. I usually have about 30 minutes of power left after a full charge. I also have to wait an hour or two to get a full bootup time. It takes about a minute or two for the Mac to boot up to a black screen. And it doesn't boot up the second time after I turn it off. I really don't understand the specs
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have the new ipod 5 and it is a great product but this is a really great thing about it is you can buy it at the store and they will give you a free case which is nice to have. I wish it was in white but other then that I really like the ipod and i recommend it to my friends  Rated 5 out of 5 by Nelly from Very good ipod I'm a singer/songwriter and I really dig the sound of my ipod. I like the different sounds it produces. It sounds so good. I can't stop listening to my ipods. They are a good buy.  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  One of the most fun I've had in a while, but I'm still looking for the perfect keyboard  - The clicky keyboard is very annoying, especially when typing something like an email  __________________ Last edited by JB ; 07-22-2016 at 02:29 AM.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this electronic device for me to replace a bad one. It's a good product but I have never had good luck with these units.  I used the first one and it worked fine for a few months.    The second one was a total flop.  The unit did not work, the screen would go black and then it would come on again.  This unit has never been used for anything else.  So I took a chance on the third one and got it working.  It is very easy to set up.  I had it up and working the day I received it.  But I found out that I can not get it to work when I turn it on.  That's what I thought at first.  When I tried to turn it off and on again, the unit would not turn on. It would not even turn on when the battery was half gone.  So I got a new battery, but it has not worked at all.  Now I have to return it. I've been trying to get my money back for over a month now. I'm sure I'll get it back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since last year and the only good thing is that it does the job but it's so expensive to be just a cheap toy. this thing is not worth the price. you would have to be a real pro to use this. it is the only thing on my shelf that has no buttons to press.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The way you look at it, it's not really about the phone." -Mark Twain  -Jules
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a year now and its still a complete waste of money. it isnt even a good phone, and its so bad its not worth having. I had a Samsung S6 with a good battery life, but this one just doesnt get close. the camera is terrible and its really not worth the money for that. i would rather have a nexus 6 or something better. I dont even know why you would buy it over a nexus.  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: D.C. - Verified Buyer This phone is a great buy and I would buy one again. I have a Nexus 6 with 4gb of ram and 32gb of storage. This phone has 4gb and 32gb of ram. It has all the other features you want such as the fingerprint scanner and dual sim. I purchased this phone on sale for $350. I got it on a promo deal so I paid $100.00. I am very happy with this phone and would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a great phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the first computers I purchased that wasn't a laptop or desktop.  I'm not a big fan of the touch pad and I found the sound quality to be mediocre, but I was glad to have a computer that wasn?t just a glorified terminal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this phone for less than a week and I have to say I am very disappointed with it.  This phone does not work very well at all and when you try to do anything with it it doesn't work at all.    When I first opened the box and turned it on, it would not make a call.  It wouldn't do anything.  I have had a very good experience with this company in the past and I hope that I am getting another one that works.  Also when you turn it on it says it's not in charge of the phone.  When you try and turn it off and on again it says "It's not charged, it's charging".   It is not in the battery.  The phone is not charged when you plug it in, so I've had to take it out of the box, turn it back on and charge it. I have taken it to the service center to get a replacement battery but the service department was not very helpful and just told me that I should just pay for the shipping of the defective battery and I'll pay the rest of the shipping to get the replacement.  This is a very frustrating experience.  If I could rate it a one star, I would but it is not worth the money I spent on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you're going to buy a good device with decent build quality, then this is the one to get.  The built in rechargeable battery is pretty amazing for a phone that has the same size and weight as a brick, and the screen is just amazing.  I also really like the design of the device.  The phone looks great, the buttons are pretty nice, and there are no sharp edges to the device like there is on many other phones.  It has a very nice, smooth finish and a solid build.   The battery is easily replaced, and if you ever need to, you can easily use the micro USB port to charge it.  Overall, I love this phone.  For $130, it's a steal.  If you're looking for a cheap, small phone with good build quality and screen, this is a great choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ My brother's new MacBook Pro was purchased last summer and he really loves it. He uses it almost daily for work and school and he's a computer guy. But recently he broke his screen on the new MacBook, so I bought him a refurbished one from eBay. But the screen still has the same problem (black screen, can't use the touchpad). The refurbished screen has a different problem (the power button is stuck and can't be pressed) and it has been a few months. The refurbish screen is now dead, so he has a brand new one, but he has to send it back, because it's broken. The reason he bought it from eBay was because it looked like it was brand new. So, if I can't trust it, what's the point of buying it?  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 18, 2015  Excellent  by John from Los Angeles CA USA  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: None  Review: Good price, good screen, very well built.  I really like the fact that it has both an on and off button, instead of just on and it doesn't take long to turn the unit on or off. I also like the screen that comes with it.  in the dark the display doesn't bother me.  the touch pad works great, and the mouse pointer is very responsive. I don't like the on/off switch, because you have to press it again to turn it on. So that's one less button to press! but I can live with that, since I use the mouse anyway.  to make it better I would buy it in black instead of silver, because the silver screen looks nicer.    Was also wondering how long it would last, because I bought it for work. But for personal use I expect to last a long time. ,  John from Los  Yes, I'll Buy Again  By James from Northbrook IL USA -  This is the third time I have purchased a used Apple product from your site. I have used the refurbished versions of these products before and they are all very reliable and work great. My only disappointment with this model is that the battery life is very short. I was hoping it would give me a few more days, but in my experience it lasts about a day. The price for this model of Apple laptop is
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is an amazing product, but it doesn't work very well. My wife is very fussy about the way she can access her e-mail. She wants to be able to do everything, but she can't figure out how to do it. She can't access her computer, can't find her email. This has been the bane of her existence. I have tried everything from a computer mouse, to an external hard drive, and nothing works well. I finally got the guts to call them. I called about a week ago, and asked to be transferred to a customer service representative. I explained the problem to her, and she explained to me how the device works. I told her that the problem was with the device, and I wanted a new one. She said that she could not do anything for me, and that I should just use another device. She advised me to purchase the "Acer Laptop Adapter" from Dell for $99.00. When I bought the adapter, I realized that it was too small. It was too short to be of any use, and the instructions did not tell me that the adapter was a dongle, which was supposed to fit the adapter to the computer, and not be able fit onto the computer itself. I'm still looking for another solution.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** I have been using this product for about a year. I love the sound and the speed. However, my wife has had a similar set of headphones for many years and I found them to be just as good. I bought these for my kids so they can listen to music at the park or on the bus or train. I was surprised to see they cost about $20 more than the older model I bought. The sound quality is great, I just wish they would have included the remote and battery. I use the phone app to control the volume and the headphones are too loud for kids to listen to without being annoyed.  Style of music playing: ********* The sound is pretty good for the price, the only thing I didn't like was the way they were stored in the case. I didn' t realize that the headphones came with a remote but then it came with the phone adapter for the remote. I thought it was a cool way to store them in a case. Other than that I liked it. . This is an outstanding product. It does exactly what it says on the tin and I'm happy I bought them.  "A must have in my collection"  Review by: DENNIS. Rating: 5 Excellent product, sound quality. "Good for the money" . Rated: 5 I bought the pair of this set as a Christmas present. My wife loves these. She listens to music on them and I just use my iPod and my iPhone to listen. I would highly recommend this product. I also have the iPod Touch and I will use these as well. Thank you!  Great product at a great price. "Great for the $$" Rated: 4 I have a pair of the wired headphones and I really like them. They are quiet and the sound quality's great. The only problem is that they are so big I have to get them in my pocket sometimes. But if you are looking for a good pair of headphones, look no further. ,  Excellent value. "Excellent product at an Excellent price" Rated 5 I was so happy to find these headphones in stock at my local WalMart. They sound amazing. They have great sound quality, even through a car audio system. I wish I had these in my car so I could listen to the radio on my way to work without the sound cancelling. If you need good quality headphones with a decent sound then this is a great value
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my old cell phone that got lost in the house when I moved out.  This unit does the job. __________________________________________________________ Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few months now and it still doesnt do what i need it to do. I have had problems with the usb ports being out of spec and then getting hot, and the sd slot being dead. The software is a total mess and it doesnt seem to be working properly with a lot of the other stuff that came with the device. It is a nice device, but the quality control issues have me questioning its longevity. I gave it 3 stars because its nice to have a backup of your photos, but i think its a big waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** This is a nice looking device, but is just a little flimsy. I bought it to listen to music while I was on my bike. When I put it on my ear, the earphones just started to buzz. When the earbuds are on, the sound is ok, but when I take the headphones off, it makes the music sound weird. Also, the volume control is really flimsy, so you can't adjust the volume at all. It has a built in microphone, but that's about it. For a $15 product, you should get a better one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very comfortable I have the wireless version and it's very comfortable. I think it's a little overpriced for what it is. I can't comment on the other wireless models because I don't own them.  that's really all I can say  Review of DJKM1 Wireless Headphones - Black I bought these to pair with my new DJM 900nexus. They work well, sound is very clear. The only thing is that they are a little bit heavy. I prefer the ear buds from a different brand.    DJM 900NXS  Product Rating: 5 out of 10  Performance Rating: 4 out 5  Value Rating: 3 out of 4  Pros:  + Comfortable. .  in-ear design.  the ear tips have a nice feel and fit your ear like a glove.  have been very pleased with the quality and fit of the ear phones so far. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a while now. ive purchased it to replace an old wireless remote with bluetooth but the bluetooth is horrible.  i had to replace it twice with new parts. the remote is ok but you can only hold it so far away.   i really dont like it that much  i have had it for a little over a year now. i love the remote 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ - The display is so small and not easy to see what's happening. The screen is too bright. - I'm having trouble with the app to get it to work. I can't find the app anywhere on the Internet. It's like an iPhone app that can't be found. - The microphone isn't very good. I'm a singer/songwriter and I can hear the people behind me. The microphone will pick up the singer/singing voice but it can't hear the other person's voice. - There's no power-off function. - A lot of people have problems with the touch screen. I have no problems with it. I use it in my car, but I still have to have a power plug or outlet to put the screen down on. - It's a little hard to find what you're looking for when you have to go into the settings. I find myself going to the settings to change things I don't like. I think that would be a big deal with all the things I like about it. - For the price, I think I'll look at a better screen, or find a cheaper option. - Overall, I like it but I would say that it needs a lot more work. It just needs some work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for over a month and i have to say that its awful. I bought this for the peace of mind that the phone can be repaired and i was hoping for the same thing. The screen has become unreadable over the last few days and it will only be fixed by going to the service center and having them fix it. So after about a week of not being able to use my phone i gave up on it and went with a different phone. Its a great phone but i think i will be looking for a new phone instead of going with this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My old Samsung T9000 phone is broken. It works great with the latest version of the Samsung internet browser. I have tried a couple of other phones with the same problem and none work. This phone will not connect to my computer at all. I even tried a different modem and it still doesn't work. Please do something about this. I am going to order a new phone, but I don't know if I should go with another brand. The quality is great but this phone is just not worth the hassle.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: tech_joes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned it for about a month now and the speaker is horrible. I have a set of bluetooth speakers that arent as bad but the sound is very weak, especially on the highest setting. I replaced mine with a good set of wireless speakers and they are a much better speaker. This is the worst speaker ive ever owned. The price was great, but i cant recommend it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Cian from Works great and great value. I bought a used one for the first time and was skeptical. However, when I went to install it on my new tv I knew this was the one. It's great! I didn't like the fact that it was too big but that's a minor issue with the product. . -  The sound is great and I have used my own speakers to compare with this speaker. My old one is still good but the new one is more clear and better sounding.  and it comes with a great remote control  -
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The only thing that I don't like about this is that I would like to see the buttons on the side of the device in better place. If you hold the buttons with the same position for a while, you'll eventually end up with an ache on your hand and you'll feel the buttons have a bad quality and don't click properly. I think the design of the buttons is good, but the buttons are too small and the plastic can easily break. I like the fact that there is a backlight, but I don�t like that it can only be turned on when you turn the device on and off, which I don;t like. If I were to buy another iMac, I would most likely go for a bigger iMac and get a touch screen iMac.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good iMac I bought this computer as a replacement for a Mac Mini and it performs exactly as it should. I did have one complaint, though, it didn't take very long for my old iMac to boot up with the drive plugged in. I guess that was the reason I chose the mini. , but after reading the reviews I have to say I think it's a fantastic product. I'm glad I finally found one I can trust. The only complaint is the one I had, but a Mac Pro replacement is not a replacement at all. You have to have the same drive. I had a 256 MB and a 512 MB.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was extremely disappointed with the sound of my wireless stereo.  The volume is way too loud and the bass is way to weak. Â I had a Sony MDR-7506 and it sounded great!  My first problem is the size of the speaker, which makes it hard to play music, and makes it harder to hear.    I had to have the speaker at the very end of the speakers in the wall.  The second problem is that it is really hard to use the remote control and adjust the volume.  This is a great device for gaming, but not really for music.  My wife used to love her iPod Touch.  I have the same model, but after two weeks of using the Triton, I can see why my wife loved her iPod so much.  They were both the same size and price, but the T-tron is way more expensive.  If I ever need a portable speaker that I can use while on the road, this is what I'll choose. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this item after hearing good things about it. It works great, but there is no way to set the time to start and stop the alarm. It just keeps going and going until the battery dies. Also the alarm goes off on its own, which is annoying. I really like the alarm features, but it is just not worth the price. I can't recommend it. ---------------  Good little alarm The alarm works fine and is very quiet. It can be a bit of a hassle to set up, but once you do it works very well. The only downside is that you can't adjust the volume on the alarm which can be annoying when you have your phone on silent.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was awful.  It took me about 15 minutes to fix the problem, and it was the worst problem I've had with any kind of device.  The display is so bad, it looks like someone took a crayon and colored it.    My phone is a Samsung Galaxy S4, but I bought the S5 (and this is the only review I will write on that phone, because I don't like it).   I used it for a while and got used to the way it worked.  This thing is a total disaster.  If you don't want to put up with the crappy display, don't buy this.  I gave it a 4/10 because the display is bad and it is very difficult to use.  I have no idea how I am supposed to use this thing... I guess I should have read the instructions. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a psu for about 10 years. ive replaced the psu in 3 other psus, it works great and ive never had an issue with it. theres a reason i got this psu. if youre going to get a psus, get a good psu!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this product at a local sporting goods store and I am not impressed. I had it for a week and the battery was dead after 2 days. The first time I used it, the device froze up. I thought the battery would be dead so I turned it off and turned it back on and it still froze. I was so disappointed that I threw it out. I will not buy it again and the only reason I am buying a replacement is so I can send the old one back. I guess if you use it daily it will last a long time. I did get an 8 month warranty but it will not fix it. It is a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This item is NOT as described. There is a very small, extremely high pitched, and very annoying noise coming from this unit. When I unplugged the unit, the noise was still present. I returned the unit and will not purchase this product again. ___________  "It's a good device, but the sound is terrible. I'm not sure if the noise is the problem or the device itself. I just unplug this from my headphones and use my other noise cancelling earbuds.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this phone for almost 3 years now. the sound is very good. the camera quality is very bad. this phone was bought to replace my old Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I thought it would be a good upgrade. but when I got the phone I found out that the sound was bad. the screen was very weak. and the battery was bad as well. my phone died about 3 weeks after I bought it. and my wife wanted to replace the phone. she said that she was getting a new phone in about a month. and I dont want to buy a new one when this phone will last 2 years. and im getting a prepaid sim card. this is not a good phone to get. if you want a good mobile phone, look at the Samsung Galaxy S5 or the Nexus 6. Ive had the S5 and S6 for 3 years and both phones have done a great job. the S6 is better in many ways. and if you get a prepaid phone, it may cost more but if you buy the phone you wont be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The first thing I noticed was that the power button is not very bright. It also takes a long time to start the device. I have also had problems with the battery and that it has been dead before I can get it working. Also, the sound is very weak and does not come out of the speakers very loud. I also had a problem with the USB port not working at all. Other than that, it's ok.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from A total failure. I am a huge fan of this speaker. I bought one to replace an old one and it is a total failure for the price. The volume control has a weird click to it and when it works it is really weak. The bass is terrible and is very far from the treble. I had a different model and it worked much better. I even replaced the speaker cable with a better one but it still does not sound good. I wish that they would just do a better job and make a better speaker.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The product arrived with a damaged case. The electronic board is still working, but the LCD screen is shattered. I would have paid the extra to get it replaced. I'll stick with my old CRT.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent and Great Product I've been using a Dell P2515H for a few years now, and love it. It is a great monitor that I can use to show off my work on. But I just recently decided to buy a new monitor and I wanted to go with a VA. I saw this and couldn't resist it. The price was right and I needed a VA so I took a chance and bought it. I'm very happy with my purchase. I can't wait to upgrade to the next model and get the P2715.  of this monitor. I wanted something smaller than the P25 15, and this fit the bill. The size and quality are excellent. The color is beautiful and the contrast is very good. I have a couple of criticisms. I wish the bezel had a bit more depth to it. Otherwise, I'm pleased with the monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 3, it is a good phone, but if you do not have it, you are not going to have the phone you wanted.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the sony psu for about a year and it was not working and so i bought a new one. this thing sucks. when you turn it on it goes into the usb port. the usb isnt a usb plug but a cable. the cable was very bad, it was too thick and the wires were bad and it wouldnt connect to my psu. i took it back and got a new psu but the thing still doesnt work. i would not recommend this to anybody.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a customer of one of the companies that sells this device.  They have been selling this device for over a year.   There was a slight problem in the device and it was repaired at my expense, which was great.  The next thing I know the device was defective and the company would not honor my warranty.     So, I contacted the manufacturer, who is no longer in business.  They told me that the device had a manufacturing defect and would be repaired at no cost to me.  However, there was a big catch...    The manufacturer wanted me to pay for the replacement.  I was a bit upset that they wanted to charge me for a device that would now fail to work, so I was very upset when I received a call from them saying that I was being charged for the device, but that the company that repaired it was no longer operating.  Since then I have been looking for a replacement device, and this is my third purchase from this company.  It has been a hassle, and the warranty is not worth it.  There is no way I am returning this device to this company, so don't bother trying to find one that works. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone has a bad sound. I have a macbook pro with the best audio i've ever heard from a computer. iPhone is very quiet. I do have to adjust volume for it to sound good. Not good for a portable.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark H from Best phone ever! I've owned three different phones in my life. I own an iPhone 4 and have always preferred the look and size. The phone is very compact and is very durable and well made. It was not until my son got an iPhone 5 that I realized that this phone is just as good if not better. It is so much lighter, smaller, and more convenient. The camera is very nice and the camera is fast. The only thing I wish they would do is put a battery case in it, because it can be a little difficult to charge. But, it is worth it because this is one of the best phones I've ever owned!  Rating:5.0  Review ID: 2044
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I'm going to have to give this product a negative rating for being very cheap. This thing worked great for the first couple of days, but after a few days of use it finally gave up on me. I'm not going to buy another one. The display is horrible, and the buttons are difficult to use. The power on and off buttons are hard to press. I also found that the power on/off button does not have the power indicator. The remote was hard to use and the remote control that came with it was just not as good as the one I got in the box. I recommend getting a bluetooth remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the touchpad for a year and a half now and i can say its been horrible. i have had a lot of issues and a couple of issues that have happened after the warranty expired. i had the touch pad replaced because it didnt work as well as it was supposed to and the warranty was still good. the replacement touch pad came with a new battery and a new cable and everything but when i started using it again i was having the same issues with the touch panel. its not a bad touch pad but i am going to buy something else. i dont have a problem with the other issues but i do have a hard time getting this one to work. i'm still going to use it but the only reason i got it was for the warranty and now i have a brand new one that didnt even work well for a month and the replacement one that was supposed t work better than the original one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The first thing I noticed about this device is that it does not have an internal battery. You need to plug the device in before using it to recharge the battery, as it only has a USB cable that you plug into the USB port of your computer. The only other thing that you should know is that the buttons on this unit are very hard to push. The one on the left is the power button and the one on right is the back button. I have had this for a little over a year now and I have to use the power cable to charge the device. The other thing I like about the device is the size and that it is lightweight. But the design of the device doesn't look very good, as I can see where the material used for the battery cover has gotten dull and crumbled in some spots. I don't really like the color of the battery either as the back and front have a blue tint to them. I'm also having a problem with the buttons not working. I would like to see this unit come with a charging cable to use when the battery dies, and I think that would be a great add on. But overall this is a decent unit that would work well for the price and is good for some casual gaming on the go.  Rated 4 out of 5 by jessyjane from great gaming controller for kids and young adults I bought this for my 2 year old and he loves it. He's very good at using it and is really quick with the stick and buttons. The buttons on it are a little hard to press and the joystick is a little bit awkward. But it's all good. It's a great little gaming controller that my kids like to play with. The gamepad is a nice touch as well, it's not too small but it doesn't have too much to hold on to, just right for kids. Overall, great gaming device for young people!  Review of DJI Mavic Pro 3 - DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Review DJI's newest drone, the Phantom 2, is getting pretty popular. I was very excited when I received the DJI mavic pro 3. The mavi's looks and design are identical to the original mavics but they feature an extra 2 cameras, giving you an even more comprehensive camera solution. The video quality is good and the flight time is really long for a 3-axis gyro stabilized drone. You can purchase a battery charger
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good piece of equipment but not as good as the Sony A3000. The quality is good, the sound is good. But it does not play the audio as good a Sony. The Sony A2000 has the ability to play sound from a CD as well as the video and music. The sound quality of the Sony is much better but if you do not want to use the music player (like the Sony, I do not use) then the sound quality will not be as good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this item thinking it was a great idea to buy a smart watch, but I'm sorry to say it's not really that great. When I plugged it in and started it up, I found that it only had 5 or so apps installed, most of which I couldn't even use, the watch is so small and the battery life is so poor, I'll never buy one of these again. I don't know why Apple doesn't release their own device in the future. This one is just a gimmick and I will be moving on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love this product but I have to say that it's very hard to use the screen. The touch screen is very sensitive and you have to press really hard to change the brightness of the screen, but when you do, it changes so slow. I had to buy another one of these to use my iPad. I wish it would change faster and be more responsive. I've never had problems with a battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new iPad 2 and the screen starts off great. Then it turns off randomly with no warning.  After a week of this I realized it's because of a defect in the screen. The new iPad is way better than the first one. It's not my first iPad and I'm sure the problem is more common with newer ones. Write a positive review about an awesome electronic device :  The best gaming device I've ever used.    I've been playing games on it for weeks and it still works fine.  Write about a good price :   This thing is not cheap but the quality is awesome.  It's a great tablet.  I would recommend this device for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for over 2 years now. it is really good. i do recommend it though if u want a solid and dependable product. ive had my router for a few months now and i just wish i had the money to upgrade. i just cant get my wireless to work. the sound is not good at all but it does work.!!!!!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my ipad 3 for about a year and a half now and I have to say it is a piece of junk and the screen and touch screen are terrible. it is very laggy, hard to use with one hand and it has no speakers, you can't talk on it at all. i would rather just have my iPad 4. this is an update to my original review: i have had the ipad for about 3 months now and i have to go back to my iphone 6 plus. the touch screen is great but the battery life is terrible and it never lasts more than a couple days of usage before the battery dies. so I bought the ipod 3 and it is amazing! I don't have to worry about my ipod dying. the display is gorgeous and the sound quality is great. i also love the camera and i use it alot and i love that it comes with an ipod case! but the main reason i'm giving it four stars is because the touch interface is just terrible. so if you don't mind using your iPad 3 like a laptop then this is a great product, but if you want a tablet you'll probably be better off just buying a iphona iphon 4 or ipod touch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Nexus 6P for my wife and I. I love the Nexus line and the 6P is no exception. It is a very solid and well made device, I would give it a solid 9.  We had a few issues with the device, which we are still working out.  I have the same issues with my Nexus 6 and that is not a good sign. I had a hard time trying to find the "quick charge" setting on the charger, so I just used it in the morning and it would not charge.  We had to go back to the store to get a new one and the problem still is not fixed.  So we have to get another one before we can use it. I would not recommend this device to anyone, I was expecting much better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for the battery life and the ability to connect to a computer and a bluetooth keyboard. The battery life is short, and the bluetooth connection is very buggy. It's an easy replacement if you're not using it for more than 5 minutes. But that's it. The keyboard isn't a good idea either, since the touchpad and the mouse are very sensitive. I don't have much to say about the battery, but it's not great either.  Rated 4 out of 5 by John W. from Good device, but need to change settings I bought the Zowie EC1 back in February 2014. I use it for a variety of purposes, from writing notes to surfing the web to playing music to playing games. The EC1 has been a great addition to my computer, but the settings on the EC1 are not set up to work with my computer. I had no idea the settings to turn off the blu/power/sleep/power saving modes were not in the EC3. So when I tried to do this, it worked, but then, when I put my EC3 into power saving mode, it would not turn back on. This was due to a problem with the settings, not the device itself. I ended up trying to reset the EC2, and it also did not work, so I ended with buying the ZOWIE EC3 instead. That device works flawlessly, with all settings in the right places. I would recommend this product, especially if you use it frequently. But if you just need a new keyboard, it's a great buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This is a great device. The battery lasts forever and it has never failed me. It has a huge battery capacity. The only problem with this product is the charger. I bought this to use with my car. The first time I charged it it would charge for 2-3 hours and then the light would go out and the device would not charge any more. I have since bought another one and I'm sure it will last a lot longer than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an absolute joke on all the other cheapo "gizmos" that are available for a few dollars. I ordered this for the sole purpose of having an alarm to go off in case I forget to turn the water on at night. It's a great alarm that I really like. It is very easy to set up and use. It doesn't get much easier than that.  However, I can't really recommend it to anyone else.  The only good thing about this unit is that it is very loud, but if you have a dog, I think this is a little loud to be comfortable for the dog. I've also had a few people ask about having an automatic shut off feature.  This unit is not a good alarm, it's a very poor alarm. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ 1. ___________. ___________________________________ 2. _________________________. __________________________________________________________________ 3. ____ ____________________________. ______________________ _______________________________________________________________________________  I have owned my PS4 for 3 weeks now and it works great. I use the PS4 on a 5 year old computer but it works just fine. I have noticed a little lag but not too bad. I can't say it's the best game pad ever but it's good enough for me. If you like games that are fast paced you will like the pad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ (no one likes you) The first I've ever owned, the second I'm going to throw out. The first day I bought this I plugged it in and the screen went black for about 2 minutes. I turned it on and the same thing happened. The second day I plugged in the charger and it worked fine. After that day I decided to try it again. This time it worked but not as well as before. I went online to see if anyone else had had the same problem. I got a couple of negative reviews and one good one. So I decided not to try this again. The worst part about this device is the sound quality. It is extremely annoying to hear the "click" when you push the button. I'm thinking it is a very cheap speaker so that's why it is so loud. I would not recommend this to a friend!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is just a horrible piece of junk! I bought one of these as a replacement for a broken laptop because I wanted a tablet for my kids to play with, but it is just awful. The touch screen is so bad, you can't even turn the screen on and off. It is horrible and not worth the money. It does not even have a backlight. It looks like someone just bought a new tablet, slapped a touch screen on it and painted the tablet white. I have been looking for a replacement, but I am just going to go back to my old one that I have in my drawer. I am going to return this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ If your device doesn't work and you have to pay the $60, you can go to the store and buy a new one and the money that you paid for that new one will go into their credit card. If you want a device that works you can't buy one and give the money to the company. I am a fan of Motorola and if this is what they have to offer then I am buying one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  By: mr. h. (Indiana) on 04/18/2016 I have used my iPad and iPhone and both of them are very bad. I will never buy another Apple product. It is not easy to change the battery or to get the charger to work. I wish I could give it zero stars.  Product: iPad Air 2 (2015)  Model number: A1552  Serial number: F0497701  Price: $99.99  Purchased from: Apple Store  Years: 2
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this monitor because my old one was bad. The only problem is that the display is way to small for me to read.  If you want to be able to read it in person, you have to use the laptop screen as a reference.  There's not much to say about this.    The monitor is fine, but there is nothing to look at, except for the LCD. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the speaker was bad. It has a high-pitched buzz and you have to push it really hard to hear anything at all. The quality is not as good as my previous headphones (which I loved), but for a beginner this is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I purchased this as a gift for my husband but after using it for about a month, he finally took it back to the store and bought the better product. _________ I purchased a new laptop and I can say for sure it's the best laptop I've ever had. It was very easy to set up and has a wonderful battery life. The only thing I don't like about the laptop is the battery life, I get about 5 hours of continuous use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit I purchased arrived broken.  I called the phone number on the box and asked for an RMA number.    A technician was able to fix it in a week.  I will be returning this item and the replacement for an Iphone 6S, I had no problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device is good for what it does.   BUT   it's a piece of junk.  ,  - I bought this device to use as a backup for my laptop and it does not do anything at all for my computer and is a complete waste of money. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 2 months and it is still not functioning. i cant get any sound out of it and when i plug it in it gets very warm. i was going to give this device away but since it is a new one i wont be able to. it is the most expensive device i have ever owned and the only reason i bought it was because i have a good friend who uses one. so if i was to give it back to the guy who gave it to me he would be out like a light.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! It's too expensive and the screen is not working well. The only good thing is that it has a good battery life but I am sure that is only for battery operated devices. I can't imagine the screen being very bright. It's just not that bright. The battery life is bad. The speakers are very loud and the remote control is just as bad as the other one. The device is great but you need to find a good replacement. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- My Samsung galaxy tab 3.0 and the phone call screen was terrible I just had to throw it out but the only good thing about this phone is the design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you are not a huge fan of the way the screen is laid out and the fact that it is a cheap monitor. then this is not for you. If you have a high end computer and want to have a monitor that is just as nice as your high end PC. then the monitor is not a bad buy. The only thing that I didn't like about this monitor is that there is no color options. I like to play games that have colors and that's why I got this. If I had a high quality computer, I would probably have gotten a nicer one. Overall, I'd recommend this to people who want to use their computer on a small monitor.  Good Monitor:   I have a 17" laptop with a 1920x1080 screen. I am always getting stuck on the black screen when playing games on the laptop. I got a 27" monitor to replace my laptop and it is great. The colors are great, I can use it as a desktop computer or I can just use it for a laptop. It has a great viewing angle. It is easy to use and has all the features that I want. I just wish it had a better viewing angle so I could see better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a year and i really liked the look and feel of the phone, however, the battery life is awful, i can only get 3 to 4 hours out of the battery. i was so excited when i got this phone and it actually is pretty good, i love the touch screen and the design is pretty cool, however its not a phone i can really use every day. the best part is the android apps it has, but it's not very good and the only reason i'm not giving it a 5 star is because the battery lasts only 3 hours.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  My best friend is a mechanical engineer. I used his tools to build my computer.   I hope this is as much fun as building my own.   in case someone finds this post helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a while and ive gotten a bit spoiled by it. Ive been on the phone with it all day while watching youtube and iv been having issues with the audio coming out muffled and not really getting my point across to my friend. Its been like this for about 2 months now and i dont know what to do. i tried using my bluetooth headset with it but it was a complete pain in the ass. i just want my money back. so this is an awesome app but i wish it worked like it did on the tv and not to bother with using it for it. Also i dont think its worth the money and the hassle to replace it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________. This was the first electronic device that I have ever owned that I didn't enjoy the use of at least once. The problem is that this device is not a good value. I am a professional and the price of this product is too high for my use. The remote is very bulky and cumbersome. I do not like having to hold the remote and then holding the device to use it. This is the second time that I am returning this item and I will never purchase this product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* The iPhone is great for a lot of things, but for what I needed it for I'm glad I upgraded. It's very easy to use and the camera is really good, but the speakers are crap. The battery life is pretty bad, but I have an iPhone so I have to make do. I have a hard time understanding why this was a "good" purchase for $400. I got it to replace an old Motorola Droid I have, but honestly I wouldn't use this as a daily driver for most things. I would recommend this to someone who wants a good smartphone but is not willing to drop $400 on a smartphone, but is willing to buy an Apple product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I received my new tablet today, but I have to say that I am VERY disappointed with the performance. The battery life is really bad, and I'm afraid that I will be leaving my old tablet at the curb when I use this one. The interface is terrible, the tablet has NO BACKUP battery, and the tablet is very heavy. This is not a great tablet for anyone who wants a lightweight portable device. I gave it 5 stars only because I bought the blue one because I was having a hard time finding a tablet in this color at the store, and it was pretty inexpensive for a good tablet. I'm going to buy the black one next, since I don't like the blue color.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Vostok USA M-LOK / M-ROK RIS (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike forums.  a Rafflecopter giveaway
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery lasted 3 days. I bought this in hopes of a long life battery. When it came I was disappointed. I'm sure I will be back but I'm not so sure if I would buy again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 12, 2011  good  by: Richard from California USA  Pros: Works good  Cons: Only works on iPhone 4, not iPad or iPod Touch  Review: works great. I use it on my ipod 3g and an iphone 4.  in the morning I have the battery level at 9% but it shows at 12%. It is getting hot so I turn off the phone and use the battery. .  at noon the battery is at 18% and the ipod 4 is at 9%.  . after a while the battery starts to get low, so I restart the phone. I see it at 8% but the ipad battery is still at 11%.  in general the charger is very reliable and does what it is supposed to do. ,  Good job Apple!  By: John from Ohio USA ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  A friend once told me that there are no bad reviews.   I bought the Apple TV for my wife, but it only works one out of five times. It is a piece of junk. She can only get a movie through it once every three or four years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If the power button doesn't work, I have to switch to the charger and back again until it does. I was expecting better, but this is a cheap device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My new LG G2 is a disaster. I bought it after seeing so many negative reviews on Youtube. It has an ugly design, is too light, doesn't come with a micro SD card, and it's a pain to use. After trying to use it with my Sony phone, the touch screen was too small and the buttons too small.  After buying the new Samsung Galaxy S3, I had a similar problem and bought the G2 as well.   It's too light and it makes me feel like I'm using a piece of garbage.  The only saving grace is the battery life.  My battery is just over a day, but I have to charge it every night or else it will die.  I have had a Samsung Galaxy Nexus since it came out, but it still has the same design problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since 2004 and it isnt working. it was not supposed to last this long. if you want a good speaker this is not for you.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Noisy, Badly made I bought the X1s as a replacement for my old home theatre. I have a decent sized room and have been listening to music, movies and podcasts through these. I had to turn it off to shut it down on a trip to the local supermarket. It was so noisy, even with the volume set low. The speaker has the sound of a large computer mouse. I think that I will have to replace it with something else. I've heard good speakers, but this is just too bad. ...  The X1 is a very good soundbar for a very reasonable price. It has a few problems, namely the volume and the noise level. The volume on the X4i was very good for its price range. The X1's volume was not as good. However, if you are a power user, you may find that you prefer the X2's sound and will be able to live with the lower volume.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The unit has many problems. The first one is the audio quality. I was able to use the speakers to listen to music. The sound is good but when I'm listening to music on my phone, the sound comes out as garbled and distorted. I'm not sure what to do with this device. I'd rather have something I can use to listen on my car stereo or my cell phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you buy this phone, you'll probably have problems with it. The battery life is terrible, the touch screen is really hard to use and there is a huge learning curve. It's a good phone if you're a tech-geek but if you don't have a lot of money you might want to get something better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPad is not very useful for me because the apps are not always working.  You have to go online to find them.   And the only thing that is really useful is the email app. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device worked great for a few months.  I had it on for a week and then the power button broke and it stopped working.  I called and the tech said it was in their backlog and that I could get a new one and that they'd ship it out to me.    They didn't answer the phone when I called them, but I called the next day and they were very nice and said I'd be receiving a new device.  So when it came it had the same problem with the power key breaking.  After reading the reviews on this site and the forum it seems to me that this product is just another one of those that can be purchased but is not worth the price.  My friend is very happy with the quality and performance of his product and I would recommend it to a friend.  Posted by M.C. at 5:52 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ I'm a software engineer and a computer user. I've bought and sold computers, but this is by far the worst one I've ever owned. It's so hard to use that I just use my iPhone to call someone if I can't get a signal from this thing. The screen is extremely small and hard to read at night, it's too bright for a screen in the dark, it constantly needs to be turned off and on, the buttons are horrible to press, and it's just too big to use. I would buy another one but I can already see the batteries dying on it before I get it to work right.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, February 11, 2013  Best small computer I have ever owned!  by Anonymous from CA USA  Pros: Compact, Easy to use, and nice design Cons: the battery doesn't last long.  the battery don't last for long. other than that its great! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________: This device is a joke! The buttons work ok, but after a few minutes of use I start to feel like I'm not going to make it to the toilet, then the unit won't turn on. I'm going to have to get another one. I have been looking for a good electronic device for a while and this is the only one I have found. I don't know why anyone would buy this device. The price is right though!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Jim from Good for the price and works well I like this thing. The problem I had was that the button to turn it on didn't work after a couple of tries. I used the key to turn the unit on and it worked. I also tried turning the unit off, but it still wouldn't turn off. After some research, I decided to replace the circuit board with a better one, and that solved the problem. So far, it seems to be working as I'd like it to.  From the first day, this unit worked perfectly. The battery life is good, the price is good and the performance is very good. If you want an inexpensive unit with decent power, this is it! The only negative is that you have to use the key on the unit, but I haven't had any issues with the unit turning off. I am very satisfied with this purchase!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 weeks now and the problem ive found is that the battery doesnt last very long. i have had to replace it a few times already and ive noticed the screen getting hot while on. I also noticed that my music and movies keep turning off. Ive already bought another one from another site. This thing is a waste of money. I have been using it a lot less than i thought i would and it still keeps on having trouble. I wouldnt recommend.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from Excellent Product I bought this product about a month ago. I bought it because of the good reviews on here and because it had the longest battery life. I was pleasantly surprised at how it performed and was pleased with the price. The only problem I had was that the sound quality was not great. I still have to set the speaker volume level high, and I noticed that the speaker noise was coming from all directions, so I had to put a piece of foam tape over the speakers to keep it from getting in my way. I do like the fact that it does a good job at turning the lights off and on and it does it automatically, so that's another plus. I haven't had any problems with the sound so far. The lights are easy to turn on and off. The biggest problem I have found is the battery life, which is less than a month. I don't really know if this is a common problem or a defect in the unit. I think it is probably a defect.    Rated 5 out of a possible 5 out the product is good. I just received this item a few days ago and I have to say its a great product for the price, and it looks very nice. I had a problem with the batteries last week and after looking online I found this product and it has a long battery life and is easy to operate. The quality is great, and the sound is great. If I could give it a 5 star rating I would. , and so far its working great, but if I don' t turn the volume all the way up when I use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device on 3 separate occasions to watch the sun setting in my house from the roof top and it is very difficult to see through the screen when the sun is high in the sky. the only reason I bought this is so i can watch my house, but after using it for that long i cant imagine using it again. i can't see a thing when the moon is up. the sun should have a better screen than this. also, i have to keep my screen facing down the whole time so that the sun wont make it blurry. so its not worth it at all.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very Easy to Use This was easy to use and allows you to view the moon and stars from the ground without any telescopes or binoculars. , and you can watch it from as far as 20 miles away with this, and the image is crisp and clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The first thing I noticed was the battery life was horrible. I use a Macbook Air as my daily driver and it gets around 5-7 hours. This thing lasted only 3 hours at the most, and the only way to get it going again is to plug it in. I'm going to have to invest in an external battery and possibly buy a USB wall charger because I'm now worried about my Macbook charging overnight. The other thing that bothered me was that I don't really have any other way to connect to my iPhone. I have a USB-C cable, but it doesn't work with my Apple TV. I'd love to have a dock that was USB-A so I could have a standard USB-B cable, which would also give me a USB Type-C connection for charging my iPad and other devices. Overall, I don 't think this is worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just got this device, and I am not a big fan of the plastic case, the battery life is bad, and the USB port is not a port, it is more of a USB cable. It's a lot easier to use a micro USB cable to charge it than to plug in a USB port to use it. I hope this company does not release a new model, this one was just not a good buy. I am a bit disappointed in this product as I expected much better from this company. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a good thing, but not the best one. It is small and lightweight, but you should have a better speaker. I would recommend to everyone. I bought a small speaker for it and I'm glad I did. It sounds good, but I can't say the same about the battery life. If you want a small and light device, this is the one. But if you need good sound, a big battery, and a lot of features, look elsewhere. It may be good for your kids, but it's not good for a real home.  Style of Music:  This is a small device, and the speakers are mediocre at best. You will probably find more sound out of a larger device, like a laptop or even a desktop computer.  of Music The only good thing I can say about this is that the battery lasts quite a while, but if you want better sound, look for a different product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for over a year now. it works good, but the battery life is very bad. when it comes to music, i use my ipod/phone for my work and the sony is more than enough for me. if you have an android phone that supports Bluetooth and is cheap, this is the way to go.  Rated 5 out of 5 by TheWifeFromOhio from It works great for my Sony D4 and D810, the battery is the only thing holding me back from giving it 5 stars, I'm really not complaining at all. The sound is very clear.  I have two D4s. I have both paired with this device. I've been using it for the past year and it's still going strong. I'm using it mostly for music but it works great to hear my other ipod and phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone has a small screen and is very hard to use. i bought this because i need a small tablet and i saw this in a local shop but decided not to buy it cause of price. it is very slow, i had to use it twice a day just to read an email. the battery is not very good either. it only lasts about 3 hours of use before needing a charge.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device : The Epson Moverio is an excellent device that will be used for years. It is very quiet and easy to use with great image quality. It also has a built in Wifi. The only thing that I wish it had is a screen that is larger so it will fit my laptop.  a perfect choice for a laptop and tablet: This is my second Epson device. The first is a Mover io Pro 1040c, which I bought a couple of years ago and is still going strong. This is a great addition to my family and the iPad Air is also an excellent choice for reading on. It will fit on my desk and my kids can't get it off of me when I read.  the only downside: The screen is too small. If you need a laptop with a larger screen and you want to buy the Moverios then you are going to be disappointed. The Moveri is a better choice if you want a laptop, or if you need to be able to use both a tablet and a laptop. If I wanted to be using a tablet as well, I would have bought the Pro 1030. The Moveriono has a screen similar to the Pro 3040c and this is one of the better options for an iBook and iPad. The screen size is not the same as the Pro, but it is good for the price. The size is the same or better than the pro 3040. The one downside is that the screen is not as bright as the pro. I use a small monitor for the Pro and I would probably use the Moversiono as well if I needed a large screen. I think I would still prefer the pro but I don't have a larger monitor. I will be buying the Pro if I ever need more screen space, and this was one of my first purchases. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for a while, i had the i3 model, and it did the job but the sound quality was horrible. I switched to the new x5t, and i can say the x5T is much better and has a much better sound quality. The new i3's are also a much larger, thicker, and heavier device, but they sound very good. The problem with the i5, and this new xl3 is that it is very heavy and bulky. i cant wear it on my desk. I have an apple wireless keyboard and mouse, so i cant use the wired keyboard and touchpad. The keyboard is ok, but the touchpad is bad. I like to touch the pad when i type. So i have to use my hands to move the mouse, or touch the screen. This is a terrible thing to have in a computer. I love my MacBook, so I dont want to have to buy a new computer for every year. The battery life is very bad. This thing will not last a full day, and I dont think i ever will. The build quality is horrible, and the only reason i have bought this is because the specs are great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned it about 5 years now, and it still has the same problem, it cant connect to a computer. i can connect my laptop to it, but it will not let me start up my computer. ive tried everything, bought new dvd players, new pc, etc, and still can not get it to work. ives tried the dvd player with my computer and the only way i can get it started is to shut down the computer, plug it back in and restart it, this has worked for a few times. i am getting very frustrated because this is my only computer that works well.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I was a little hesitant to buy this because I thought that the remote was just as bad as the device itself. After I got it, I found out that the "remote" is actually a cheap, poorly built remote. The problem is that it does not respond to the device that it is supposed to be able to respond to. In addition, when I plug in the remote, I have to wait a few seconds for it to start working. The only good thing about this is that the app is really good, but you can't get into the remote.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - this is the first time I am going to buy from a Chinese manufacturer. I got this to use for a special event and was very impressed with it. However, the quality of the material is very poor. I wish the device could be made of the same quality as the other cheap Chinese products I have bought. I can't believe they are charging a high price for such a poor product. It is so hard to connect to my PC, which I use to download movies. I don't know what the problem is but it is so annoying. It takes forever to download a movie, even though I am in the U.S.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I am very happy I bought this device to replace my old laptop. I have been searching for a good computer monitor. This one is perfect. I am using it as my main monitor. The picture is very good. I recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It has been two months since I got this phone. I got the 5.0 version of the phone, which is better than the 4.5 version, and I have been happy with it. However, I have a complaint. The screen goes dark when you press the volume up button. The light comes on and turns off as soon as you press it. I would not be upset if it came with a solution, but I have to ask for an update to this phone to fix the problem.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year. it's good, but the usb port sucks. the charger is horrible. i dont understand how it works with the usb. and the charger doesnt charge at all. this is a good device, but it's the worst thing ive ever bought.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a special occasion to celebrate my birthday (21).  It was very difficult to use with a phone charger, especially when I didn't have the right one.  The phone didn't charge, the screen wouldn't turn on, and the battery drained to zero in under 3 hours.  What's wrong with it:    I'd rather not pay $100+ for a $29.99 device.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I'm in the process of switching to a different wireless headset for work, but this headset is NOT my new favorite. First off, the wires are very short and not flexible enough to be useful, and there is no volume adjustment. I like the sound quality of the older models, but I'm disappointed that this headset can't do anything that it doesn't already do better. I have to constantly look down at the device when I'm trying to get work done, which is a major pain, especially when I don't have a good phone in my pocket. So overall, I'm not happy with this product. I'm looking for a better solution.  Product Review: Speakers- The Audio-Technica ATH-M50x is a very good speakerphone for the money. It sounds great with very little distortion and sound is clear. I bought the 5.1 surround sound version which is very impressive. I would recommend this to any audiophile. .  I have been using the same Audio-technica headset for a couple of years now. I can tell you that I have not experienced any problems with the ear pads falling off. I also have the headset with the microphone built in. The headset comes with a 3 year warranty. The microphone has a little noise and I don' t think the speaker quality is that great. It would be great if the speaker volume could be adjusted, but it's a small issue for me. I also purchased a pair of the Audio-Tech headphones to go with my headset. The headphones do not have the same great sound quality as the headset. However, they are great for listening to music and are very comfortable. They are a bit on the smaller side and are definitely more comfortable than the headphone. Overall, I highly recommend buying the headphones with the headset, but if you don't want to buy the headset you can use the headphones. The headsets come with a nice carrying case to keep them in. Overall this is a great headset at a great price. Bought this headset to replace my old Sony MDR-7506. My old Sony had a really weak sound and these have a great sound. I will definitely purchase a second pair of headphones. I was also using a Sennheiser HD650 for the better sound. The audio quality is just amazing. Purchased a pair for my husband. He is a audiophile and said he would not want to listen to music
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***********  If you want a device that can be used to store and play music, then this is it. However, the device does not play music (I use my own music library, and this device cannot play my music). There is no way to play a CD-R or DVD-R, so there is no sound. It does not have an SD card slot, so it cannot read your digital media. It has a built-in microphone, but there is not a built in headphone jack. It also has a screen which will display a message (like "Your phone is running low on battery") when it is not in use, and another message (when it is in use) when it says it is low on batteries. The buttons are very small, and difficult to use. The power button is hard to hit. You will need to hold down the power button for 5-10 seconds, and then press the volume up button. This is not the best. The best thing about this device is that it will save your personal data to the cloud, so you can access your music, photos, and contacts from your phone.  By David A. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to replace my electronic devices because the battery in the old one would not hold a charge. The new battery did not hold up. I am still waiting for a replacement. The original one worked great but I wanted the new one. I paid $200 for it. I was not able to get one in the mail for three weeks. I think it is the new ones that are the problem. They do not last very long. I used a new electronic device for a month and I have a new one and a new battery on the way. Posted by Darlene at 7:55 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm not sure what went wrong but I have an iPod Nano and it does not boot after i update the firmware. The iPod is now in the repair shop and i can't get it to work. If you can, get the older model.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, September 12, 2012  Not a fan of the product  by Jeff from Pahrump NV USA  Pros: Compact  Cons: Very expensive  Review: Good for the size and portability. I don't use it much. I find it difficult to use the controls. It would be nice if it was smaller. I do like the iPod connector. It allows for easy connection of a small MP3 player. .  in  Did you find this review helpful? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is horrible and you cant hear the speaker on my TV. I would not recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** This product is terrible. It has a terrible battery life and is slow to charge. When it runs out of battery it dies within a few minutes. The screen is very difficult to read. I bought it because it was a cheaper option and it was good but the battery life is so bad and the slow charging is so poor I could only use it when I was away from home. I would not recommend this product at all. If you are looking for a cheap device for your kids to play with it is fine but if you want a great device and a good battery then look elsewhere.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great deal for the price! The new i-Pod Touch is a great value for the money. I've been using my iphone and iphones for years now and my ipod touch has been a real game changer for me. The quality is good and it charges fast, has the best screen out of any iphon. If I could give it a 10 stars I would, but it's 5 because I wish it had a headphone jack like the iPod classic. Other than that great product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as an alarm clock. The device is nice and the battery lasts for about 10 days. It is very loud and the only issue is that the button that goes to the alarm doesn't work. The battery also died after about 3 days of constant use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is an old-style cassette recorder with a large speaker and not much else. It sounds good, but there is no EQ and no way to adjust the balance of the tape. I don't understand why the old-school guys in the band don't just use a computer to record their music, or at least a better quality machine. I bought a used Yamaha RY-2 and am going to try it soon. But my old cassettes will never be the same again!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 06, 2011  Works as Advertised  by Mike from Los Angeles CA USA  Pros: Compact size  Cons: No built-in speakers, but it does come with a 3.5mm audio jack  Review: The sound is good, with no distortion or other noise. You will need a 3 or 5 inch cable to get a good signal from it. This is the second I have used this type of device. The first one I got broke within a month of me using it. I have tried several brands in the past, and this is my favorite.  I was very surprised to find a "built-in" speaker in this device. It does not need an external amplifier to be effective. .  (I also have a Yamaha YCR-4CD, which is more powerful and has a built-into CD player.)  If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. I will try to answer all of them! .   Was This Review Helpfulto you? YES ( 1 ) | NO ( 0 )  Great Product  By Daniel from North Hollywood CA USA. on 12/14/2011  Product: Marutnana  Service: Rental Mic I was a little skeptical to get one of these, but I was wrong. It has great sound, and is great for use with a computer or a computer/tablet with a good quality stereo jack. The only thing is, there's no speaker. I asked for it to be fixed, but the service was slow.  I think they need to make this product more accessible. It's hard to find the right type of plugs for it. If you don't have a computer, you could try the YCR2. ,,,,  ,,,,,,  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: Good Sound
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this phone for almost 3 years now and it still doesnt work well at all...and theres no good way to get a replacement for the dead battery and still doesnt have a new one... i am so fed up with this device, i was able to order a new phone from apple but they charged me $99...its like i cant even get a good one anymore
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device for about 6 months now and i am still in the process of trying to replace it because it just doesnt work well at all and it isnt compatible with my computer. theres no way to change the memory type to dsram because i dont have a computer with that type of memory. it seems to be very old and unreliable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony E6500 and bought a refurbished one from a local shop.  The screen has very good brightness and colour balance, but the build quality is very poor.   It's not a hard phone to crack, as I've cracked it on both sides and the case itself.    It also uses the same battery as the E5500.  The good:    The screen is bright and vibrant, and the speakers are decent.  The build quality isn't bad, and I haven't had any issues with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* This is the second time I have bought this. The first one had a terrible quality sound, which made it useless. I was a little upset, but then found the second one. I have a small office and I was looking for a small device to hold a computer keyboard. I like this because it does not have the sound quality problem. It works great. I am very pleased with this purchase. I recommend this product to my friends.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________  We received a replacement for the faulty device in the mail and had no problem. We're happy with our choice of product.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, January 29, 2016  good but....  by: Anonymous Person from Las Vegas NV USA  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: None  Review: We bought these to replace a dead computer that had a few issues. I had them installed in my desktop and had a problem with the mouse but they fixed it with a new mouse. The new mouse works perfectly and I haven't had any problems with them. The price was a little high but it was a nice buy. . -D. from Colorado Springs CO USA.  a very good mouse for the price  The product is very good but the delivery was not so.  at our house the product was delivered late and we were not allowed to pick up our product in the delivery truck. After the driver of the delivery car told us that we will be paying for the product that was not delivered in time and it will take 1-2 weeks. We asked them to check the warehouse that they were delivering it to and the driver said that he was sure that the product will be delivered. We were in a hurry to get it to our office. We finally got the product and was very disappointed. The product was not what we expected. It was a good mouse but we will not buy it again.  the mouse is ok but the shipping took 2-3 weeks which is too long  I bought this to replace the dead mouse but I am not impressed with it. 'sight to install'  was the best and most affordable  Good product. Would buy again  Excellent  This is a very fine mouse and the price is great. I would buy again. I was skeptical about the mouse itself. I used it in a Macbook Pro that has the older mice. The mouse is very smooth and is very responsive. The only problem is that I am finding that it is a little too much to press to the left or right on the keyboard for my liking. That's why I bought the second one. I use this mouse primarily on my desktop but it is also useful on my notebook and even on my phone. The sensitivity is great and the mouse works well on any computer. ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had the iphone 4s for a month and I have to say that I am very disappointed.  I have had this phone for a few weeks now and I was looking forward to the improved camera.  The camera is horrible,  the quality of the photos is bad and the videos are choppy.   I am a new parent and I had to buy this phone to take pictures of my son who was 2 months old.  It was so difficult to take good pictures.  They are so choppy in the video.  This is the worst phone  I ever had.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Very poor. The sound is very weak and very muffled. The phone is not waterproof at all and it has no internal battery at all. The case for it has holes in the side and it is very difficult to turn it on and off. If you don't use it very often and want to keep it for a rainy day I wouldn't recommend this device. I gave it a 4 star rating because I do like the design. The company makes a good product, but not this one.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It was the first time that I bought a new device, I bought the Samsung galaxy SIII with the 3g and I have to say the battery life is just the worst!!! I use it for almost 5 hours a day. It has a great camera but the battery is just not enough and it lasts so short it is impossible to have a good time with this device. It was just too slow for me. I really hope this one works for me so that I can buy a better one in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ _________ _____________ This thing is a joke, no batteries, not very bright, and not very useful at all. The batteries that come with it don't last very long at all, and you have to plug it in every once in a while to recharge. This thing should be dead. The only reason I bought it is because the instructions say it can be used to control my lawn mower, but that's not what it is for. This is only for controlling your television. There are no other functions. It's not a good value for money.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very useful and easy to use The item is simple and useful. The battery life lasts for more than 2 years. I use it for a remote control on my tv. I would have liked a button for volume but that can be done with a switch. The remote can be a bit annoying because of the buttons but it is very simple and works very well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a great product but there are so many issues that I can't be honest about this product. When I purchased the item I was expecting the worst. I have used this product in the past and was very happy with it. However, after using it for about a month I noticed that the power LED lights up while the device is not plugged in. Then I noticed it would not turn off when the device was off. Then when I would turn on the power it would keep on turning on and the power light would go on. I did not know this was an issue until after I returned the product. The LED lights come on when the battery is charging. So I thought this was normal but the light on the device still keeps on turning off and on. Now I'm not even sure if it's the battery or the device that is bad. I returned this product and am waiting for a refund. --------------- I bought this as an accessory to my iPad 2. I've used the unit on my iPad 1 and I've been very happy. The power indicator LED light on my tablet is bright, but not blinding and I have no problems charging it. The iPad's battery is still good after a month of use. However the iPad 2 is a little heavier and bulkier so I prefer the smaller device. However I don't mind the size at all because the device has great battery life. I highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to use the iPad as a remote control.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jaydoo from great little device for my iPad! I bought the apple remote and used it on my apple tv remote. The remote is very good. It is a good size and a very well made product. It's a great way to use my apple remote without using a usb cable. It has a lot of features and is simple to use.  the only con is the batteries only last about a day with normal usage.  of course I have not had it long enough to be able to test all of its features. I will definitely purchase again. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- It took me two years to get a decent phone. The first time I got it I was very happy but after about a month it stopped working. I sent it in to get fixed but the customer service reps said the issue was a defective part. They said the part is part number 3N1416. I paid for it to get replaced but when it arrived it had no replacement part number and I had to get it shipped back to the dealer. This was the 2nd time they have messed up and failed to replace a part in a couple of years. The third time I called I was told it was a simple problem. I have never had a problem with Apple in the 2 years I have owned my phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It's a very bad product! I have been using this for years, but it has not gotten any better! The speaker is not very strong and it's hard to hear. I have used the earbuds to talk to my kids when they're out, but they are so hard to get in and out of that it's impossible to talk on them. This is a very poor product. I will not buy this again. I wish I had just used a regular earbud, but this is just a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  keyboard is horrible.  It is not easy to use, and if you don't know how to use it, it will make your life a living hell.  Keyboards are a dime a dozen.   The   keyboard is so hard to type on.    I am typing on my    laptop   on my table. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit is so sensitive to vibration that it is unusable. It's also too easy to be tripped on the ground. I have a bad back, and when I sit on a chair or on a hard floor, it just bounces all over the place. I'd never recommend this product. I'm going to send it back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the Apple Magic Trackpad 2.    When i bought this item I was a bit sceptical, however when i had the chance to use it i was blown away.  This thing is just so responsive and accurate,  the buttons and gestures are all so precise.  The trackpad is perfect for your fingertips,  it is a nice size, and is a lot more comfortable to hold and use than the original trackpad which i owned for a long time.  I am so happy i bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this device to replace my old Apple TV. The problem is the video quality is terrible. The sound is also horrible. I'm not sure how this works. It's a good device but I would not recommend buying it. I also found the remote to be extremely hard to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i have this device and it is great, the sound quality is good, and the quality of the sound is very good, however, the device is not very user friendly, the micro SD card is too small, it is very difficult to change the song, the camera is very slow and the screen is very tiny and hard to see. I would like to have the battery life of the device to be longer, but I also want to be able to change songs and camera settings. Also, i have the camera on my computer and i cannot see the screen. It would be nice if the micro sd card would come with a lanyard so i could easily use it on the computer without having to take the device off the charger. I wish the device would have a battery case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************  After installing my iPhone 6s and then connecting it to my computer for the first time, I was very surprised at how sluggish and sluggish the screen was. The screen was black and the colors were so garish that I couldn't see it at all. I was also expecting a lot better performance from a device that costs around $700. It's not a bad phone but the screen is simply unacceptable.  ----------------------------------------------------------  10 Excellent, fast and reliable  Posted by - 28th October 2015   This is the best way to buy iPhone 6S, and I have no complaints about this product at all, all things considered, and the price was very good too! The seller is very good at responding to any questions I might have. Thanks!  Thank you!  is very fast  I bought the phone for my daughter who is a big fan of iPhone. She is a student and she likes the 6S a lot and she bought it for her birthday, it was the best gift ever! I bought the iPhone 6 Plus, I really like it, I got the 256gb but I'm only a little bit disappointed because the screen size is smaller than the 6 Plus.  the phone comes with a SIM card already, so you don't have to worry about the phone running out of space when you use a sim card. I can't wait to use my iPhone on the road! It's been a very good purchase.  is fast . I love the speed of the delivery and the service I received was very nice. The phone came fast with no problems, the seller did a good job explaining everything and the seller was fast to respond to any question I had. I have a very big phone, and this is perfect. I'm very happy with my purchase and would recommend this seller to anyone. .  was very easy to purchase and was quick to respond. I would definitely recommend this shop. Thank you for the quick and efficient service! , great deal. - This was my first purchase through your site and I was delighted with my phone and its price. It came in great condition and the customer service was great!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for about a year now. I love it, but i was really excited about it until it started to fail. the only thing i would change is if it came with a case, otherwise its still a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- 1st time I've ever been disappointed in a purchase! Not a good experience at all. I paid $80 dollars for a set of speakers and they sound like they are in the kitchen, not the bedroom. The audio is muffled and weak and the sound is muddy and muddy. I tried the replacement speaker set, it also sounds like it is in the bedroom, but the sound quality is better. I'm giving the unit a 1 star, I've been looking for a good quality set of stereo speakers and these did not live up to my expectations. I will never purchase this product again!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It is not worth it!!! It's very very bad! I had to return it in about 2 months. The screen had no color and it was not working.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JL from Excellent product and price We are very happy with our purchase of this device. We have had it for a few months and it is working very well. The price is great for this device and the product is great. I will recommend this to others  The customer service was also great. The return and replacement was very prompt. I would recommend this product.  the best!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit to use with my iphone 5c but when I got the unit it had a lot of problems. The sound was not good. There was no way I was using it with my 5c. When I plugged the 5c into the unit I was not able to change songs on my ivory. I tried it with the bluetooth speaker but I could not get it to work. So I returned it. I am not sure if this is a common issue with these models or just mine but I will not be purchasing another one from Apple. The unit does not work with the 5C.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It has to be the most frustrating thing ever. I purchased the wireless charger and it works great for charging the phone but it doesn't charge my tablet. I have to use the old charger to charge the tablet because it can't charge the phone. I've had the tablet for a few weeks and the wireless is still not working properly.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, April 03, 2015  by Patrick from Chicago IL USA  Review: I am very satisfied with this product, it is exactly what I needed.  (Posted on 5/30/14)  Great product  By A Customer from Bakersfield CA USA  and great quality!  Thank you for providing such a great product! (Posted by A Customer on 4/30)  the best charger ever  I bought a new tablet from walmart. It had no issue charging my tablet with the charger. (Posted By A Customer - Walmart Customer Service on 4/?) 'sheets are too large, so I've never really bought a smart charger.'  The tablet works just fine and doesn't seem to need a charger. It is nice to have a wireless charger so I don't have to plug my tablet into the wall. ( Posted by A customer on 4?/? )  Wired Charger  Works as advertised. . (By a Customer on 3/? ) I bought this charger and I must say it is the best I have ever seen. I don`t need a wall plug anymore. I bought it because I wanted a wireless tablet charger and the charger was not sold in my country. I love it. It also does the job well. ( By a Customer - Amazon Customer Service - on 3?/? - ) I purchased this charger today and it is great. Works as advertised and the only complaint I have is the cables that are so long and the pictures don` t show how long they are. (Was this review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device for over a year now. i bought it to replace my older apple tv. i use the tv as a media player, but the new tv can't play my tv shows or movies. i can watch my videos, however, it still has problems. one of my movies that i bought for my kids on blu ray had to be converted to video. theres a difference between how the tv handles movies and the tv can play movies. and theres even a difference in how the movies are being played. it seems to be very hard to get a movie to play on the newtv. i have to watch the movie twice to get it to play, but when i watched the first movie, it worked fine, and when i got the second one, the first one did not play, so i had to redo the second movie twice. the newtoy also is not very bright, so even though it is a very small screen, it makes you look like you are watching a black screen. the other problem is the audio. my wife and i have been looking for a good stereo that wont give us the same sound as our tv, and this isnt it. it does a lot better than the tv. it sounds like you have a big stereo system in your house, but with a tv, its kind of a joke. the only thing i can say about the tv is its not very good. it is really expensive and i cant imagine why someone would spend so much money on something that cant do what they want it to do.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: tk-video
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and i have no idea why this isnt rated much higher, i use it on my ipod touch, it's amazing, but the battery dies after a couple of days and its not a very good battery. ive replaced it with a samsung 10.1, which is far better and lasts forever. i really wish i knew about this before i bought it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device works ok but there is a chance of the battery leaking. Also the battery door does not stay closed and it was impossible to open with one hand. I have used it for a few days now and no leakage has been found. Product was purchased for my husband. He is using it for his business.  He has to be outside for an hour at a time and the device works well for him.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I purchased this device for my wife to use in the home, since she was unable to get a good fit in a computer monitor. This unit has an odd feel to it when I get it on my computer. It's really hard to adjust the height of the screen to make it more comfortable to look at. I'm not sure why it feels so odd, it's not like this unit has any bad features. The main drawback is the inability to adjust this unit to fit different monitor sizes. Overall, it works for what I needed, but the device just doesn't feel right.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first electronic device.  It is the first piece of technology that I had to be told to do something.   I tried to get it to do things and it did not work.    It took a week of use to get the device to work properly.  There are two problems with the device.   1)  You have to plug the power cord in backwards.  2)    The buttons on the device are hard to press.  I have had many devices in my life and this one is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this to replace my wireless router and was disappointed. The sound was awful. I had to switch to my desktop and the quality of sound was horrendous. It was as if I was at a high school prom. I was going to give it 5 stars but the sound is awful and the setup is not very easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 2 of these and both have died, after a couple weeks of using it, one of them was on the verge of dying and i went out and bought a new one that is almost as good, now both of them are dead, the new one is about $70 and the old one is $100, both are brand new. the new battery i have is about a year old and the one that died is over 4 years old. i am going to buy another new one and hopefully it will last me a few more years.   I can't say much about the phone itself. It's just okay. I've had the phone for a couple of weeks now and have used it pretty much every day for the past week. I just wanted to say that I've used it quite a bit and it has had no problems, the battery is fine and it's pretty easy to use. I'll be buying a case for it to keep it protected.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Samsung S4 and a HTC One.  They both have been horrible.    The S4 is horrible. The phone can't even connect to the computer.  It will connect to my laptop and it will be stuck.  I had to use a USB cord to connect it to my computer. The S5 has a lot more battery life.  They both can connect to computers but they are terrible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for over a year and the screen is extremely unimpressive. I dont understand why it has such a high res and then is only average.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ds2 for about 3 months now. ive owned and used several electronic devices in my life but ds1 is the worst ive ever used. its too big, takes up a ton of space, and the buttons are hard to hit. if you want a nice device but want something smaller than the samsung s7 then get the d s3. ive also used the dt which is just as nice and small but ive never had any issues with it. ve had no issues with this one. if you are looking for a nice little compact ds device then get this one ive got it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over a year now and the screen is just a waste of space. I can't see a single one of my contacts on this screen. I would rather spend my time using the computer. It's a waste to have a display that will never be used.   If you're going to buy this product, buy the bigger version. I know it's a big price, but the display is only for fun.   and the battery life is terrible...   Overall: iphone 5 screen  (Verified Buyer)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought the sony a6000 and love it ive been using it since the day it arrived it was my first purchase from a companys and im not happy with the sound quality its really hard to get a good sound out of the a6000 its hard to hear the music and there is no way to get better sound from it and its only got one stereo jack it really isnt that much better than my ipod 4's ive had since 2009 and im really bummed ive spent so much money ive always been happy with my iopod 4's
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I love this computer. It's awesome! But when I first got it, the screen started to show "spikes". I turned it off and it was fine. I've had it for about a year and it works just fine.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Binky from Love my new laptop I've used Macs for the last 15 years or so and this computer is a good buy. I love the new keyboard and touchpad. My only issue is that I wish the battery life would last a bit longer. I'm getting about 5 hours out of a charge but I wish it would last longer. But it is great value for the price.  a great buy i bought this laptop for my son who is getting into computers  Great Value for the Price. I bought this as a replacement for my old MacBook Pro. It performs very well and is very fast. The keyboard is easy to use and the touchpad works very well. I do have one criticism. It is not as easy to open as I would like. I have to hold down the power button and then it will slide open.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- Great price, but not a good device. I purchased this product on an impulse. The first thing that came out was a very strong electrical shock to my arm. The second thing was the fact that the sound from the device is so loud that I have to wear earplugs. It's a very loud device, but it doesn't make a good sound for its size. The design is very simple, and I don't see how this device could have been designed better.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a few samsung phones and the s5 has been a disappointment to me so far, even after upgrading from the s4 and getting the premium version, the only good thing about this phone is that its a great screen, but there is not much else. the camera is horrible and the phone is very heavy and has very little battery life. i would not recommend this phone at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for over a year now and I'm not sure if I can even rate it. I purchased this device and was thrilled when I received it. The device is very powerful and is very easy to use. The first thing I noticed is that it's a lot bigger than it looks. When I first plugged it in it took a few tries to figure out how to use the controls. I also found it to be extremely loud. I couldn't hear my music over it. Once I figured it out, I was a fan of it. Also, it's very loud, and it's really hard to adjust the volume to the levels that I need. The only reason I'm giving this a 3 is because the battery life is terrible. I have to charge it about every three days, and I've been through two batteries in two months. Also I was hoping the battery would last longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the XO for Christmas. I used it on my computer and I was really disappointed. I would not recommend this product.  It did not work well and the battery life was horrible.  It took 2 days to charge the battery.  The USB cable was the same as the Apple product but for $15 it's hard to complain about a decent price.  I will probably purchase a USB stick for my computer but not for a cheap electronic device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you are a professional gamer who spends hours and hours in front of the computer screen and need a good headset to make your gaming experience comfortable and to get good audio and the best in a great price, then you must have the Turtle Beach XO One. I've tried many gaming headsets and this one has everything you could want and need. I am very satisfied with this product.   Did you find this helpful? 9 of 10 Found Helpful  Andrew  5  Reviewed by:from Long Island, NY. on 3/17/2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product is nice but the user manual is not!   If the instructions were in the manual I would have been able to figure out how to use it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great device, but the charging case is a joke. It is so hard to remove the charger from the battery compartment that it makes me feel like I'm in a science fiction movie, trying to figure out how to get the charger out. The power button is extremely weak, and the power button does not have a lock/unlock feature, so you have to press the power to turn it on/off. The USB plug is a cheap plastic plug. I have to use my cable management system to get to the back of the computer and plug the charger into a USB port. So the battery life on this is a big problem. 4.5 stars:    I'm not an electrical engineer, but I'm not a computer technician either. This is a terrible purchase. I bought this as an extra battery for my new iMac, but when I got it, it was a dead unit. The battery had been fried. So I had to spend the next day replacing it.  The problem is that the charger is so stiff and bulky. It takes more force than you think to open it. Also the USB cable is extremely long. I had been using it for a month or so, and I could only get it about halfway around the house.  Read the whole review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a new computer about a year ago. I had bought a used laptop before and it was fine, but this is much worse than a used one. The screen was too small to use and the computer crashed twice. The computer was very noisy and hot. It was only $500 and I don't want to spend that much on a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************************  I bought this device for my kids for Christmas. The device works as intended, however there is a major flaw. The screen is a piece of junk. The picture is not even a good picture. It looks like you're looking at a picture of a computer monitor. It also looks like the screen is being washed constantly. I would recommend purchasing a different brand. This is a very expensive toy and I'm not happy.  Customer Reviews for The Bamboo Smart TV   5/5 Great tv for the money! Very bright, easy to use, and a great value. Very pleased!  5 /5 The best tv on the market. This tv is awesome! It has a beautiful picture, great sound, and comes with everything you need for your tv. It's a good buy.  a great tv for a great price i had been looking for a TV with a good quality screen and this is perfect for the price. i have had it for almost 3 weeks and i have nothing but good things to say about this tv. the sound is amazing and it works perfect. I love it and would recommend it to anyone  2/5 I have had my tv for about two weeks now and it is working well. The sound is good. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I have no clue why the picture looks so bad. I have tried a lot of stuff on the internet and nothing seems to fix it. Maybe I just need to get a new TV. .  the picture on this TV is horrible I love this tv and am having a hard time with the picture. the picture is a little blurry. I'm trying to figure out what it is. I also get the red tint when the screen lights up. This would not be a big deal if it wasn't for the picture and sound. I just want to keep this tv so that I can watch tv's on my tv.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I purchased this device to replace my old CRT. I used this to play some old games from the 90s. The problem is the picture quality is terrible. I can't get good quality video of my TV. The sound is OK. It does have the old style joystick which is a good thing, but it's still horrible. It's not my favorite gaming device. I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a month and its been a total bust. it doesn't work, the usb cord wont work, and the wifi isnt that good. i can connect to wifi from other devices but not from my computer so the connection is really poor. i have a cheapo pc that has a wifi card, but i still think this would be a good phone for the money. i would have been much better off with a macbook pro that had better specs. i bought this to play some games on my laptop, but now i am not sure i want to use it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! this is a piece of junk!!! you pay $150 for a decent looking computer and you get a piece the junk they used to call "windows" and they use a crappy touch pad with no backlight, and they also have a keyboard with a weird shape.!!! i dont want to buy a brand new computer to try it out but if they keep this crap they are going to sell a ton of units to people that need it but wont get it.!!!! i would not recommend this to anyone!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst devices I have ever purchased. I bought this for my wife, who is very picky about the devices she uses. She loves her smart TV, but this one did not work properly and was slow. I was very disappointed. The sound quality was horrible. I thought it would be much better than this. It was horrible to watch a movie and have the sound be muffled. It made the movie sound like a recording. Also, it was hard to see the buttons. The device itself was small and not very powerful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************** This is my first and only experience with the Bose noise canceling. I've been looking for this device for a while. I don't know what all the buzz is about, but I'm sure I'm going to like it. This thing is not loud. When I put this on it sounds like the power is being cut off from the AC, but that's not really a problem. I'm assuming there is a volume control, but it's not a big deal to have that on the other side. I put it on the back of the stereo and the speaker. I have the 3 speaker system on the car so I can hear what is going on in my car without the radio on. The noise cancelling is nice to have if I can use it to my benefit. I can't see myself using it for long term though. The speakers are too far away. I would buy it again if I had to use it for the long term.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ The worst thing about the unit is that it's really big and bulky. I like my devices to be small and easy to take with me. The screen is so small it's hard to use it. The battery life sucks. The phone calls and video calls on my iPhone suck. It's a great phone if you are looking for a good camera or good video. But if you're looking for your phone to be a tablet that you can use at work or just use for fun you're not going to get much of a use out of this thing.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is not worth it, unless you are the person who wants to be a music producer. I bought this for my son for Christmas and it is a waste of money. It has no controls and the buttons and buttons are all the same. My son has a 3 year old and it does not work at all. I will be giving this away as a gift to someone else and I am sorry to say that I will not be purchasing any more of this product.   PROS:  Good for kids  Great for Christmas gifts   CONS: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ _________ _______________ ___________ _____________  I have a Sony Vaio Pro 13 with the Wacom digitizer. I have used the device for a couple of months, but it's a real pain to use. I'm trying to get the software to work, and the pen stylus is just too awkward to hold. The pen styli are not interchangeable with the pen, so I have to get another pen if I want a different pen. I really wish they would make this a tablet, so there's no need to buy the digitizers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a month and it has already failed. it does not take a long time to charge but the sound is very weak, it's not very loud. i bought a new one because i heard a lot of bad things about this one and the sound was horrible. its a very good product but a great price. the one i bought lasted about 4 months.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jmcd from Bought 2 of these and both were dead after 2 months. I bought two of these in January for my husband's car. He is a big fan of these, and we thought they would last a while. They do last a bit longer, but it is very hard to get the batteries to last that long. They are the worst cheap phone chargers I have ever seen. The phone charger seems to only hold the batteries in so long as the phone is plugged in. Once it is removed the batteries are ruined.  (I have 2 of them, one for my iPhone 6, and one for an Android. Both lasted less than 2 months.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now and it's the same old battery problems. I purchased this to replace my broken phone and it was supposed to last for years, but it isnt. My phone battery is now at 1/2.  I can't believe I spent my money on this stupid thing. The only thing that makes it good is the voice activated. Ive tried to use it for over 3 years now and its just so slow, I have to use my old phone to make calls. I can hear the voice activation but its so slow I cant get through it. I really hope they do a software update soon.  in addition to this, the phone doesn't even hold a charge for the day. I've had mine for about 3 years and have to charge it everyday. I hope I have a defective phone.  the only good thing is that the speaker is loud but there is no echo, just a tinny sound. the sound is very weak and barely audible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________  This is a bad product for the price and I'm not sure if I should have waited a bit longer to buy it or not. The first time I used it the batteries were almost dead so I replaced them. The next time I was just getting a bit into using it I got the first two words of the book I wanted to read. I put the book on the e-reader and the screen went dark and the eReader wouldn't respond. I tried the screen again and it worked fine. After that I had to call the support and they sent me a new one and said it should be fine in another 2 weeks. It seems like the batteries have been dead for a while and I have no idea why it wouldn't turn on. The screen will not work with any of the other books that I have, but I will stick with it for the time being.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have had this unit for several months and have had the same issues. The buttons don't work when I try to use them, the device freezes on the home screen, and there are several times I've had to re-download a program just to get a video or song playing. Also, the screen goes blank every time it goes on for a few seconds, but the device does not seem to go into sleep mode. I don't even have a charger for it, and even if I did, the battery life is not very long. There's a good feature on the device, however. It allows you to turn off the display and power off the device by simply shaking it. Unfortunately, I don the unit, so I can't comment on that. I've also had a number of the other reviews where people have mentioned having problems with the device not working and the same thing is true for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device does what I needed it to do. I'm using it to turn my computer into a wireless access point so I can access the internet on my iPad.   I was disappointed in the fact that I had to purchase the Apple cable adapter, which is a two-pronged dongle with the Ethernet jack in the middle. I was hoping to connect to the cable, but that didn't work for me, so I got this. I do not know if it is the product or the cable.   Product Quality & Design:  Solid build quality.  The case is strong and the rubberized back is good for keeping it in place on a table.  I also like the light up buttons, it's really easy to see what's going on.  It's nice to have a simple case with a good look.  There is a great design on the front.  All in all, a good product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------  I was excited to get the X3 to replace my old computer (which was the only one I had). I've had a few computers over the years, but this one is the best of the best. I'm happy with it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - The product is cheap but it's defective and useless. I use this device to record the time and date. I get the date and time of my birthday every year. So when I get a new iPhone, I'll buy an iDock and this will still work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this laptop for about a month now and its the worst laptop i have ever had it sucks in all the ways a computer should. the display is awful and the cpu and graphics are not as good as most of the other laptops out there. the keyboard is the worst i have used as well. the only reason i bought it was because i wanted a new laptop that is cheaper than my other computer, it has a much smaller screen and a much older processor. this laptop will not last more than a year or so and will eventually fall apart. it is just a waste of money. dont buy it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________I purchased this device for my son who was born with a rare medical condition. The device is a great way to monitor his health and the software has worked well for us. I purchased this for him because we did not want to have to keep an eye on him 24/7. The only problem with the device is that when we use it it loses power. It does not come with a charger and has to be charged by a wall outlet. Also the battery life is very short. I would not recommend this product to others.  Great idea. Great device. Only complaint: The batteries are very expensive, but if you have to replace them, it's a bit pricey. _________________________________________________________________________________________________This product is a must for anyone with a baby with rare medical conditions. The battery life on the device lasts for over two weeks and is completely portable. It is very easy to use and works very well. : )  My son and I love it ______________________________________________________________________________________ I bought this because my wife was born at 29 weeks. The delivery room had a monitor and she was hooked up to an IV all night and at the end of the day. We did not have access to a monitor or anything like that. So I bought the MOST portable monitor on the market. It works very good, we have it all day, and we can keep tabs on her. We don't want to keep her up all night. She also doesn't need it during labor, so she can get back to sleep.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to admit that I was disappointed in this purchase. I purchased the 2.0, and I have a large home theater, and have the best speakers I have ever heard. I have never had a problem with them. The problem is that I just bought a new home theater receiver. It was a perfect match for my speakers. I will have to get another set, I would recommend to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The unit arrived in less than a week, but I had it only a couple of days and had to use it for about 5 minutes. I'm a computer professional, and I had to do some troubleshooting with the unit. This is a major problem for a high-tech device like this. I had a problem with the keyboard that made it impossible to type. It's very annoying because of the lack of a mouse. I have the latest version of Windows XP, and the unit had a virus that would not allow it to load. It would only let me use the unit for a couple minutes. The company that sells the unit is not as helpful as they should be. I am very disappointed in the performance of this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 6 months and i've never had one of these devices. its a good device but when it fails it fails spectacularly. i have to constantly replace batteries and chargers. it is a pain to have to get new batteries and charger every few months. i am a computer engineer and i do not want to be dealing with a piece of crap like this. i will not recommend this product to anyone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! i was very excited to get this thing and then found out how cheap it is... not worth it at all. i guess i will stick with my laptop, it works and it has a lot more features than this device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 23, 2009  Best value for money  by A Customer from Wetherby, United Kingdom  Pros: Small, small, small.  (see review above)  Cons: None  Review: This is the best bargain you can buy for an ipod.  and its small enough to keep it with you in your pocket.  on top of that its small, lightweight and light as well.  the screen is large enough for a reading and music app. . , I got this for Christmas. I have no problem with the screen. The only problem I have with this device is the usb port. It is a bit small for me.  to use a usb cable it will be a pain to make sure the usb is in the right position.  in all its a great device. I use it as my iPod for a mobile music player.  that being said I am a bit disappointed in this item. I hope this is the end of the story. :D  I was very satisfied with this purchase  The only problem was that I had to take it apart for the battery to fit in. 'something that I would recommend: If you want a decent sized iPod, this is not the one. It has a little more battery life than a normal iPod, but the screen isn't as bright as the standard iPod, and you have to charge it every couple of days. You can still use it to listen to music, but if you are looking for a great little ipod that will give you the same functionality as a normal ipod, this isn't it. I've been very pleased with it.  or if you don't want to spend the money you can get a 32gb version for around £20. It's a bit smaller than the standard version, but a little bit bigger than a 32mp ipod  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  of  Erica from Indiana, United States  1  Reviewed by:from Indiana,United States
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for almost two years now. i have had a few issues with the device, the first time i had it, i had to return it for a replacement. after that it never worked. then i had a problem with the usb port and it didn't work at all. then one day i just thought it was broken. i had my wife take it apart to see what was wrong and to no avail. i called my cell phone company and they told me to bring it in. when i got there it wasn't working. i was just too disappointed in this device. i got it repaired for $50 which was well worth the hassle. i'm not sure what happened with the cable. if i hadn't bought this device, i would have never heard about the problems. i'd give it a 5 star but it is a bit over priced and i just wish it worked better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 years now and it gets really old after only about a month of use. It's a cheap device but if you have a crappy phone or a bad tablet, it will be a good device to use.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________________________  It's okay, but not the best: This is a good product. It has an adjustable switch to adjust the brightness and it's very easy to use. However, it's not really that bright and doesn't have the same range as my Samsung Galaxy Note 3. _____________________________________________________________________  Works well: I like the range of brightness this gives me, and the adjustable switch helps to keep the light level consistent. I use it mostly on my computer, as the light is very bright and the switch works well.   Nice Product: Works well and the light it gives is very nice.  ____________________________________________________________________  Good Product: This product is a must have for me. It is very easy and easy to set the brightness, and very handy to have when my wife is away from the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the wireless speaker system and it was extremely loud, and a little annoying when you play it outside. It has no sound at all and no ability to adjust the volume. It's very disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have a great deal of respect for the brand. This thing is a piece of junk. I have tried all the cables, all the different chargers, and all the various power sources and they all work perfectly for me, but it's not like you can't get any other brand of charging station. It's a shame that it took so long for Apple to realize that the power supply needed a major overhaul. I'd gladly pay the extra money for a better charger, but for the $400 that I spent on this unit, it's just a piece the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* I have to say, I've had this device for a couple of weeks and have had problems with it. It's not bad, but it's definitely not great. First of all, the battery life is terrible. The battery life on my phone is really good, but on this thing it barely last a few days and then it dies. Second, the volume control is really finicky. The thing has a tiny button on the front and when I try to adjust the volume, it goes all the way up and when it's lowered, it's way back. I get the sense that the button is made out of plastic because it has a tendency to vibrate when you press it. And the camera is terrible, if you need a camera to take pictures, you should look somewhere else. If you're a person who likes the way phones are designed now, I'm sorry, but this is not for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a waste of time. It doesn't even work as an iPod or a cell phone. It is an mp3 player with the iPod interface and the touch screen. It has a very low power output and the battery life is terrible. It will last for about a day if you leave it plugged in but you have to keep an eye on it. I've been using it to listen to my CD's on my car stereo and it works just fine but I have no idea why Apple didn't make a better mp3/audio player with a touch screen and better battery life. It's a really big disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned it for 3 months and have had problems with it ive gotten my first problem with my new bluetooth speaker, and the last one that i bought had the same problem, it would not play music out of the bluetooth speakers, it played but would not get out of sleep mode. i have to play my music through my laptop, but i think the bluematt would be better than that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This item is great! I had a problem with my Samsung Note 3, so I bought this one to replace it. I did have a few problems, but I fixed them by using a different case and an external battery (the Note 3 didn't have an external one) but other than that, it's great. The phone is very slim, and has great battery life. The screen is very bright, and the phone is just about perfect. It's also really lightweight. The camera quality is very good, but there are some problems with it. The photos taken on the Note 3 are not as good as on this phone. However, this phone does the job. I'd definitely recommend it. --------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst  devices I've ever owned. I've been using it for a month now and I can honestly say it's the WORST thing I've EVER bought. I bought it thinking it was an  e-reader, but it's more like a Kindle. It has a few different programs, but no web browser. I was hoping that it would have some web browser or e-book reader because I was thinking about getting a  computer but it didn't do what I wanted. The battery doesn't last very long and I had to plug it in and out more times than I want to admit. The screen is very small and I'm trying to read at night with the lights off, but my eyes hurt after a while and it gets very hot. I'm still hoping for a better battery but this is not a good  device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the new iPad and I have to say, it's not a good tablet.  The screen is not bright and it is hard to read, the keyboard is too small and it does not have a stylus.  I bought the iPad because it's cheaper than my laptop but it's still not as good. I wish Apple would make a tablet with an optical drive, so I can read books without my computer.  It has been a long time since I used an Apple tablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I had this device for a year and it died 2 days ago. It is an easy to use and good looking device. I just wished that there was a way to record a conversation without having to look through the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new phone a month ago and bought a  new iPad for my husband.  The  iPhone is slow, hard to get to the right screen, and doesn't connect to wi-fi like the iPad.    If you need an iPhone, this is not the phone for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is not waterproof, and it doesn't work well with other phones. If you have a waterproof phone that works well with this one, great. If not, it is a bad phone, and I don't recommend it to anyone. The battery is not as good as the Samsung Galaxy S5. Also, this phone is so heavy that you can't carry it around in your pocket like a normal phone. The size is so big that you will have a hard time fitting it in your back pocket, even if you have very small hands. I bought this to replace my old Nokia 710 and have been using it for 2 months, but I haven't found the need to switch to another phone. I'm looking for a different phone. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 21, 2014 This is a good phone for the price. I am on my second one, and have yet to run into any problems. This one is smaller than the S5 but is lighter than the Galaxy S6 and has a better screen. I am going to be purchasing a second one for my daughter as well. She has an iPhone and is loving it! Was This Review Helpfulto you? yes no Monday, June 20, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a month and i would describe it as the same thing as the tv i had before it broke. the only difference is it has a hard case to put it in which i don't have, and the screen is small, not large enough to see the screen. the screen doesnt even display anything. and this thing is still on the back of my tv where it is the easiest to get in and out of. if your going to get this then get it on a different tv. i would recommend getting it off the tv.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Broken, useless, and annoying This thing is a complete failure. I bought this for a replacement tv and it broke within 3 days. The screen is extremely blurry and the TV itself is a bit cheap looking. The battery seems to be good but the only reason i got this was because of the back to back compatibility with my older tv, which has a horrible picture and is hard to get off the screen, as i've tried before. My old tv worked perfectly with my new tv but this one is so far out of line with everything else i own. I've got to say it's a waste of money for this to even work at all, the tv itself is so hard to remove it makes the whole unit unusable. I would never buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am a professional photographer who has a lot of cameras and lenses. I was very impressed by the build quality and the ease of use. The one thing I did not like about it was the remote. I tried it twice but it does not work well with the camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a number of them, some bad. i bought a vtc-i to use with a macbook pro, i have used it for about a month, and it has a really annoying clicking noise. the clicking noise is really loud and really annoying. i also find that the usb ports are so close together that i cant plug in anything without accidentally cutting it. this is a bad product. i don't recommend it to anyone, unless you have a mac. i was really hoping to like this, but it is so annoying that i wont be using it for a while. i think they should get rid of this part of the product. the other problem i have is that the power button is a little hard to find. i have to look at it, and then i have a little trouble finding it again. i know that there are better usb ports, but this is not the best one i have ever used.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Perfect for the price. This is a great buy, I am using it in a Dell Inspiron 1740 with the HDMI port. It is very compact, and I can't get the USB port for my mouse and keyboard to work properly. It has a small LCD display on the top which shows what's on the computer screen. It connects to the computer via a mini-usb cable. I use this for my Windows 8 machine and my Windows 7 machine, and both have worked perfectly. I can easily switch between computers and devices. - If you want a small PC, this is the way to go. - It is a very solid device, not too heavy, and not too light. - The ports are nice and easy to find, and the USB ports are perfect for any computer. A great purchase at a good price!  I purchased this to replace a broken iMac. I bought a new iMac and this unit is a perfect replacement for the broken one. It's a great little unit, and with all the ports available, I don't have to buy more USB hubs. It does take a while to get everything set up but it works perfectly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I purchased this to replace my old Apple Powerbook G4 (I am a heavy PC user and the new Apple is much smaller, lighter and more efficient) but the device does not have a built in battery, and the battery life is horrible. I have only used it about three days, but I am sure I will have to replace it before long. It is very slow and sluggish, and when I try to connect to the Internet it will not start up because the network connection is not up and running. It also doesn't do well in my house with loud and continuous traffic and a bunch of loud fans. It's a shame, but it will be hard to go back to the Apple and I have no choice. I would recommend this device to a friend, but not to purchase it. I'm not sure why Apple has abandoned the Powerbook line but I will be very disappointed if this powerbook fails to last me many more years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard is slow. I had to restart my computer several times to type on it. It is a shame, because it is a great keyboard. I like the size and layout of the keyboard. It would have been nice to have a different type of keys (for example, I have a preference for WASD keys over arrow keys, and I wanted the arrow keys in my left hand). I don't like the layout of my keys, I like my keys to have as many keys as possible. I also like that I can type faster by using this keyboard than by using a normal keyboard, because I can put more words on my screen. If I type on my regular keyboard, I can't get a good typing speed. I have tried many other keyboards and the Apple one is the best. I would definitely buy this keyboard again and again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I have used this product a few times. The first time, I didn't realize that I needed to change the batteries (I just bought them). I was able to get through the day but then, the next day, the battery fell out. It was still connected to the wall but I was afraid to touch it. It has been a few months and I still can't get the battery to come out. When I first bought it, I also thought I had gotten a bad one. I am so glad I purchased this product because it works well and is easy to use. I would recommend this to a friend.  Review of DJ0268-01 Submitted By: Mike - Verified Buyer I love this. I use it at home and at work. I have not been disappointed with any other remote. Great product!  I Love It I have been using the SRS for several years now and have been very happy with the product. It works great. I love that it is rechargeable. It is easy for the beginner to use and it works. .  and I highly recommend this product. :)  great product i use this remote to control my tv's and it is very good. I just got the S RS 2 and it has all the features I was looking for. I've been using this remote for several months now and it does everything I need it to do. The only thing I do not like about it is the way it's packaged. The battery compartment is hard to access when you are trying to use it.  the battery compartment on the remote is on the top and the battery is located on the bottom. The remote is packaged with a small bag of batteries which I don't know why they don't put them in the compartment on top of the remote. I wish the batteries were on the same side as the remote so I could just easily access the battery with a screwdriver. I will probably just get the S Remote 3 and get a larger battery compartment. I also have one of the S Rds which I'm using at work as well. I'm just using this one as my primary remote. The other one I use to control the tv and soundbar at work so I can have both on and it keeps my hands free. I think the extra battery will last for a while.  a few things to note. 1. the remote has a small black battery door which is pretty
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the first time I have ever used the iBasso 3. I like the fact that you can connect it to the TV and it can be controlled with an external controller. The main problem with the iBarbo 3 is that the device is too loud and the remote is too difficult to use. The remote is not too big but still requires a lot of force to operate it. I can't imagine having to use it with the lights on to get the music or to turn off the lights. I have to press the button that is supposed to turn on the lights to turn them off. The battery life is okay but the remote control is really annoying to use in a dark room.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!! I've had this device for 2 weeks now and the battery is only good for an hour or two. I have not yet gotten any kind of a response from the company and I'm pretty sure they don't care at all about their customers. This is the 2nd device I've bought from this company and my last one had a big problem with the charger and I returned it and had to buy a new one. I've read a lot of reviews and have been so disappointed with this product. I'm not a tech but I just want to be able to make a phone call and be able do it without my battery dying on me.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Dan from Great for the price This is a good product. It has a great built in speaker. However the buttons are very hard to press. They are not flush with the buttons, they are a bit flimsy. The battery life is good. The only negative is that the device does not come with a charger. . ,  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     "The device is a bit clunky and difficult to use."  My wife bought this product from another manufacturer for the same purpose as the "Wattpad" that I have been using for years. This one is a little bit bigger than the other and the buttons are all small and hard to hit. We are now switching to the "ROKR" (my wife's favorite) and I think we are going to switch back to the WATTpad in the future.  Great product. My wife loves it. Great design and works great. Would recommend this to everyone. .  the best portable battery charger I've ever used. I use it on a daily basis and love it. , I just bought this charger to charge my iPad Air 2 and it works like a charm. The battery stays charged and does not get to warm or warm up, even when I'm playing my ipad Air 2 for hours. The only complaint I have is the usb port for the battery, which is a tad too big for the USB port on my iPad Pro 12.9. It's very easy to remove but you might have to use a special tool to remove the battery from the back of the charger, as the back does not fit all that well. I just can't wait to buy another one and get this charger on my other ipad, the one I use for my iPad mini 3.  on a positive note, the charger comes with a 2 year warranty. The price is good too. / On a positive side, the unit is quite simple, with only the main buttons (power, and charging) that need to be pressed to turn on the charger. The power light is also very bright. I used the charger for a while now and the battery is still very good. I like that it does not take much space inside the iPad to charge the battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ The product works fine as long as you don't have to adjust the volume on a daily basis. You can adjust the input to whatever you like and there's a way to set it to vibrate as well as adjust the sound. The only drawback is that there's no volume control. It's really hard to adjust volume unless you have a phone or a phone charger. It should be a nice add on to the audio system that comes with the computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I have to admit that I really like this little thing.   The only drawback is the way the button works. It's a very easy to use button, but if you do not know what you are doing, you will be setting up the device to the point where the battery is dead. When you push the button, it goes in a loop, and when you release it, it does not go back out of the loop. You have to press it a second time to get the loop to stop.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from The unit worked great with a 3 year old Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge I bought this to replace my old LG phone which was going to die due to the battery. I used the original USB cable and I got a great connection. I didn't have to connect to an AC adapter. It is very easy and quick to use. I'm very happy with this product and would definitely recommend this product to others.  the only downside is the small button. I have a Samsung S7 edge with a bigger button so I have to use the original usb cable and this is very frustrating. ,,,  Product Review: The original Samsung USB C-to-USB cable is great and works flawlessly with the Sony Xperia Z3 Compact, but this USB C cable does not. I replaced my original cable with this one and it does nothing. I tried to use it with the new Sony Xperia smartphone and it still did not work. It was dead. I was very frustrated. It also didn't work with my phone. I returned it and ordered another one that was better but still did nothing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a smartwatch that came with an apple watch. I was really excited for this purchase and I'm very disappointed with it. The first thing I noticed is that the watch is a little hard to operate. When you put the watch on, the screen lights up and turns on. When I turn the wrist watch on the screen goes black. When the watch shuts off, the watch does not turn off. I thought this was a minor flaw but when you try to use the watch and the screen is still lit, the whole screen gets dimmed to the point where it looks like the screen has been burned. I also thought that the screen was a little too small. There is a slight amount of blur when looking at the screen but I think it would be fine if the screen were slightly larger. The only other thing that is a flaw with the watch, is that when you take it off, it has the words "iHeartRadio" on it. This is a very small detail but if you want to be able to hear what your favorite stations are playing at the same time as you are listening to them on your phone, this watch just doesn't work. I bought this watch for my son because he was in the middle of an intense debate on the phone. It was an amazing watch but he will not be using it again. It does have an app but I would have liked it to have been a little more advanced and to have included a remote control for adjusting the volume.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This is a great device, but it is extremely flimsy. When you press the button to power on it, it does not turn on the computer. This is my second computer, and I bought this one for my son to use. I wanted to get a larger capacity drive, but I was told this model has a limited capacity. So, I will be buying a larger drive, and will likely get a 4gb card, so I can play some games on it. It's worth the price just to be able to play some more games.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have used my Samsung Galaxy S3 for a month. I have been very pleased with the phone, but I would like to see an improvement in the design. The buttons are a little mushy and I have to force them a little. The touch screen is very nice and I love the notification light. But the overall design is really not good. The screen is a bit too small and the camera is a little big for me. I would definitely buy the S4 in the future if it comes out in a couple of years, but if Samsung keeps making this same mistake I won't be a happy customer.  Write a positive review about the best camera: --------------------------- The camera on the S3 is amazing, but there is only a black and white mode, and it doesn't seem like it's all that good. I like the photo sharing options that come with the SGS3, but it's pretty useless. I wish Samsung would add a "Live Photos" mode, like with the Lumia 920 and 920 XL, which makes it so much easier to take a photo and post to Instagram.  the S III is still a fantastic phone! ------------ Yes, it's a little weird having a curved screen, but its still a great phone, and the display has more screen real estate than the iPhone 6. You can see everything on the screen at once and you get more use out of it. The software and battery life are also really good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This is an awesome piece of equipment and it does exactly what it is supposed to do. ********  Comments from the customer who bought it: I'm a software developer in my mid-40's.  The Mac mini is a great piece of hardware, but the power adapter is useless.    This thing is a beast.  It does everything that a good power supply should.  I'm now using the 2 USB ports for an external hard drive, a USB mouse, and a USB hub.  There is no reason to go with any other brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  -The iPhone 4 has been replaced with the iPhone 5. This is the iPhone 6 that the iPhone 4 is based on. It's faster, has a better camera and an all new camera. -The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are not worth the money. I was really looking forward to buying one. But it's too expensive, not a good camera and very poor screen quality. I bought the iPad Air 2 instead, but it is not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's ok, not the best. Not the best at all. The screen is too small, the buttons too close together and too close to the back button. The speakers are ok, the phone has a weak battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 years now and i have yet to replace it. the sound is good, and the buttons work great, but the screen has a very thin screen and i can only see it in direct sunlight. and the usb is very small and hard to plug in. but its cheap, and it works. i do wish i could get a larger usb cable to plug it into a larger computer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great, Compact Sound System! I purchased this system about 2 months ago and love it! I was able to pick one up at a great price and have it all set up right out of the box. It has a great sound, great speakers and great sound. The only thing i would change is the usb port. It's very small. I was having trouble connecting it to my macbook pro with the built in usb port and the one that came with the system is not long enough to plug the system into the usb ports. "I've been looking for a compact sound system with the kind of sound I want but without breaking the bank." - David H. The X3 is that system. I can't believe I waited so long to get this system. When I first got it I was really concerned about the sound quality. I had purchased an Alesis System 1 and had a lot of success with that but that was about 2 inches shorter and was just too big for my needs. I then looked around for something smaller and better but the options were limited. I went to B&H and they had one for $75.00. I thought it would be a good alternative. The next day I picked it up and after reading reviews I bought the X3. I have a lot more music on my phone than I do on my computer so the speakers have a great volume and sound great. It came with a power supply, usb cable and the CD. I highly recommend this system to anyone looking for great sound and value for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - This unit is a piece of junk, a brick in the ground, and a pain to use. I have a Dell PC that I bought in 2003. The PC is still working fine and the CD/DVD drives still work perfectly. The only thing that needs to be changed is the CD-ROM drive, and that I will probably replace that with a new one, but the CD reader still doesn't work.    - This unit works well, but it doesn't do what you think it does. The audio does not work. It seems to be an issue with the unit, rather than the CD. If I get a new unit in a few months, I will update this review.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this for my husband because he was having problems with his iPhone. I was so happy to get it. I've already had it for a week and I'm still not happy with it. He was very happy with the price but the buttons are very hard to press. I bought this as a gift and he is very pleased. But I will not buy another one. The only thing that makes it worthwhile is the novelty of having an iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my children for Christmas. I got the new iPad 2 which is a wonderful device. However, my children were not pleased when I took it out of the box. The display was broken and the screen had cracks and chips. The iPad is very easy to use and has great applications and a good number of features. However I am going to return it to the Apple Store. I think that they should have replaced the screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you want to have a decent mobile phone, you can buy a Samsung Galaxy S3 for $200. It is very similar to the iPhone 4S.   It works fine but it does have some problems.  Some people do not like the look of the buttons on the back.  You can buy another phone that looks very similar.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have to admit I'm a little bit disappointed. I was using my old Macbook Air (that's how old it is) as a computer for about a month and then i got a Macbook Pro. I love it, but i have a feeling the screen is going to be a little smaller and i'm going to have to find a new laptop. I think i'll buy the new macbook pro again and use it as a secondary computer, but it will be a while until i can buy the same specs on the older laptop.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, January 17, 2014  by Robert from Westfield CT USA  Review:  I had to wait about 2 years for this product.   I am happy with the purchase.  the screen has a little more contrast and color balance than the previous model.   and the battery life is also better. , it has a small footprint but works great as a media hub. I have a few devices that I use for streaming music/videos/photos, and this device allows me to easily connect to the Internet with my iPad, my iPhone, and my computer.   is the USB charging port great? I think it is.    my only problem is the screen does not turn on/off when it's plugged in, it just sits there. I also don't like the fact that the battery is in the same place on the bottom of the computer. The battery is the only reason I would not buy a new computer. I'd rather have a new machine that can be used on the go.  I guess I will have to buy another laptop, but I think this is a great buy!  Great laptop, better screen than the last model. I highly recommend. .  of a new purchase, I was expecting the best. I'm happy with this purchase, just wish the battery would last longer. I will purchase another one in the future.  and that's the good news.  to the negative. I wish the USB ports would be on the top. I found that the old model's usb ports were on the side of the laptop, so I have always had to reach up and over the back of the machine to plug in a cable. I don't have to reach over the front of the system anymore.  in the meantime I have purchased the same model and am using it as my primary computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s i was just wanting to use it for a couple of days before i took it to the dealer because i was having problems. the problem was the batteries would not charge. i was able to get the charge to get to 80% and then the screen would just go blank. i went and got a new phone and still had the same problem. i got a replacement phone from apple and the battery is working fine now. i am really bummed about the battery life but i guess i would have to return it if i had another issue. I was just looking at a phone for fun so i am not very happy with the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a problem with my new iphone 6s+ and i found out that it was a problem because it's the latest model and the battery died on me the first day i used it. after buying another one from amazon they sent it to me free of charge. i would recommend this company to anyone who has a problem like mine.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this because of the reviews I read on the web and reviews by others on here. I wanted to buy an easy to use device to turn off my television. It's very easy to operate and has great sound quality. But the sound quality is the worst ever. The sound is not very good and it cuts out when you try to use it in your recliner. It would have been better if the sound came from the TV but the TV is on the other side of the room and you have to use a cable. The only thing I can recommend is that you put your cable box in the center of the recliner or it will not work well. Overall this is a good device if you're looking for a small device that doesn't require a ton of power and a nice sound. I would have bought one of these but this one will have to do.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ The computer is ok for a small office. ___________ _____________ The keyboard is very stiff and hard to type on, I am very disappointed. ______________________ _________ I am so glad that I gave this a shot. ______________________________  Rated 5 out of 5 by kristina from Love it! I have the HP 1030 and this is better. I am able to do my work much faster, and it looks more professional too! I love the built in scanner, and I can use the HP scanner to scan for documents or pictures I need to edit in my photo editor. I have only one complaint: the keyboard is really hard to use. But that's my only complaint.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I got the wireless dongle for my smart phone and I must say it is a great product. The dongles are well made and work well. The only thing is that the dongled only connect to one device. This means I can not use it on my ipad, and the dongs are a little small. It was also difficult to charge. So I bought another donglet and I hope it will last me a while.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my cell phone since it came out, but it's been falling apart and it isnt that great to look at either. my biggest complaint is the fact that i cant even tell that the battery isnt actually in the phone anymore, the case has some small damage to the inside of the case. i have been using it every single day since i got it, and i dont think its ever going to work as good as it does now. i think its a bad product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dlgman from Excellent phone for the price! This phone is a great phone for your money. It is a very good phone that has a lot of features that are nice and easy to use. The screen is great. The camera is also good and good for the cost. The battery is also a good feature for a phone. It lasts a long time. The phone is also very thin which is nice. This is a good phone for a very low price. The only bad thing about it is the battery. The back of the battery has some scratch that looks a little worse than the rest. The other thing is that the screen gets pretty hot. I have been told by a lot people that this is normal, but I'm still wondering why it gets so hot. Overall a great value phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very cheap gadget but the sound quality is horrible, the volume is very low, there is no bass, and the volume control is a pain. If it weren't for the cheap price, I wouldn't have bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________  I had to return this one because the "battery" on it is not rechargeable, it's a standard AA battery that is in the phone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was a very satisfied customer and customer service rep for two years. I have an iphone 4 and a iphones 7 with the apple iphonedrives software. I used to be very satisfied with the iphonestreams app. After the ipleaks app arrived and i tried to use it to play my music on my iphony iphosec (i have the ics software for it). I tried it and it was so very slow. I can't even play a song on my music player on my computer. So i decided to buy ipleakse for my ipod because ipleakedrives app was very bad and ipleakers app was amazing. i love ipleakeers app. My music player is so fast with the power it gives me. My iphoner is so powerful and the sound quality is better than the ichipo audio. I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love my tablet but the screen is horrible and the sound is terrible. I have the white one and it is just as good as the black one but the white is so much lighter. If you want a great tablet and you can live with a crappy screen and bad sound and terrible speakers I would say go for it but if you don't want a tablet then you should just buy an ipad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have a couple of these, and one of them died about a year ago and I replaced it. I thought I could live with it, but now it's dead, dead, and the batteries are getting low and the button will not work. I really wish that I had found a cheap alternative. I have looked around the web for one that works, but nothing comes up. I will look for another one, but I am afraid to buy the cheapo from the local store.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  This was an extremely disappointing purchase. __________  It is a good item to use as a radio transmitter with a built in microphone, but not so good if you need to connect to the computer. ____  A poor choice of radio receiver ________  I love this thing but the sound quality is a joke. _________________  i have an old school radio with this one and it is great. i like the way the microphone and speaker work ___________________ - - - -  "The Radio Transmitter is a must for anyone who's into the hobby. It's a little bulky, but it works great!"  - "The Radio Receiver is a great little piece of kit that can be used with a good speaker system. It has an RCA connector so you can use any speaker system, and the receiver has a 3.5mm input so it works with most computers" - - -- -  a great product! ____________ : )  : : :  ...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product a month ago, and it was my first time to be able to watch videos. I love that I can get a video of my daughter on the bus when she is sleeping, I can also get a short video of our son on his way to school, and I can see a lot of fun things I didn't know about my daughter that I didn\'t know before.  It was a great video to get my daughter up and ready to do her school work.  It's an interesting device that I really liked, but I don't know if I\'m ever going to use it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ipod for over a year now and its horrible! ive used the ipods for a couple of years and have had issues with it for the past 3 months. ive been going through the same problems with this one but with more issues in a few months. when you turn it on it works but when you put in your headphones or any music you cant get it to work. its almost like you have a battery that wont charge. the other issue with this ipod is it wont play songs at the correct speed so it will skip or get out of sync at a certain point. i alsove had it crash a few times and have lost all my music and my phone and my ipod. ive had a couple friends try to play my ipods and they have the same issues and cant get this to work either. the ipad is also hard to set up, its hard to find the right apps and settings and it wont charge or play music and its just a pain in the butt to use. if you want an iphone iphono connection it's a good phone but it doesn't come with an ipod so it wont last you that long and it doesnt sound good. just dont get this iphonocast and don't buy this ipod.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this to have an emergency alarm when my wife went to sleep for the night. The alarm sounds good when I turn it on. But when I get home it never goes off and my wife has a headache. It's a great product if you have a good alarm but if you can't get a good sound then get another one and then the price goes up!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My new iPod shuffle was a total bust. I purchased this as a replacement for a broken iPod shuffle that I had in my home.  I have the iPod 6G which I have had for a long time.  I have the    2G and   3G models and I was very excited to finally purchase a new model.  The shuffle   is the exact same as the  iPod 6g   and  iPod 5g .   It works very well but the only problem I have found is that it has a separate magnet on the bottom to keep the  slide from coming off.   This   has happened to me a few times and has made me very uncomfortable.  For the price I am expecting much more from this unit and I am disappointed in it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________: _________________________________________________________________________: __________________: I've owned this product for about 3 months and it works perfectly! I love it and I just bought another one. The only thing is, it is a little hard to clean. You have to be careful not to put the plastic on the metal side of the device because it will scratch it. Other than that, it's great. I have to say, the fact that it can't take a beating is great because of how many people I've bought it for. The fact that I can get a new one if something breaks is great as well. I would definitely buy this product again. It is my go to for a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A couple years ago I got a PDA that was pretty new. I didn't have a lot of use for it, and it got a little scratched up on me over time, but it worked. I lost my old one a few years ago, but I found this one on ebay for a pretty good price. The thing is, I have a PDS with a pretty weak battery (under 20% at best). It would charge slowly, and the screen would turn off in about 10 seconds every time I took a picture. It would also occasionally get completely dark when it was turned on. I couldn't figure out why it would happen. I took it back to the store and got a battery charger, and when I got home I put in the charger, but the battery would only charge to around 50% and then die, leaving me with about 25% left. So I decided to send it back, but as I was driving back home, it started acting up and started making noise like a typewriter. I was really confused about this. When I got to the house, it went completely dark, but now I think the screen is malfunctioning. I am so disappointed in this product, I will be giving it to my grandkids for Christmas, but if I was using it for a serious purpose, I would have gone with a more durable and long lasting model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I am a musician and I don't need a new guitar anymore  If it's a DSP, it's crap   This review is from: Audio-Technica ATH-M50XM-C2
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a flimsy, easily damaged, low quality product that I won't use anymore. It works well but the noise and the power consumption are so high that I have no idea why anyone would buy this thing. I have an old, un-upgraded computer that has a much better soundcard than this. I am also disappointed that there is no support for Windows XP and that the support website is not in English. This is just a waste of money and time. Rated 5 out of 5 by Dlouis from Great product! I've had this unit for over a year now. I really like it. The noise is very minimal and very quiet. I can hear the music playing and I can tell that the volume is set just right. I also like the fact that the unit has a great interface with no extra wires that can be confusing to use. My only complaint is that I haven't gotten a good deal on it yet. I'm considering purchasing a second unit for when I need to plug in a cable from my old one and I want to plug it into the newer unit.  Rated 3 out of 4 by mb from Very loud, bad range on some features This is my second one, the first one got damaged, this one works, I can't hear the bass on some songs (no surprise) and it does not have a volume knob, you have to open it up and find the settings for the volume. I'm using the sound card for a cheap PC I'm building. I bought it thinking that it would work with the soundcard but it didn't. After buying the sound cards for the other computer and trying to use the audio card with my computer, I figured out that there are different sound cards. The old one did not work. I tried the other sound cards but they were not working. After searching for a few weeks I got the other unit, and it works fine now, just not the first unit. I like the other one a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i bought this because i wanted to get rid of my old one.  It was really easy to install.  i think this product is great and it is easy to use.  I would buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipad 3 since the end of august, it is a nice looking device but the touch screen is unreliable and the battery life is horrible, so when I got it i thought the problems i had with the ipad 2 would be fixed but they werent, i was on the road for a month with the battery dying, and now the ipod 3 is on the way so i guess i'll just wait for the ipods 3 and buy a new ipod 2.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing about a year ago, and it's been on my desk since then. It's nice, I like the color and it is very bright. It works fine, but it gets old really fast. I can't use it at all, it constantly freezes and crashes. It also constantly turns off and on in the middle of a song, and there's a little plastic dust collector in the back that collects the dust and makes a mess. It doesn't come with a power cable, which is a shame, because it's pretty much a basic power supply. Overall, I gave this a 5 because I do like it, and I really like the look of it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The quality of the sound was terrible.  Not bad in a bad way but not good either.  The sound was so bad I had to play the game twice just to get the sound to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is my 2nd time buying this product and the second time was a total failure. I'm not a technical person and I am new to the computer world but when I installed the computer into the back of my vehicle I used the USB to HDMI cable and was able to connect my tablet and my computer. However when I started the computer the screen would not turn off when I unplugged the cable. I plugged the cable into the USB port on my laptop and when I restarted the computer it would not start. I called Genius to see if they could come out and repair the computer and the man said that he would try to send it to me in a few days and that I should contact them to get a replacement. I would like to thank you for a great product and service but now I am frustrated with your company because I don't feel like I got a great value for my money and will not be purchasing again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a kd-2500 in august and it worked great for 2 weeks before i noticed it wasnt working well after about 10 months and replaced it with a kdm-2000. the kdm is more expensive but its also has a better user experience than the kd. i got the kdt-2500 for Christmas and it works like a charm. but i can understand why the kdp is cheaper. i wish they would make a kdt for the ktk too.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent Product I have only used the kv and the kt, but so far, the Kv is the best, not to mention more versatile and less expensive. It's definitely a great buy for a starter set up. I just have to get the kvp on the way!  Review of DJ0207-056 Price and Performance I've had this for a while and was looking to upgrade from a kt. The kv is a great starter set-up, but after reading the other reviews I decided to get one of the kvs to save on the cost of the Kt. I got the K3v with the extra cable to use with my kt and the extra sound card. I've been using the kk with my iw1 for about 6 months and I love it. I also purchased a 2nd one for my main setup, but only needed the extra audio.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------This is my first time purchasing from the local stores. I purchased the Apple TV because I have a 3d tv and was very excited about the tv. I watched a few episodes of mario kart wii and then started to have issues with my tv. The tv was freezing after watching a video about apple which I believe was about the warranty. After some googleing, I found this website. My tv froze and started turning off every 30 minutes after that and then the apple store said it was an apple tv problem. I ended up giving up. I would rather buy it online. If I had known how much of a hassle the warranty would be I would have gotten a refund from apple.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It didn't work the first time and I have to use a screwdriver to turn it on. The screwdriver is worthless.  You have to push it all the way down and turn it around. ___________________________________________________________ I purchased this device to use as an external storage device in my laptop and this device is great. I was looking for a backup device for my digital media, it works great. The only drawback is that it only has one USB port which could be a downside for some. However it is not a deal breaker for me. ___________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ Pros: - Nice design - Battery lasts forever Cons: - The light turns off when the battery gets low (usually 4-6 hours) - Light is not so bright as advertised.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* This is a very good electronic device. Unfortunately, the battery life is not as long as I would have liked it to be. I have been using it for about a month now, and have not seen a drop in battery usage. The only negative I have to say is the charging port on the back of the device is not the best. I had to remove the battery to charge my phone. Also, it is a pain to find the correct button to turn on the device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this ive had it for over 2 months now and its a good ive owned several ive found that this is a good little iphone but there is a small issue it takes a little longer to charge then most iphones and it wont take a full charge when you first turn it on and if you turn it off it takes about 5 hours to charge and that is when its at 100% its not really good and its not very long lasting  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, September 20, 2015  Works fine but not for me  by A Customer from Long Beach CA USA  Pros: Good sound  Cons: Very expensive  Review: Works very well as a music player. The sound is good. I just don't use this for watching videos as it gets too hot to hold.  My only complaint is the remote control is a little on the big side for me.  the sound is pretty good  Would recommend.  of 9 Customer Reviews for TechPilot 5 USB - 5" - USB - Car Charger  Overall: Value: 4.5/5  Performance: 4/5   The techpilot 5 is a very nice looking charger that's very affordable. I use it as my iPod charging device, and it charges my iPod in about 30 minutes. I've also used it to charge my camera and iPad. It works great, and is a great deal.   Was This Review Helpful/Suggested by a Reviewer? Yes  Great   by A Customer, from United Kingdom  I really enjoy using my phone to charge it up. It charges very fast, but is a tad too big. -It charges my iPhone 6, but i dont know if the case would be good for it.  in the future i would buy one that fits a larger phone like the iPhone 6.  to charge an iphon this way is not bad.    I would recommend this product, and i will continue to buy it.  .  at a cheap price for what it does.  ( 1 of 1 people found the review helpful)  1 of 1 customers found the following review helpful: Works great by Mike from USA. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a year now and ive found it to be extremely unreliable and has a tendency to be buggy and unstable. Theres no point in using it for anything other than watching movies and TV shows. ive spent over a hundred dollars on this unit and still cant find the remote or the remote control. It has a very bad "chop" sound when the volume changes and the screen is a blur when turning the volume up. The only thing that has made it worth the money is that its light weight and it is very easy to carry. --------------  I love this thing! I bought this to play my old home movies. But it wont record. I cant get the record function to work and when i turn it on it wont even turn on, it just keeps blinking. I can't get it to work at all. Its a real problem for me. If youre thinking about buying this just buy another. You won't be disappointed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jm from Best TV ever! I purchased the XB270HG last fall and was very surprised at how good it looked. I was very pleased to find the features of the picture on the screen to be superior to that of the XF270H. I use it mostly for watching movies but it does have some very nice features. The remote is very simple and intuitive to use, and has the ability to browse the internet and listen to music and radio. The picture is excellent. The colors are vibrant and the viewing angles are excellent. I love the fact that it has a HDMI port on it which allows you to hook up a larger screen. The box itself is sturdy and well constructed. I would highly recommend this TV and will probably purchase a second one in the near future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s is just ok. it has lots of flaws. i had to buy new batteries and chargers because the first one i bought wouldnt hold a charge for over 4 weeks, the charger would not charge and it was just an average phone, i had it for two months then one of the screws in the case came loose and the battery fell out, it is now useless, i cant believe this phone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 15, 2011  I have been buying these for years!  by: David in Springfield TN USA  Pros: Compact, good screen, small size  Cons: None  Review: I am a big fan of the Motorola line of cell phones and these are no exception. I own the first model I got, the Motorola T933. I love the T932. I can carry the T930, the T940, and the T9500 in one pocket and the phone works perfectly.   These new phones are much more compact and portable. I have a T9520 with a small battery in a leather case, and it fits in a pocket or purse, but you really need to be careful with the battery. It is a little fragile and if you drop it, you are out of luck. I recommend having a small backup battery in the event the phone gets damaged.   a few months ago, I was using my T9521 and had to go to the hospital for an MRI scan. It was the first time I had to use my phone for a prolonged period of time since I had started using it so frequently. The battery was still fully charged, so I was able to get to the doctor without a problem.   to the customer service staff of Motorola, they have never let me down. When I had the T9230, they sent me a new one at no charge. The T9530 arrived quickly, no damage to the box, and I had a replacement battery in my pocket within a few days.  in the end, the new phones have more features and a better screen. They are also smaller and more portable. If you are looking for a cell phone that will last a while, I would say these are your best bet.  the T9350 was my first phone and I was very happy with it. I loved the way it was small, it was light weight and had a large screen. it was good
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for over a month now and its horrible and its only good for making calls and the internet... i just bought this because i heard a lot of good things about it but im so disappointed in this phone i am so very sorry to say i will never buy another Apple device and hope that this phone will get discontinued soon..  Rated 5 out of 5 by dre from i have had it for a month and it is amazing. i have not been able to use it as much as i would like due to the battery life. the sound quality is amazing and it has an amazing camera  Review of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Review by Steve  I have been flying since 1985 and I have flown many different types of aircraft. I was a pilot in the Air Force for 5 years. I flew many different aircraft including the U2 and the Phantom. I still have a copy of my first flight manual that I got when I was 15 years old. I am a huge fan of the Phantom and I was so excited when I found out about the new Phantom 2. This is a very capable and well made platform that can fly faster and further than the Phantom 1. The battery life is better and the camera is a huge improvement on the first Phantom. The only thing that is lacking is the stabilization of the camera.  Very Impressed Review by Jason  First flight, great camera, great build quality. I have a DJI Inspire 1 and it works great but this one is a little faster.  and much more fun to fly!  This is the best purchase ever Review by Tim  i just received my Phantom 2 on June 1st. Ive had the drone for about 2 weeks now and it does everything that i need it to do. the battery lasts for about 1.5 hours when flying at a speed of 50mph. and the gimbal stabilization is amazing! The battery is the same as the original but the camera has been improved. The gimbo is very stable at up to 5g and is very fast to change between camera and video modes. the gimbals are also a lot smoother and more sensitive. the only thing I dislike about this drone is that the camera does not have a switch to switch between video and image. i guess that is because the original has a switch. Other than that i am extremely happy with this purchase.  The Phantom 2 is the BEST I have used. I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ It has no keyboard. It has 2 buttons for switching from "voice to text" and a "back" button. It does not have a touch pad. You must push a button on the top left to turn on or off the "screen" and "microphone". There is no USB port on the bottom. You have to connect it to a computer via USB to have the microphone and screen on. There are no audio controls or volume control. It can not be used in a bath tub. The battery life is horrible. It is a 5 minute charge to last about 2 hours. It will run for a few hours on a full charge. I am not a fan of the "smart" feature. I have a Macbook Pro that has a touch screen that does everything I need. I would not pay $200 for this. It's a bad buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these in the past, but they always sound like they are going to explode and i dont understand why. i was looking for a cheap alternative to my $150 computer and this works perfectly. but i cant use it for anything. i dont want to buy another one just to replace one. it's so cheap.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very pleased with my purchase, however, the battery life is extremely short. When I was playing around with my new bluetooth headset I tried to listen to music on it and it would only play one song. I tried using it as a Bluetooth speaker and that worked fine, but the battery died quickly and when I tried it again, the song was gone and I was left with a dead battery. I think that if this product is marketed to audiophiles it will be very successful and well worth the money, however it is a terrible experience for everyone else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If I were to pick a device I use on a daily basis for work, it would be the Epson Artisan series. I am in a medical field where the quality of information is paramount. The software is good but the pen does not write well. I have had to use the pen for hours at a time and it does not have the longevity of the Enermax. I do like the pen but would recommend to look elsewhere.  Review of DJKL-A02 (0) by JK  Pros: Nice pen for writing notes Cons: No ink cartridge
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love this app and my husband does too.  But there's a very real problem with it.  I'm a software developer, but this app does not even get a "6".   The user interface is terrible.   It's very difficult to change the settings or do anything but scroll through pages of menus and the "change" button is way too far to the right.  And there's no support for a lot of the settings.  If it was just the user interface, it'd be a "5".  But the poor support makes the app a "1".  The app is also buggy.  One day it won't show the last photo you took of your dog or your cat.  Then when you try to take a picture, it doesn't take a pic.  It also crashes sometimes.  So, I'm going to go with a "4". 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had a few of these so far, I bought one for my son, he's just been trying to get it to work. It seems to work fine, but when it is in the 'on' position it doesn't actually turn on, it just turns off and goes into sleep mode.   Another reviewer mentioned that the batteries get weak fast. I have had this one for about a year and it still doesn't seem to be dying. It is now about a week old and still working fine.   the only problem is that they do not work with all computers, I had an Apple computer and the keyboard would not work on mine, they do work with most of them.  , I have to say the only thing I can say good about this is the fact that it has a usb port for charging it up, and it's cheap enough to get one for your kids or yourself if you need it.   a bad thing about this unit is the price, the battery lasted me about a month of constant use before it started to go bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for a friend who doesn't know what he's doing with an iphone.  He said that the device doesn't work well.   After 3 days, the screen is completely black.  I'm thinking that the charger is defective.  My phone is still functional but now I have to deal with it as a new phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this product for over a year now, it works great, but the screen is constantly fogging up, its a good looking device but the fogging is annoying.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good product I am a professional photographer who likes to use my camera in low light. I use this product when I need to keep my camera clear of any kind of dust, dirt, etc. The product has worked well for me, but I also use it when I am taking photos in high light and my pictures look washed out. .  "Great quality, and the price is great! My camera does not fog up when I'm using it in the field, the only downside is the screen fogging. I am still using this product as I'm on my way to a wedding.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 3g has a very small screen size that's hard to read. You have to be close to read a text, and if you're in a very confined space, it can be hard to see. i was able to read text at a reasonable distance but still needed to have a friend help read some of my emails, so that's not a big plus.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The best part about this phone is that it is very inexpensive. However, I have to complain about the poor performance and long battery life. I have it with T-Mobile for the data service and my family is happy. The other phones with the S5 and S5 mini have terrible performance and battery life, so this is not a good choice.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- -------------------------- It's a cool idea, but the battery life is terrible. The device's screen will die about 1.5 hours after it's turned off. I think I have to leave the device plugged in for at least another hour to see any improvement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for about a year now, and the last one i purchased was defective, the button worked for about 2 days before it broke, i have no idea why i waited so long to send it back, i was using a $200 tablet with a similar problem, the thing that i have problems with is that when i press it it is like there is no input, and its really hard to use and there is a slight clicking sound. i dont understand the reviews on here that say its better than the old ones, they both work. i would suggest this if you like a small size tablet, but it doesnt give you that high end feel or feel, and when you use it to watch a movie the screen is not bright and you need to hold the screen on the front to get a clear picture, and i dont think the screen would work well on a table or a desk because the screen will bounce off the walls a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a number of devices in the past year. ive been with them all for a few months but have been with these new ones for a while.  they are fine but they have a few glitches in the settings and they will always make a noise like the power is on when it isn't.  some people dont like this but i think it is good for a cheap computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The "I'm going to use my iPhone 6" is a bad way to introduce a new phone to the world.   The Iphone 6 is a good way to take the iPhone 5s, and the new Moto X and Samsung Galaxy S5 and put them in one. The only real downside is that you need to have a carrier contract with your carrier to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a kuai for a few years now, i had to get it replaced after a couple of years due to a cracked screen. when i first got it, it had the original battery, but that battery was a huge pain in the butt. the second time i had it, the battery on it exploded and had to be replaced. i was so upset about that, and after trying to replace it with another battery, it exploded again, this time the battery was brand new. i did not like this device. i have had some success with the kuahai v2, but i was a bit disappointed when i was using the kuhai v1 for a couple months. the v2 is a little bigger and has more buttons and is just as easy to use. i can't really complain about the v1, as its just a better device, but the v4 is a lot better and the battery life is longer.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a very cool concept, but a very poor execution. I've been using a $300 iStick for 2 years now and the battery is only 2 years old.   I've tried a number of the other cheap portable chargers available, but this one is the worst. It can't even charge my cell phone, which I use daily. I was really looking forward to using this one because I'm a big fan of the iSticks, but the quality is so bad that I can't recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I love my Kindle and the software, but the screen is always flickering, so I had to put it away and buy a new one. I've also tried to repair it but have no idea how. So it was time to purchase another. I also love the way it looks. But, my husband is not a fan of it. He says it's a waste of money and should be used for a book. I would like to recommend it to anyone who has one. It's an awesome piece of technology and I hope the problem will be fixed soon.  "Great Book and App"  - Anonymous Customer, Nov. 2013   This is a wonderful book, the perfect way to take a quick break from the computer. It is very good for reading while working on something else, or watching a movie. I like that it is small and easy to carry around. I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a Samsung TV, and it works fine except that the remote does not work. The TV gets very hot when it is on.   Also, it has to be plugged into the wall to use the remote.  I am really disappointed. I have bought several other Samsung TVs, and I've had them for 2 years.  My last one was about 3 years old, and there is no way it would be this old.  Also the remote was so bad, I gave it to my wife.  She is very pleased with the television.  It has an excellent picture.   Was this review helpful to you? Yes No ( 2 )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This is the second iMac i have bought that had the dreaded 'dead pixels' problem. This is a very common problem and it does not go away. This device can't even be used as a computer for video. It is a total waste of money. The screen is great for watching videos, but for work you would do better with a PC.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My wife bought this as a gift for me but when we tried it we found out that it was faulty. We are very unhappy about that. The thing started to ring. Then it wouldn't power up. We had to call customer service and they said the warranty should cover it but they would not cover any part of it. Then they said we would have to send it back to Apple. We will not be buying another Apple product from them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a  Sony Z-series smartwatch for a great price from a local Best Buy.  The watch works as advertised, but the watch is just a giant dongle.  I am going to send it back to Best Buy, they should not sell these dongles.  The battery is not charged, the watch doesn't wake up or work properly.  If you buy this, be careful when charging it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really wanted to like this device, but the first time I used it, it made a loud clicking sound and was too noisy, I have to turn it off and on, the noise and the light are not the same. The second time I tried, I got it to work, but it is just as noisy as the first one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 30, 2011  by Richard from St. Louis MO USA  Review: I bought this to replace a battery in my cell phone. The device worked fine for a few months. It started making a loud noise when the batteries were running low. The company sent a new battery with a note saying it was defective. I returned it. The new battery was not a problem. The noise stopped.  "Best in Class" was the best description I could think of for the product.  a few things that were not so good: -the battery life seems very short. It has a 2.5 hour battery life when connected to a computer.  and, as others have said, the button is very hard to press and it is hard to use the device when it is not plugged in. It is not easy to use if it is on the table, on the floor or on the bed. I would not buy this again. ,,  "Best in the Business" was another of the many misleading words used to describe this product. If it is a good product and it works as advertised, why is there so much dissatisfaction?  I bought this because I am a long distance runner and needed a charger that I could use at work and in my car. It also works fine in my home. The only bad thing I found was that the light that comes on after the charge has finished is not very bright and not at all easy to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not a fan of this product.  First of all, it's really loud.    The volume control on this device is so inaccurate that you can't hear anything else.  If you don't want to be able to hear anything at all you might as well go out and buy the $20 unit that comes with a microphone.  Also, I really wish there was a button that allows you to turn this device off, which it doesn't.  The speaker is really tiny and the cord doesn't have enough power to reach any distance.  I am still looking for a device that will get my music in my car and have it on at all times.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these and they are ok. I have a bunch of them and have used them in many different situations. One thing i dont like is the fact that they dont come with a hard disk. I know it isnt an essential thing but I do like the extra storage. I do recommend this product for people that are just looking to get some work done on a budget.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This product is not as good as it could be. I really wanted a wireless keyboard but this one did not work and had the annoying beep when you hit keys. I could never get a wireless device to work correctly. I bought the wired version so I could get my work done on a plane. I used it at my desk and it worked fine. I am using it at home and it is just as bad as the one at work. The beep is annoying. I had to turn off the wireless and put it away so I can work at my computer. It is only 1 star because it works but for what I paid I expected more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since 2012 and it works well for my needs but the sound is not very good, theres a very audible hum when im playing on the soundcard, and i have to turn the volume down in order to hear the music.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Great soundcard for your PC (and Mac) by Aaron from Lubbock TX USA - 1/28/2018 1:45:09 AM  Pros: Sound is very good. Only con I can think of is that the volume control can be difficult to find. ,  Very easy to use. I also use this sound card for my MacBook Air.  of,  I am very satisfied with this soundcard  of, , It has very good sound. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a good soundcard.  a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have bought this item for the past 3 months now. I am on my third purchase of this product, and they are all working perfectly, and only cost $29.00. I have had the device for about a month now and it has worked fine so far, so it seems to be a good product at a great price. I was very pleased with the sound quality and it is very nice that the controls are located on the bottom of the unit. The controls are small, but they work well and the controls work smoothly. I would highly recommend this item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a month and i cant find the app that can fix this problem... ive downloaded a few of them that say they can fix it but nothing works... imeans are very expensive, and i know its a lot to pay for this phone, but i just want my phone to work...  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 29, 2016  by A Customer from San Antonio TX USA  Review: Works perfectly  By: Aaron From New York City USA  The app works perfectly.  Good value for money.    Was it Helpful to your experience? Yes Yes No Thursday, August 23, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 2 years and every single time i plug it in it fails and it is an absolute *******. its only purpose is to charge my phone, so i bought a second one and it works just as good as the first one. so if you buy this, dont buy it expecting it to work well because it wont.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 2 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Mike G.  is an experienced user and has never had a problem with this item. The device is sturdy and easy to use. My only complaint is that it only has a 3 hour charge capacity, but I can plug it into my car and charge my other phones, laptops, and tablet at the same time. Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a simple and good-looking device to charge cell phones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s   The device is terrible. The screen is blurry. the buttons are all janky and unreliable. the phone can't even run a simple video playback app. I can't find a way to turn off the GPS if I have it on.   It was a great device from day one. The battery life is average and the device has been upgraded many times since I bought it. The only good part about this phone is the amazing camera. I only have the 6s. I would recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I have a new Dell laptop and I am having a hard time getting my computer to start. I tried the power button and the reset button but to no avail. The screen is completely black and does not turn on even when the computer is powered on. My other computer works fine. I am going to get a new computer. I think that the power switch should be located closer to the computer. The only reason I gave this product 3 stars is that I did not receive a receipt with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I got this as a gift from a friend and I have to say, it's not what I expected. I was expecting a very fast device, but this thing is slow and takes a while to boot up. It takes over 30 minutes to get it up and running. There's no sound from the device. I have tried everything I can think of, but to no avail. The device itself has been good, but the hardware just isn't good enough for what I need.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is the worst case of "I will buy it but I can't live without it." that I've ever owned. I've been in the computer industry for 15 years and I've never seen this before. My system was working fine with a new CPU and SSD but now it's broken and there is nothing to fix it. I tried my luck on eBay but the people who sold it were so slow. I even contacted them and asked to resend the message to them but they would not. I have a $500 HP desktop that is still working perfectly fine. It's a lot more than I paid for this computer and it's a complete waste of money. If I didn't like it I'd return it and get another one but I'm so disappointed that I'm going to try to get it repaired for the same price as this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  It has great features but is not that great at all. I am still waiting for a replacement for my other one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 20, 2010  Nice and Quiet  by A Customer from Seattle WA USA  Pros: Compact size  Cons: None  Review: Very quiet and compact. Easy to use.  and no battery issue. :)  A great value.  for those of you who want to upgrade your computer without spending a lot of money, this is a good buy.  the only con is that it only comes with the screen and keyboard. If you want to buy a keyboard/keyboard combo for it then you have to purchase the extra monitor. I purchased the extra screen. The keyboard has a nice clicky feel and is well made. I have used it in the office and my kids use it in their playroom and the noise is less than that of a desktop.  of course it's not as fast as a desktop, but for the money it's a good purchase  Be safe  Good for all ages  By Anonymous from Bakersfield CA USA  the computer was working well for a while. now the mouse wont move. It was my fault because I didn't realize it was plugged in. ,,  I would have to recommend this to anyone. it's good for those who don't have much money but want a great computer. I used to have a desktop but had to sell it for less. This one is great. I like the fact that it's very easy to set up and use. It's a great deal for the price. If anyone has any suggestions, let me know. .  at the end of the day, it's still a good computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this laptop for a year and a half and its a horrible experience! its not the fastest and its not perfect but its my first computer. when i bought it i wanted the latest and greatest i was very pleased when i upgraded it to windows 8 and it ran so smoothly! i also had it replaced because its so old and its just a total waste of money. i hate to give it a bad review but this computer has made me a horrible person.  No more bugs: ia was a new laptop bought from amazon.com. It was so fast i could only wait for my next computer! I love this computer!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a few months now and i hate it. the screen is so small its almost hard to use and when you get used to it you get very frustrated. it's like i got a broken computer for the price i paid. i wouldnt recommend this product at all. it wouldnt even be worth a 5 star.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the touch pad does not move at all and the keyboard is terrible. The touch pad is so hard that if you press it to the right and press the space bar it is very difficult to click the keyboard. I use a mechanical keyboard and have a very good one. I bought this to replace my old computer and it is so far from good, I have been going through so many computers that i am now in the process of switching to a Macbook Pro. It is a total waste of money, the screen is awful and the touch pad just doesnt work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a really good, cheap electronic device, but the "battery life" issue is not good at all.   My battery only lasted about 3 months, the charger is bad, and there is no way to check the charge of the battery and it is not easy to remove the battery to check how much charge is left. I have to buy a new one.   the problem is very frustrating, I really wanted to like it.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The ____________ _________ ___________ _______________ ______________ ________ _______ _________________ This _____________ ________ ______ ________ _ ________ __ ________________ ________, I have a ________. My ________ is _________. I have ________ a ____ ____. The ____ is _____ _____, _____. My new ________ can ________ the _____ in ________- ________ that ________ it ________ and ________ for ________ in _____ a _____ to ________ you ____ a _______ for _______ to ____ the ________." I've never heard of this company before, but I'll give it a try. The phone has a weird volume dial tone, which I don't like. I have to hold the phone to my ear to hear the tones, so I can't hear my text messages. It's annoying to listen to it all the time. The sound on the other hand is loud and clear, and I can hear everything. It works just fine. It also takes the longest to charge up to 80% in my opinion, because I can see that the battery is only a few percent. The volume on the phone is low. The ring tone on the end of the phone sounds kind of low, but if you don't listen to the sound all the way through it sounds fine. The screen is okay, but not the best. It has some glare. There's a lot of screen glare. You can see the text on the screen. The buttons are easy to press. The power button is on the top, not the side, and there's a small button on the side to turn the phone on. It charges in just under an hour, so the battery life is good. The only downside is the way it charges, which is annoying. I wish they would charge the battery directly to the phone, instead of using a USB cable, like a lot other phones. It would be a lot easier and faster.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the m7 for a month now. it just died a couple of days ago. its really slow and doesnt work very well. ive tried the m6 and m7 and they all have the same problems. this is a really nice looking unit but i think the m8 should have a little more oomph. its a good looking unit with a great price but its just a bit too slow and hard to use. __________________  Rokit XB4X: $399.00 (free shipping w/pcs)  Bought this unit about 2 years ago for my brother. He loves it. Just needs a little tweak. Still going strong, no problems since he bought it.  Dawg_K2: $119.00 + shipping  Got this to replace my old m7. So far so good. Still has some issues with the LED and the volume. Not a big deal though.  (The LED on the m5 was too bright, but this one has the same issue, so I guess the LED on this is too.)   Cordless Phone: $99.00   Speakerphone: $70.00  I love the Speakers. I also really like the phone. It has everything you would need in a phone: GPS, G-sensor, and more. If you're thinking about getting a phone, get this one, you won't be disappointed.   Camera: $40.00
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 2 ipads in the past, they were both the same, but the second one broke. i was very happy with the first one.   I was going to purchase this for my wife as a gift, however after looking at the website, the price was way to high for what it was.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________  I bought a new MacBook Pro 2 year ago, and after 3 weeks the screen started to flicker and the trackpad had to be replaced. I finally found a replacement, but it doesn't work as well as the original one. I'm not sure if it's because it's brand new, or if it has a faulty part.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************** (Posted: February 10, 2010)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a nice and quiet headphone, the sound is just good enough to be a good alternative to a lot of the high end products available at the moment. The build quality is a little flimsy, but I was expecting more from this price point. It does sound pretty good, just not as good as the Bose, and the build quality doesn't justify the price.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  Travis H. - San Jose, CA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have been using this for a few months now and I am very disappointed with it. The first time I used it I used the button to set the timer. The timer didn't work, so I reset it to the original setting (3 seconds). I then went into the program menu to set it back to the normal time and the timer wouldn't turn on. I then checked all the settings and set it to 6 seconds. Then when I used my remote control to turn the timer on it would not turn on the timer which I had set at 3 seconds. I reset the timer again to 3 seconds and the remote controlled it to 3.5 seconds which worked just fine. This is the only remote that I have had so far that doesn't work. I am going to send it back as I did not want to spend the money for another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 3gs i had the first one 2 years ago. i bought it and was not impressed with the phone at all. the touch screen is hard to use with the finger to touch. i ended up sending it back and got a new one. i just sent mine back to my local apple store to get a refund. this time i'll just get a good one from apple.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 27, 2014  by A Customer from North Carolina  Review: Works fine but the buttons and the menu is confusing. If I had to guess I'd say it has the same problem as the original iPad. .  of the three.  and, I will say that the price is not the best but this will be the last iPad for me  A Customer from Oregon  Product: iPad 2 6th gen  Price: Great price and good service  Service: Fast and good  Ease of Use: Simple but well thought out  Overall: Very good iPad. I use it in both the classroom and at home. It is very easy to use. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received the T1, and I have to say that I don't like the feel of the case or the design of the phone. The back is made of plastic and the front is very thin, so the phone gets warm to the touch. The camera is tiny and has very small pixels. I don�t know if I like it or not. I will wait for a replacement unit before I write a review.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a few times and i think its a great way to buy your mp3s online, but theres only one problem, they dont work. i've bought several and they are fine, but i dont think they are worth the money. i have a better quality device with a usb port on it. and when you get a refund you get it back. i would buy again if they had a usb, but if not i dont see the point. i did get my money back and a replacement item, but only because i had a very bad experience. i will never purchase from these guys again
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was advertised as "slim" and "easy to operate" and it turned out to be the exact opposite of both. The buttons are very small and difficult to use. I have had to repeatedly move the battery on the front of the device so that it could be inserted. And I have to press the buttons hard to get the device to boot up and run at all. I ended up taking it apart and cleaning it, so I'm happy to say that it's now working properly. I can't recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________. It was a very nice device, until you have to buy a new one. I love it, but the price is so low. I had one of the last models, which I had replaced before. It worked perfectly for a while, then it stopped working. I bought a new model, and it worked perfectly until it quit. Then it quit again. I tried everything I could think of, and I have a very high-end computer so I just give up. I hope the company is smart enough to figure this out before they have a lot of people buying new units. I don't recommend this product.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 30, 2010  Great little unit.  the unit is easy to use, and very light. no problem with it's performance  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 24, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought and used many of these for my tv and they are very unreliable. i bought one a few months ago and after two days i heard the beep on it and the tv was off. i went and bought a new tv with the exact same issue. then the beeps came back and the same thing happened. i have to send the tv back for warranty repair. i cant use these for any kind of serious work. i got them at walmart and they dont seem to care about this issue either. just a bad experience.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from It works great, and it looks good. I bought two of these so I could watch a HD TV in my basement. I have a Vizio that was in my previous TV but my previous one had a bad connection to my WiFi and I was using the old cable. I just purchased the new TV at the same time and I am so happy I did. The picture is a lot better and the connection is so much better. I recommend this for anyone who wants to keep the old style cable. The only downside is that the cable is not long enough to go from the wall mount to the TV. I am going to try to get a longer cable to put under the TV but I can't afford it at the moment. The best price and the best performance for the money!  5 out of 50 people found this review helpful Great TV for the price! I just installed a new set of HDTV's with a set top box in my house. I chose this TV because of the price point. I was worried that it might be too small but the picture is fantastic. It is very easy to install and is very sturdy. It also has a good picture quality and I have to say I was surprised how much the picture improved after using the remote for about 3 weeks. My only complaint is that it did not come with a remote but I just bought one for about $20.00 and I love it. I also like the fact that the picture looks better when you put it in a picture window. I'm very happy with this TV and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great deal on a great picture.  to be fair the remote is really easy to use but still requires some skill to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device is very bad and I am sure that you will not be happy with it. The sound quality is very poor. It's not like a good speaker, it's worse than a CD player. It also has a very bad touch sensitivity. The buttons are not very easy to use. I have to press them very hard for them to be responsive. The screen is not clear at all, and I can see very little on the screen. The speakers are not that good either. It has a built-in speaker. I tried to listen to the CD player, and it's not the best sound, but it works. I can hear very little from the speakers. I also found a CD that was working, and now I have a problem with it!  I am so disappointed with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the same one for years. it gets old. and its so hard to use for a smart phone. but still good for the price. ive owned one for over 5 years. but i will never buy another. it doesnt work. i just use my phone when i am away from home. it's an expensive piece of crap.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am so happy that you guys finally came out with a phone that works and can be used by smart phones. it makes me feel like a real man, ive finally found a phone to fit my needs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love this phone, it's so good, i'm going to buy another for my dad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________________ 1 out of 1 found this review helpful: No problem at all for this little device. The problem is the design of the power switch. It's so tight, that when I turn the power on and off, the switch doesn't allow me to turn the device off. I'm not sure if it's the switch itself or just the case that's not tight enough. It doesn't seem like anyone else has had this issue or if this is the only problem. I have 2 of these and I'm still waiting for them to fix the issue.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The worst I've ever seen!"   "It works fine, but it just doesn't work for me."   Last edited by gb on Tue Mar 15, 2014 2:56 pm; edited 1 time in total
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have an HP Chromebook that is terrible! This Chromebook was not even supported by the ChromeOS team until this past year! This is the only Chromebook that I have had a problem with. When I got the Chromebook, I expected a lot from this device. I was very excited about it. I thought it would be fast, but I was wrong! The Chromebook is so slow. I am a business student. I have been studying for over 4 hours a day! I have a school schedule, so I have to plan my day around my classes. I can't use my laptop for the entire day because I have class. I need to take notes on my phone so I can review them later! I am so disappointed! I don't want to use this product anymore. I'm glad I didn't buy the original one!  The only problem is the warranty! - October 12, 2015 - October twelve, 2015 This Chromebook has been one of the best purchases I have made. The only problem I have is that it is not supported by Chrome OS. When you do upgrade to the latest version of Chrome OS you will not be able to upgrade the warranty to two years. I tried to contact HP about this problem and got no reply. I had to return the Chromebook because it does not meet my needs. I will be looking for a different Chromebook.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love this watch, but I really wish it came with a built in battery instead of being powered by the watch battery. It was charging for the whole day when I first got it and it wouldn't go to sleep, it kept on charging while it was charging. I then got a 2nd one and it went to sleep when it got too cold but after a few minutes of it getting cold, the watch would go to standby. It's just a dumb watch that I can't wear to the office because it's way too bulky. If I could get it in a black color, I'd be all for it, but it's just an uninspiring watch. I just wish the battery was a little better than it is and the built in one that comes with the watch is also an inferior product. I don't like it:   The watch is a nice looking device, but the display is so small that it's hard to see the time. The display is just tiny and hard to read and the battery life is a joke. I'm glad that the watch doesn't have a display on it, I would prefer that there was a smaller watch with a display. I've got a couple of other Apple products and the display on them is much better, and the one I have is way better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned it for a couple months now and it doesnt do anything...it doesnt even turn on when it is plugged in...i wouldnt buy another one of these...its an expensive toy but if your a connoisseur of analog youll like it  I bought this device to try to duplicate a real analog guitar amp. I'm pleased that I bought the "Classic" version. The unit does everything I need it to. The volume control is excellent. The sound is fantastic and the overall look and feel of the unit is just beautiful. I have a few other things that I also bought from the "Fender" site as well and I'm satisfied with the quality of the parts. I did purchase an additional amp control knob for the "classic" version but I still prefer the "standard" version and the fact that it's just as functional and just as nice. It's nice to have a single knob on the amp control for volume control. It will allow me to have both volume control and a volume knob on a single control, which is nice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- Pros: - The buttons are very easy to use - There are 4 levels of brightness and one for white - The battery lasts a long time (4 months) - The screen is very clear Cons: - No wireless connectivity - The speakers aren't loud Cons: None that I could think of ---------------------------  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: daniel-d
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while now, and it works great. one thing that i didnt like was the little plug in the back of the unit, as it does not have a way to hold it down when i have it plugged in to my PC. i would recommend this to a friend who has an old computer, but does not like to carry around a laptop to access files on the internet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This thing is junk! You get a very weak signal. I bought this because it was the cheapest at a Radio Shack store but it does not work. I had it for about a month and it had been broken at the base and I found that I had to use the original plug and not the new one. So the product is junk. I have tried to send it in but no one has returned my phone. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product. If you want to make a quick buck do it by buying from the store that you think is the best. I paid over $10 for it at a store that didn't have any problems. I'm going to try and return it as soon as I can but I have no confidence in these people.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________ The Epson Stylus Photo Studio II is a very good looking product. It's a nice big box with a few little pieces to attach to the bottom. It comes with a manual and a couple of batteries. The manual was very good. The batteries were not good. I tried a couple different ones and the ones I purchased were of the cheaper quality. They were very weak and would not last more than a week of use before having to be replaced. The quality of the photos on the box are good, but the quality of those photos is not really there once you have the printer and the software installed. The software and printer are very basic, but it works. The screen quality is good, and the program is good for simple things like making color copies. However, the ability to make a color copy of an image is limited to a few presets and only at a very high resolution. The program is very basic and there is a lot of setup needed. The printer is also not good enough. It is very slow and the paper is very cheap. The paper is not very good either, so you have to print a lot. It does work, but you have better choices if you need to make copies.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3 from Best Buy about 3 months ago. It was working fine at first but then the phone would randomly reboot with no warning. I checked the battery and it said 7% but it would restart and then turn off again. After doing some research on the Internet I found that my phone was faulty. I returned the phone and went to another store where I bought an iPhone 4. My phone has worked fine since I got it and I have not been able to get a replacement phone. I would recommend buying a second phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone 6 plus for 2 years. it doesnt have any problems except when the screen is off, it gets stuck at the back of the phone. i was using it to take a call and the phone started to vibrate. i went to find it but the screen was stuck. i just thought it was an old issue but the phone wouldnt turn on. i dont know if the problem was with the phone or the iphones. I will just stick with my ive model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got this for a Christmas gift for my son who has Down Syndrome. He loves it! I am a fan of the iPhone. But the Samsung was not for me. It did not fit the bill for the way I use my device. I could not use it with the iPhone and my iPad would not connect to it. I think Samsung could make it easier for people with disabilities to use their devices. But overall I am pleased with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5, I bought this phone with hopes that it would replace my old iPhone 6, however, after about 3 months of use, I am disappointed to say that it's a lot worse in every aspect. The screen is terrible, it's not bright, and it's really hard to use. The cameras are terrible, they are very blurry and are not very good quality. The battery life is terrible. I use it a lot, and after using it all day long, it still has about 20% left when I turn it off. The buttons are very small, and the software is also very bad. I don't like the fact that it has no fingerprint sensor, it doesn't even have a back button, and when I take a picture, the pictures don't always turn out correctly, and I have to go to the gallery to get a better photo. I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way. I would not recommend this phone at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my evolv e cig for a few months now and the atomizer is really bad. The coil is weak and doesnt last long, the wires are really thin and the device doesnt hold a charge for long, I have had to replace it 2 times in the last month or so and its the worst one I have ever had. Its not worth the money.   It was very easy to replace and I am very satisfied with my purchase.  Good for starter ecig This ecig is a great starter ecigg for the price. The atomizer works great and I love the style. I use this as my go to e cig and would recommend to anyone looking for a good ecig.  theres no way to make a bad ecig like this...  awesome I got this as a free sample. This is my first ecig and I've been smoking cigs for about 5 years now. This ecigs coils and atomizer are fantastic and its easy to fill and you can vape pretty much anything. Its a little heavy but its very nice and solid feeling. I'm a big vaper and this will definitely be my main one. I've only had it about a month so I'm sure it will last forever. The only thing that I dislike about it is the battery. It takes a long time to charge and is very low on power. Its fine if you just want to vape, but for me I'd rather buy a better one. Overall it's a good product for the money and if you're a beginner I would definitely recommend it. ,,  Great starter ecigs, but battery not good. I got my ecig as a gift and I really like it. The battery is pretty bad and the vape quality is really good. The quality of the coil is a little bad too but I think the battery is to blame for that. I just replaced the battery and now the coils are a little bit loose and I don't know if it's the same battery or what. But overall it's very nice to have the starter eccig so I can see how some people might buy it. I really wish they'd add a little more battery life. The one thing that bothers me is that the atomizers don't come with a little pouch to keep them in. If you don't have one, you have to buy a little paper thing and keep it with the ecig to keep the atomiser and coil nice
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It's so much easier to replace a broken screen than the actual device itself. This is one of those devices that can be broken in half with a little care. It's also so easy to buy replacement screens from the manufacturer. It will take a little while to be up to spec but it's nothing a little tinkering can't fix. The only problem I had was the battery. When it's plugged in, it will only work for a few hours before shutting off the display. I have to unplug it, re-plug it in and it will still not power the screen on.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 17, 2013  I would buy this product again  by Mark from Los Angeles CA USA  Review: Works fine.  of  Did you find this helpful? Yes (0) No (0/0)  Works great   by Brian from Chicago IL USA 's were fine  Would recommend this product to a friend  Yes (0), No (1/0), Not sure (0 /0)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gizmo for about 6 months. it isnt good at all, and when i tried to connect to a modem it only connected to a static IP address. i have had to reset the router several times, and every time the router was not up to date, so i had to update the router. then i connected to the web page and found that the gizzmo doesnt work at all. i cant get a signal to my laptop even with a static ip. this is a great product if you want to pay a few dollars for a computer that works but for the money you could buy a computer with a good wifi and a better modem that will last longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 4 years. i bought this for my kids as they were in the car with their dads and it just died. this time, it was in the house and didnt work. i had to take it apart and fix it. I have to say this is a very expensive item. i think it should come with a lifetime warranty.  Good Buy I bought one for a birthday party and it was a hit! I'm not sure how well it works on the younger kids (9 and 11), but it's fun. We had a great time. The price was right too!  Excellent Product at a great price! This product is amazing. My kids had a blast with it. Great product.  The kids enjoyed it so much that I bought two.  to get a good workout. . I bought this because I was bored at home and it's a lot of fun!  and the kids loved it  My oldest is 12 years old, he's been playing with it for a while, he plays with it a lot, so I was really surprised that it lasted so long! It's been a good experience so far, I would recommend it for sure.  that's how i got started with it, and now that i have two of them, they love it. , it's not too expensive and it works! , my two boys have loved it, it is really good,  Great for the price!! I bought the kids' version of the Iron Trainer, and I love it! They have enjoyed it and they're always asking for more!! Thanks for the quick delivery! I am sure they will have plenty of fun with it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5 is ok  I have a 5 year old iPhone 5. I had it for a little over a year now. I bought it from Best Buy because it had the highest score on the app store and it's a great device. I've had no issues with it. The only problem I have is the screen is very very bright and it really hurts my eyes. I use the screen to read a lot of texts and I just put my glasses on to read on my phone. I'm sure this is a software issue, but if I were to have it again, I would buy a different model. I also would not recommend this phone to people who don't have a lot on their credit card. If you do have a ton of money on your card, then I think this is the phone for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for years. my laptop computer died on me so i had to buy this for a new one. it is still not a laptop. it will not be able to run a high spec nvidia graphics card (for gaming) and my computer still has a good amount of life left in it. i can run the laptop from time to time but it is a pain. the screen will light up like a new laptop and there is no sound. this is a waste of money. i give it a 4 stars because of the great features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a terrible experience. It is very easy to damage this device with too much pressure and over heating. I was having a hard time holding onto the battery. I ended up leaving the battery at the bottom of the charger so it would not get hot when the unit is on. After a week of charging the battery got really hot and the unit wouldn't charge anymore. I returned it for a refund and will not buy a Samsung product ever again. Rated 5 out of 5 by James from It was worth it! It was nice to get a charger that would work with my LG phone! I've been looking for a charger for my Galaxy S4 since buying the S3. It was pretty easy to install on the bottom cover of my car. It took a few minutes, but I had it in my car in less than 10 minutes. I have been using this charger for about 2 months now and have never had a problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a month now and i'm disappointed. it has had some issues and the screen is very yellow and has the tendency to melt. other than that the phone is great and i love the way it feels in my hand. i would recommend this phone but if i were to get another i would go with a dslr or samsung. i dont see myself ever getting this one back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone6plus  the phone has been fine for about 2 years now but there is nothing to do on the phone other than talk. I have a samsung galaxy s3 but i have to charge the phone every 3 days, and it still has not been able to connect to my google play account. it is a real pain. I am going to get a google nexus5 so i can't say how bad the samsung phone is. I hope it will work for a long time.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 28, 2015  Great phone for $20.00  by D. from Piscataway NJ USA  Pros: Battery lasts a long while  Cons: Not as good as a new phone  Review: This phone has a great battery life. You can't get much better than that for the price. I did have to get the usb charging cable but that's to be expected.    Was a bit slow to charge. It was about an hour to charge from empty to full. But it charges fast.  that's all.  for the $20 it's not bad. .  the phone is nice and light, and the camera is great. it's also really small.  I can easily carry it around with me.  to me it's worth the money.  and i can say it's my second android device. the first was the g2.   I love my android devices and this one is no different  Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 months now, and ive been using it to play games. ive tried to return it to the original owner but wasnt able to get it to do what it was supposed to do, and so i got another. if you dont want to waste money, this might be your solution, however i have to say that ive found the problem with the battery that came with the unit. when the battery is dead, the keyboard wont even turn off. i have now replaced the battery with a brand new one that works great, but it still does not work. the problem is that if i turn the keyboard on, it will turn off when the power is on.  ive changed the keyboard many times but its still the same problem.  i have found a good alternative that does work though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over a year and ive found it to be very unreliable and unstable. I have had this for about 2 weeks and the battery still doesnt last. It will either turn on or turn off with no warning and has a very hard time keeping a charge. theres nothing wrong with this unit it just doesnt last long. It hasnt lasted more than a week or 2 for me. If i had to rate the unit based on reliability this would get a 1.5 stars. I would not recommend this unit to anyone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Chris from Works well, but don't buy it. I bought this because I wanted something more portable than my old laptop. I needed a small, lightweight computer. This worked fine for a few months. After the first month or so, the screen would get hot, but then it would work, and the temperature would drop. Then it would start working again, but would get hotter and hotter. The computer would get so hot that it would burn the keyboard. The other issues I had with the unit were that it started with a lot of problems, and it had a high chance of crashing, so I was able to get a new one. I still like the small size of this unit, but if I wanted a laptop that could handle a bunch of things at once, I'd buy a MacBook. But I just like to have a computer on hand that I can take to work for about a week, and then go back home and have it back to normal when I get back. So that's what I use it for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I got this because I am an amateur photographer and wanted a more professional looking product. It has a lot of features but not all. I have the 8 bit and the 24 bit. The 8 bit has a little too much distortion in the picture but the 24 has too much noise. It also takes more time to switch to high or low and to turn the brightness. This thing is very bulky and the lens seems to be very big. It's also very heavy and I had to get a tripod to hold it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for about 3 weeks now. ive had no problems with it at all.    i do wish that the screen wasnt so small. i had to use a pencil to read anything on the screen.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is the worst I've ever used.  I'm so disappointed.  I've been looking for a nice little portable gaming keyboard for the longest time, and have tried many different keyboards.  This one is definitely not a good fit for me.  The keyboard itself is a bit small.  It's not too small, but not too big either.  If you're used to a full size keyboard, you might not like it.    However, if you're a smaller person who has trouble using a standard keyboard, this might be perfect for you.  Pros: - Good ergonomic layout (but not as good as an IBM Model M) - Comes with a USB cable - Good sized keyboard (not quite as big as a MacBook, but close) - Looks good - Great for typing (although not as nice as a good mechanical keyboard) - Very good battery life Cons: - Very cheap - The only thing you can use it for is typing - The cable is cheap, too (the USB cable)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great product until it stopped working after 2 days and the battery is a bit weak. I have a couple of others of this brand but not the same quality of the old one. The Best Value on the Internet. The only thing I would change is that the charger has a wire that is only a hair longer than a strand of hair on my head.  Also, the batteries last about a week, but don't last long enough for a daily use battery. Read more customer reviews on my blog.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I'm writing this review about my new Apple TV. It works perfectly, it's very easy to use, and it looks very cool. However, I bought this for the tv and not the computer, and when I went to set it up for the computer it didn't work at all. It's not the fault of the tv, the computer has never been stable. When I tried to turn it on the computer said it couldn't find the connection, and that the signal was down. I called Apple and they sent me a new one and I have to go out and buy a second computer to get the tv to work. I bought two because I wanted to have two TVs in my house, and now I need a new computer. The TV works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ A year ago I got my first smartwatch, the Samsung Gear. I'm a pretty big fan of smartwatches and have used a few different models. The first Gear was pretty much a big rip off of the Apple Watch. The screen was really tiny, there was no GPS, the apps were really clunky, and the battery life was terrible. I've never seen an Apple Watch that works as well as the Gear. My friend has a few, too, and I use a couple of them. The Apple Watch 2 is really nice. It's just so much better than the original, and it's a lot more fun to use. But the Gear is still great if you don't care about the tiny screen, don't need GPS, and don't like the apps. If you want a smartwatch that works well, it's probably the best choice, but if you're okay with your $300 being eaten up by a giant phone, the Gear might be for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this item to use for a video project on youtube and it works perfectly. However, the unit has a lot of problems and I would not recommend it for video work. First, it is very noisy. The unit can be louder than a vacuum cleaner! It also takes a while to charge the battery. It will take around 2 hours to fully charge it and then it will take another 2 hours for the device to get to full power. This will cause you to lose some battery power in the video and it will be very hard to get back up and running. Secondly, it does not have a very good screen. It is small, very light, but still very easy to scratch. I have had to take it out a couple of times because the screen was too hard to scratch and when it was on it did not work right. It has a bad camera, but it is okay for making a short video. It can be a great device for a quick test to see if the camera is working or not. However I would stay away from buying this device because the problems I had with it made me think it is a very poor product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for this device for a year now and all the reviews say it will not work. when i finally got it and got it in to test it and it didnt work. i was so angry at this company that i called them and talked to the customer service person about the problem and they told me that they will send a new one to me and that i have to take it back. i called again and told them to send a replacement. they said i will get a new battery. i still dont have a new unit and my phone is dead! i called the customer support again and they said they can only replace the battery and they dont know where to get a battery for the old one because they are out of stock. what a joke. the device is so buggy and has so many problems. i will not be buying from this company again. i am not even sure if i can trust them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I first purchased my first Apple computer, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I figured it would be a simple and easy purchase. Boy was I wrong. This thing is expensive and takes up a lot of space. If you are using it for work, do yourself a favor and buy a more expensive computer.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 22, 2013  Works as advertised  by Charles from San Jose CA USA  Pros: It works as advertised and looks nice. Cons: Only one power port, and that one is the one for the screen. I use it as a media player, so it would have been better to have two.  the second power port is for the wireless adapter and the cord for the keyboard. , from the second to the third power port. If only there was a third power and keyboard port on the right side. This is an all-around good keyboard, and a very nice one at that. The key spacing is perfect for me. I would like to see some kind of key backlight, and if possible, a way to turn off the backlight at the top of the keyboard when not in use. I know there is a power button on the back of the computer but it is hard to press with my right hand. I have found that if I hold the button for a few seconds, it will work, but if I use my left hand for the first few presses, the backlights will not come on, which is annoying. Overall, I am happy with this keyboard, but I think Apple should consider adding some of the features I am looking for. The only thing I would change would be to make the keys slightly larger, which would make it easier to type with one hand. Other than that, I'm happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone who is considering an Apple product.  of a good purchase. :)  The key layout is similar to the one on my old Apple IIe. It's a little on the smaller side, but it's perfect for my hand. The built in wireless keyboard is a good idea too. I had previously tried to find one that worked, but found the ones on the market to be not compatible with my keyboard. I am still working on the wireless keyboard so I'll report back later. - Charles.  I do find that the keyboard keys are not spaced
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this device for a few months now and its performance is about what I expected. I'm not sure why it is getting such a negative rating. The battery lasts a very long time. The only issue is the fact that it has a very small size. It is really hard to get to the top of the device. I wish the phone could be a bit larger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Great for what it is, not the best. I've tried other ones before and this one is better. It works but is hard to use. Not worth the money.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Full Metal Airsoft AEG Rifle Mock Bolt with Your Name (Length: 7.4") with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Customer Care website. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  the new full metal AEG mock bolt is the best! This mock bolt looks and works perfect with any Airsoft gun and will give you the confidence to have a mock-up of your gun. I have one of these and it looks like the real thing!  for a good price the mocks i got work well with a.300 blackout. I like the mock bolt look it has a nice touch and the color is really good too. I would buy another one just because of the quality of this one!  and the price is good too  There were no answered questions or comments placed on this listing. You must have Javascript enabled to ask and answer questions Your question and answer privileges have been disabled. You need to log in to view questions and answers on this listings. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Question submitted Note: You must log in before you can ask or answer a question. Log in I forgot my password Google Facebook Twitter  × Account Registration Making an account on MangaStream is fast and easy. Your account lets you comment on releases & news, and you can show your support by subscribing (ad-free MangaStream!). Already have an account? please log in instead. You are about to link a third party social media account to a new MangaStream account. Once you make the account, you can use your social media address to log out instantly in the future. If you already have a MangaStream accounts, log in and link the social media accounts from your settings. Username That username is already taken. Please choose something different. Username is required, please fill out this field. Username must be at least 3 characters long. Username cannot be more than 28 characters long to fit the "moderator exclusive" (big) template. Username can only contain alphanumeric characters (a-z and 0-9). Email A valid
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________  I purchased this for my son's birthday. I thought the quality was excellent. The sound quality was good, and the design was a good one. Unfortunately, it was too small for his hands, and he was unable to reach the buttons, and could not see the small light to show he had turned the volume down low enough. The buttons are difficult to use. The design of the device is too easy to destroy. The directions are very basic. The device would not fit on the keychain of my keyset, which has an adjustable clasp. The keychain came with a lot of keychain lint. I am very disappointed in this purchase. I'll be buying another one, but only if it is adjustable and has a larger button.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- A bit on the noisy side but it's a cheap, tiny and portable bluetooth speaker. It is very loud but it has a pretty weak battery. It only has a few hours of playtime before it needs a charge. However, that's not a big deal. I bought this to listen to music on the train. It's a very nice speaker.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone from Walmart and the phone had about 4 months of use and no problems. I really liked the design of the phone and the sound quality was good, however, the battery only lasted about a month. I would buy this phone again if I had another choice in a smartphone. The Bottom Line:  I'm really glad I bought this  phones because the phone was well built and the screen quality was excellent, but the price tag was a bit much for what I wanted out of a smartphone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and it still isnt working properly it is just a cheap device to use for downloading music from youtube. Its a very nice and quiet phone but this one hasnt lasted a full year. it wouldnt even turn on the first time i tried to use it and the charger isnt even on its charger when i first got it and it doesnt even work when it does. i have also had problems with the battery draining so fast i had to go buy a new battery but still it is a nice phone to use and its only a 5 stars because of the issues with this phone.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  I got the G3s because my old G3 was defective and needed to be replaced, so I was expecting this device to be a step up. It's not.  It's worse than the original G3. It is worse than my old Dell.  the software is a complete mess. I had to download a separate app to open the computer. the camera is very bad and I have not been able to figure out how to use it at all. I'm a huge fan of the original Dell, and this has been a big disappointment. I am very disappointed. I don't see myself buying a new Dell ever again. , January 16, 2012 at 10:34 AM  This is the second i have purchased a g3s and have to say i am very impressed. Very easy to use with the mouse and keyboard. I love the fact that the keyboard has an alphanumeric keypad. I like the way the screen brightness is set and it can be adjusted as needed. I do recommend getting the mouse for better precision and speed. I've had the g3 for about a month and it has not failed me yet. The software is also good.  for the price i am really impressed with the quality of the product and the customer service.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for about a month and the screen gets really hot really fast. I put it on the top shelf on my desk, which is on the bottom, and it stays hot for hours, the light is very bright so i dont really notice it but the screen looks and feels cheap. The only reason i am giving it 3 stars is that there are replacement batteries and they are cheap.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from The problem with this is the poor quality of the screen. I purchased this as an alternative to the Samsung TV in my living room. After using it for a week, I can say that it is very bad. The colors are washed out, the picture quality is not as good as the Samsung one, and the picture is grainy and looks like a photo on a DVD. I would recommend buying a better Samsung one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to use for my iPhone 5. I am disappointed with the quality of the device and I'm not happy with the price. I used it for a week and the sound was very poor. I had to replace it and the cable. If you're considering this you should try it for yourself.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, October 06, 2016  Great product  by A Customer from Bismarck ND USA  Pros: Sound quality  Cons: Not great for my phone, but I guess it could have been worse.  the speaker is small, and it gets really loud. - the phone is good. it has a great screen and is pretty well designed. I love that it is waterproof.    Wasthis Review Helpfulto you? No No Wednesday, September 23, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a new device for a few years now and was not satisfied with the one i got from here. It's a bad one. The sound is terrible, theres only two buttons, the screen isnt large enough, it's not rechargeable, it has a low battery warning and is too light and thin to hold the charge in a pocket and i didnt like the charger either. It also has a problem with the battery dying after a few months of use and i had to get another one because the last one died after only 3 months of usage. I just dont recommend this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is my second android phone (the first was a samsung). The first one was very bad, i had to buy another one because it was so bad. This one is the best android phone I have ever owned. The phone works perfect. The camera is awesome. It is very bright and clear. I have no issues with the other phones. The only thing that I would change about this phone is that the front camera is on the back of the phone. The front camera gives away a lot of your face when you use the phone in low light.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________________________________ The iDroid is a horrible phone. I was on the fence about buying this phone because it was $60 but since I already had an iphone I decided to give it a try. The iphones are so much better. The only thing about this phone is the iphONE. It's very heavy. I bought the black model. It came with the blue battery and I have had problems with the battery in the black one. It won't charge for more than 2 days before it needs to be replaced. The screen is good but it's just a very poor phone. There is NO way that it's worth $60. I'm glad I didn't pay the extra money to buy the ikone. I have tried several iphON devices and I'm very disappointed in them. The iPhone has a better screen, it's a better phone and more features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using my iphone 4 since it came out, but recently I got a new iphon.  This iphonel iphonet was the exact same thing, just slightly better, it also came with the extra batteries.    The iphones battery life was terrible, I would only have a couple hours worth of use and I would have to wait to charge the battery.  It's not a big deal if you want to have the newest, greatest, newest iphons but if you are like me and are on the old ones, then this is for you.  The best iphonest iphoner ever:   I had to return my irl iphono because the iphonewheel would not spin on it.  This iphonent iphont is amazing and the best ixpone iphoser.  I recommend it highly, I'll buy this iphostage iphotep and iphound iphond iphopio for my ixpedition iphonedia.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this on a whim, and after a few days of using it, the batteries in my headphones went dead, and my phone stopped working. So I bought a new battery and they still don't work, which is ridiculous because they were both new. I can't get the phone to turn on at all. The audio isn't great either. I'm very disappointed.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 07, 2011  Good and easy to use  by Anonymous from Tumwater WA USA  Pros: Easy to use. Works great. Cons: I would buy this again. I would have preferred a larger battery for this.  of course, i would give this 5 stars, but the only reason I give it only 4 stars is because it's hard to get a good fit on your head. It took me a while to figure out how to get it to fit on my head properly, but I found a way and it works great.  and the battery is also really short, I wish it lasted longer.  to sum it up, I am happy with my purchase. . ,  Reviewer: Anonymous from California  Review: The best headphones i ever had! I use them almost every day!  This review was written on March 26, 2011
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad buy, not because it doesn't work but because it's a bad design. It's hard to plug in, it's hard for the cord to stay connected and it's easy to lose the cord.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keyboard is very loud. It is annoying. The battery life is very bad. It's about 4 to 5 hours. I bought the keyboard on sale for $40 and got it on sale. If it was $60, I would not have bought it. The screen is not very good, it's very yellow, very dirty, and the keyboard has a problem with it not working with all of my windows programs.   It does not seem to be that bad of a keyboard, but it's a bit of a downer. The only reason I bought this was because it was on sale and it was cheap, and it works great, but if it were $100 it wouldn't be worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone4, my phone has been dead for over a month and a half now, i called apple customer service twice and they told me that they are working on it but no word on when i can expect a replacement, i contacted apple a few more times and they have not responded to any of them and i am so tired of this i am turning to another manufacturer. if you have a bad experience with apple i highly recommend you look into another manufacturer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for a year and I've only used it twice. It is not very powerful and it has been difficult to get it to charge.  It has an annoying click when you turn it on, and it takes a while to charge the battery, even after a couple hours of use. __________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________ The following review was written by a customer who purchased the "Bumblebee" from Amazon. ______________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________ The Bumblebee is a fun toy.  It is very easy to play with and has lots of cool sound effects.   I wish it had a USB port instead of a rechargeable battery, as I've lost 2 batteries in this little thing.  The Buggie is a good toy,  but I think it would be better if it had an internal rechargeable charger.  The Bumblebees were reviewed on a brand new, non-toxic USB charger,    which is also used to charge my cell phone.  You will need to find a charger that charges from the USB port of your computer,  because you will be unable to charge your Bumbleby on your computer.  I've seen some reviewers that recommend buying a portable charger, but I've not tried that, as my charger is very small.  However, you can buy a little USB charger with a USB socket on it, which will be perfect.  And, you could also buy a cheap battery pack,  which will also charge your portable charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s. i dropped it, dropped it. no more. i've had it 2 years, and i have had it through the rain. it is still going strong, and the only reason i bought another is to replace my broken 3s.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I have been a fan of the iPod since it was first released, and it is by far my favorite piece of electronic equipment that I own. The design is a perfect balance of simplicity and usability. The only problem is that the iPod is now more expensive than it used to be. This is very annoying, because the iPod 2 is a better value for the money. It has a much bigger screen and is faster than the original iPod, but it's no longer the same as the original! The battery life on this is also not as good as the iPod. If you are just using the iPod as a music player, you can probably use it without worrying about it dying. But if you are using it for music and other electronic devices, the battery life will quickly die out. Also, the new iPod is way too expensive for the performance it has. It just isn't as good of a portable device as the older iPods.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 03, 2011  Excellent Purchase  by Michael from South Bend, IN USA  Pros: Smaller size, no battery life issues, nice design, easy to use  Cons: Can't compare the older iPod's  Review: I've had my original iPod for 5 years now and I am very happy with it. I use it for email and phone calls, videos and music. It's very small, lightweight and has good sound quality.   I was thinking about getting the iPod Nano as a replacement for the original, but I am not sure if I will get another one.  , however, the smaller iPod does not have the same sound quality as the old one. It seems to have a different microphone than the older model. It may be my fault though, I am no musician. , I would buy this over the original if I had the money, but in this day and age you can't expect too much.  and the battery is getting old so I will buy a new one.  of course you can only buy one but I have had mine since 2001 and am sure I will be using it well into the future  Great device, but not worth the money  By David from Washington, DC USA  and I have been using this iPod for 2 years and have had no issues with the battery, I can use it on the go with my phone and I haven't had any issues with battery life
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's too loud and it's just too heavy. I have a baby, and my baby doesn't need loud noises or loud clattering noises.  Also, it is too hard to turn off the sound, even though it's on all the time. I wish the sound was just a little louder. It is just too loud, even for my toddler, who doesn't even like electronic stuff.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This is a real good product and the price was unbeatable. The battery life is great and the speaker is very loud and clear.   I am currently using this to charge my tablet.  The tablet is a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.  the sound quality is very good, especially the speaker.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery was drained very quickly. This may have been due to the low voltage or the battery not being completely charged but still drained quickly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace a very old Apple computer and I didn't even get a chance to get to use it.  The screen is very low resolution, but the buttons are hard to press.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent product for the price and works very well! I was looking for a low cost solution to my computer's old LCD screen. I bought this as an entry level screen for my laptop and am very pleased with it. It has a nice bright screen and works well with the old monitor I used to use. The picture quality is not the best, but it is still very good for the low price. The only issue I have with this is that it doesn't have a battery cover like my Dell screen has.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  Just an average, average person with a really bad habit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only good thing is the charger. I have no complaints about it at all.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, September 16, 2011  good purchase  by J from Tustin CA USA  Review: Good unit. Charged my tablet fine. I've had it for over a month and so far so good.  the only complaint is the device is a little large. - but overall the product is good  I have a Motorola Mifi (Mobo) and this is a great unit.  with a few modifications to the original design I have a very reliable device. .  for the price and quality this is an excellent purchase.  and the customer service at Amazon is excellent.  a great product!  Thank you  J. from TUSTIN CA USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ios since early 2013, and i love it. one time my phone broke, but i got it fixed in no time. the ios has been rock solid for the past 3 years. if the battery wasnt removable i wouldnt even consider the ipad mini, as the size and weight is just too much for me. my only issue with the ipads is that they don't have a headphone jack. the ipod mini however, has a great headphone jack that i love.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this computer for about a year. i didnt really know what to expect since ive never used a PC before. when i plugged it in, it immediately started up. after that, it seemed to be working well. i had an old iMac running the same software that i was getting from this. i got a Windows 8 license so i used it with the Windows 8 install DVD. the computer itself is fine. it can run games, run apps. it does run games fairly well. it has a lot of ram though, i have a nvidia graphics card, so i was running games like a champ on it. when it came time to upgrade, i opted for a new hard drive. i think i got an SSD, which is fine with me. it seems to be a very well built machine. it is also quite loud and i had to turn the computer off a few times when i ran out of power. i was very happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking to upgrade their computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone3s was really really bad. i mean really bad: the screen doesn't work at all. it is a pain in the butt to get to the right buttons, and it doesn't even have a backlight. it has to be turned on and off every 30 seconds. i can't use it in bed. it's so bad it's bad. it sucks the battery right out. if i have to use this phone at all, i would probably buy a iphona. i'm not really sure how this thing is supposed to be used. it doesn,t even have the right button. I'm not sure how they expect people to be using it. it should be on the back or on the front. The only good thing about this phone is that you can actually see the display, which is really nice! the only bad thing is the battery. it takes forever to charge and when i do, it runs out in a week or so. i hate to give this bad review, but it's really bad  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, October 27, 2011  Good phone.  by David from Houston TX USA  Review: I got this phone about a year ago. I've had no problems. It is a good looking phone. I have a Samsung, so I am not a big fan of this brand, but I can see how someone would like this phone. The screen is good and is good enough to read a book or watch a movie. The camera is ok. I don't like the interface on the phone. It's too slow and not very user friendly. I really wish they'd just put the power button on the bottom of the phone and the volume up and down buttons on the sides of the screen.  is the only thing I really like about this cell phone. For the price it's a great phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  I have been using the K3 for 2 weeks now, and it is the worst phone I've ever used. It's impossible to call for support and I'm getting frustrated with the fact that the phone is not even working when I try to call. I know the K2 is much better but I'm at a loss of words to describe this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  This product is useless and is useless. I bought this to use as a remote to open the front door and it is so far the most worthless device I have ever used. It works but you need to know how to operate it before you can use it. I have used this remote and the garage door opener before and never had an issue with them, but this remote is way more difficult to use. If you do not know how it works then you will never know if you put the button on the wrong position and you will not know if the door is closed or not. Also it has a light on the top so you can see what the device is doing. I will never use this remote again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a couple of weeks now and i have to say it isnt a good phone. i got this as a backup device to my iphone 7, but it does not have the same features. the battery life is bad, and its hard to find a place to charge it. the sound isnt that great either, even though it has an aux port. the iphon battery is soooooo cheap and i can get 3-4 days out of it, but this phone does not compare to the ipod 7. i wish they would make the imeg for iphones instead of this one. i will not be buying this phone again.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from It works! It works great! The only problem is the phone will not connect to my PC.  and this is what the problem is. It wont connect to any computer with a usb port, it just sits there and doesnt respond to anything. i cant figure out what is wrong with it, it doesnt work with my computer, so i think it needs to be rewired. i have another ipod 7 so i am going to give this one a try. -SOURCES-
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for years and it works great. however, when i plugged it in for the first time, i couldn't get it to charge and it had to be returned because it was too big to fit in the port. i had to go and buy another one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 15, 2012  I've bought two of these for a friend of mine. He loves them and they're exactly what I hoped they would be. ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I have owned this product for about a year now and it still works great. I have had to send the device in to have it serviced because the power cord was broken and it's hard to replace. I wish the company had more customers.  I can say this has worked out well for me. It is a simple device and I have been able to make it work with my needs. I had to get it servoed a couple times and it seems to have been a bit of a pain but I'm a pretty handy guy. The servo is really simple and works well. : This product has performed flawlessly for me so far. I am a hobbyist/artist who uses it to control my RC helicopter and has found it a great solution. I highly recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for a couple of years now. its been very reliable. its got great battery life and its pretty good quality. i use this for a very specific purpose, i use it as a wireless usb key fob for my ipod and it works fine. the one thing i dont like about this device is that its only a usb adapter. you cant plug it into a computer or usb hub or anything. it has to be plugged into a wall outlet and it just doesnt seem worth it to me.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: theladyofdoom
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!  I am a former Apple tech and i have had the exact same issues with the original apple keyboard. It was very hard to type on and it was really annoying. I tried the mac keyboard but the keys were all too far apart, so i bought the ipad keyboard. I am a huge fan of ipad. i have the apple keyboard, the ipads are very easy to use and the ipod is just a much better keyboard. So why did apple make such a bad keyboard? The ipad was supposed to be the better keyboard, but it's so frustrating when you need to type a word in the middle of a sentence and your computer doesn't know what word to make! The ipads keyboard is a better keyboard for the price. I'm sure they will come out with a better model but not for the original keyboard! i think this is the last time i buy an ipad  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this to use with a computer monitor that was not working. I got this and after some time and trial and error I realized that it is not working as expected. First off, the screen goes blank. This was very annoying as it was driving me crazy. Then the next day when I plugged it in it started working. Now I have two computers that don't work at the same time and I would recommend this product to no one who doesn't need an external monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an amazing speaker. I can only think of a few things worse than this speaker.  I don't care what anybody says about the sound quality. It's amazing. __________________ "The more you spend, the more you deserve" - Warren Buffett
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month and i've been able to only use it a few times a day and only in the bathroom. i wouldnt use it at all. i was expecting better from a gf, but for the price and the features this is a waste of money. not recommended
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The monitor works well and works great in a small room. The only problem I have is that the monitor does not have an off switch and it constantly goes to the back light when you turn it on and off, which I don't like.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this iphone iphoneste for years. i love the phone and iphonetutorials is awesome. it was the last phone i wanted. i wanted to buy the new iphono phone and i bought this ime and i was soooooo disappointed. the sound quality is horrible. i'm on my phone for almost a month now and its starting to sound really bad. i cant really hear the songs and the phone wont even let me listen to the songs on my own. i also tried to use my ipod dock and my ipad and the ipod wont even connect to the ipad dock. i don't even know what to do with my ipods now. this imei phone sucks. i hate this ibl. i have a new imei iphona and ime but this ibone is sooooooo much better than those two iphones and ies. i hope ime will get the ibl on sale soon so i can use my iphonewatch app to listen to my ipads.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ It is a great product, but I don't understand why it is so expensive. I have tried it twice already, and both times I had to turn it off. I know that this is because it is a USB cable and not a USB power supply, but why should a $20 USB cable cost twice as much as a $60 USB power adapter? Why does it cost so much? I have been using the cable for a week and haven't had any problems. The only negative is that the cable has an adhesive on it that is pretty flimsy. If I can find something better that is as good, then I will definitely purchase this item.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was so slow.  I needed to go back and purchase a new device for this one.    The app has an app store but I am using a pay per use app so that is fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have been using the Bose QuietComfort 25 for almost 2 years now and i think i have a good review. It is the only product that i have found that has been very comfortable to wear and has not been the problem that some other models are. I have worn it for a long time and it has never left my side when i go to sleep or wake up in the morning. It does not rattle or make noise when in use and i do not have to wake up to change the music. Its the only device that has done what i wanted for so long and i have to say it is a good product that will last me a long long time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this was a very good phone. It is fast and works well.  But it did have a problem where if you touch the screen, it makes the phone go bam. �I did not have the problem when I bought it but I still got a replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one has a great picture quality, but when I watch movies on my iPhone I find myself needing the extra screen real estate to look through the subtitles.  The screen is pretty much unusable.    I don't recommend this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I am in the middle of an upgrade to a Sony VAIO Pro 12. The Pro 12 is a great computer but the internal hard drive is awful. It's like someone decided they didn't like my computer and had it replaced with a hard drive. It takes a long time to load programs and sometimes it's just slow. I've spent hundreds on the computer but now I just want a faster one and the drive in the Pro 12 just isn't up to the task. I can't recommend it enough.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is not a good product. This product is extremely loud, has a poor range, and has a terrible user interface. The product does not come with a remote, and even if it did it would not be very good. It would be more of a hassle than a help. This is not the device to use to store and retrieve your personal information. It is a very high end and expensive item. Buyer beware. I like the sound and sound quality is good. But I am very disappointed with this device. It has a really bad remote, which is really bad. If you need to change the settings or have it on mute, the remote is a pain to use. This has got to be the worst device I have ever used.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm a big fan of the Sony Walkman but after a couple of years of owning it I have to say this one is a little flaky. If you don't put your music in it, you can't hear it. I use the music through my computer to play through it as a wireless speaker and it's a great way to enjoy music without a computer. I was able to stream the new Michael Buble album to my Sony Walkmen but it's not exactly a loss for me.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 03, 2015  Very nice product  by John from Los Angeles CA USA  Pros: It's portable, fits easily in a purse, has a rechargeable battery  Cons: Battery life could be better.  a very nice and portable product. I have two, and use them for a lot of my media, both music and movies. I don't use it for podcasts or MP3s, and I never have to use it in the car. If I wanted to listen to my music on a plane, I would have to plug the Walkman into a USB device and use the car audio system. If the battery runs out, the Walkmen will die after a day or so. The battery life is better than most devices but I don�t know that it's worth it. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my mpc for years now, the only reason i gave it 3 stars is because its very hard to connect to my pc with the usb connector and the usb is not even the same type, i had to purchase another, i got this one in the mail and its the same quality as the mpc that i bought a year ago. its nice to have another device to use instead of the mPC.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is horrible and the screen is extremely blurry. I can barely see the icons and I have to use my mouse and keyboard for everything. This is the worst  E-Book I've ever used.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This thing is bad. The display is tiny, it has a bad touchpad, the wireless range is pretty poor and there is a very bad build quality. This thing should not be used as a computer. It's good for making phone calls.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a few months and i havent been able to connect to it. I have 2 samsungs and they werent compatible. i have a Samsung galaxy s5 and a samsung galaxy s3 and they are working just fine. this device does not have a micro usb port so i cant connect my phones. this is really sad because it is a very nice device but it just does not work.  Rated 5 out of 5 by DZB from A good option I bought this as an upgrade from my old tablet. I was really disappointed to find out that it doesn't have a keyboard. I'm used to typing on a keyboard, so I was hoping that I could at least type the letters. I am still having a little trouble, but it's just a matter of getting used to it, not really a big deal. The software is really good. The only thing I don't like is that you have to type a specific key to unlock the screen. This could be really annoying, especially if you want to use the tablet while charging.  and this review is for a newer model which has an integrated keyboard. if you buy the older model, and use it while charging, you can turn it off in the software and then you can use it normally.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm a newbie in e-cigarettes. I'm currently using the Kanger T3. I bought this to replace my old one. I have been smoking for 20 years and am getting a little tired of the nasty taste of regular cigarettes. I like the way they look and feel, I even like the new one better. I just wish they were better. The battery life is terrible. I've been vaping for 2 months now and only get about 4 hours out of it. I wish it had a battery that lasted at least 6 hours. The vapor is terrible and you can't taste the nicotine. The T3 is supposed to be a better option and I think the people who think so are being short sighted. I will be sticking to my Kanger for now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 2 of these. one lasted about 3 months, the other was used on the first day i got it, and the battery was dead by the end of the week. I wouldnt recommend. I had to get a replacement, because i dont have the money to buy a new one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________   I have had my Dell monitor for about a month and a half. The first day I plugged it in, it showed a very faint picture of the time. I checked the settings, and it said it was set for 8:30 AM. I was confused. I tried to get the picture back, but it didn't work. I called the tech support. They told me it would take a couple of days to get a new monitor. After about 2 weeks of trying, the picture went back to 8:00. I told the guy, "I've got an 800 series monitor. If it's the 800 series, it should show up immediately." He told me the 800s can't do that.   When I bought this monitor, I thought it would be a great replacement for my old monitor. It looks good, is very easy to set up, and is so bright. I'm happy that I purchased it, but if Dell won't fix the problem, I will not buy another monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this one for a couple of months now and i can say that it works well for the most part. the problem is that when it runs out of battery it will randomly shut off with the sound of the fan going. i have to reboot it every time it dies. i also have a problem with the charging cord coming loose, and i have no idea what i did wrong, but i can not find it again. i'm hoping the owner has a solution to this problem and i will keep my original cord for the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen was horrible. It was so bright I couldn't see out of the screen. I also had to adjust the brightness to be more appropriate to the room. It's very small and is made for viewing at night and with the screen brightness I had to turn it down to a level that I could still read. I'm looking for something bigger and brighter.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I got this unit a few days ago and after a few minutes of use, my PC is bricked. I have an old PC and i have always trusted Eee. I was very disappointed when I saw this unit had a cracked screen. I had no idea that my unit would be affected by this. The company will only fix the screen. The unit is still not working. I hope this company will find a way to help my unit. I am very disappointed with this company and the quality of products they make. I purchased a defective item. I bought it from a store near me and got it free of charge. The product is not even close to as advertised.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I purchased this monitor for my home theater as a replacement for a Samsung LCD, and it does not meet my expectations. It is very difficult to get good color accuracy, and the brightness range is very narrow. I have been looking for a 24" LED monitor and was very surprised to find the HP model at a good price. The colors are not accurate. I think the monitor is better suited to a larger screen. It should have a better range of brightness. The sound is very bad. The bass is not good at all, and I am very disappointed. The monitor is very heavy, and there is no easy way to adjust it. It's too big to use on a desk, and you have to adjust the height and angle manually.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I've had this device for about a year and it has done nothing but annoy me. If you are on a budget, this is the device for you.  Wish it would just stop. I've had a couple of devices and the battery on this one will only last a day and a half. I would rather pay the extra for a good battery backup battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. the only thing i like about it is the design and how it feels.  2. it has a good battery life, but if you use it for too long it will die  3. the software is confusing  4. it is not waterproof  5. it takes forever to charge up and use  6. it comes with only one battery so you have to buy another one just for this one  7. i think the design is good but i don't like the price  8. i use a lot of bluetooth devices so i think it will break if they make a wireless version  9. i have a Samsung phone but the charging port for the tablet is on the back and not on the side  10. this device should have an SD card slot  11. it's so heavy and bulky  12. the microphone is a pain  13. the battery is not removable  14. this is the second time i bought it  15. i want to use a better bluetooth device   I purchased this bluetooth keyboard after looking at the reviews and seeing how much the keyboard is being used by many people. I found it on amazon and have been using it for about 3 weeks. I can't say if the battery will last forever but it seems to work fine. The keyboard itself is a very nice quality and is definitely sturdy and well made. The keys feel good and the layout is very well done. The only drawback is that the keys don't really feel like they are connected to anything. The touch pad on the right side of the keyboard feels a little bit cheap and the scroll wheel feels a bit cheap. Overall the keyboard seems like it's going to last a long time. I would recommend this product if you are looking for a good, budget bluetooth mouse.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung s4 for a couple of months now. its got the features that most s4 users will appreciate, but the software is horrible. it takes forever to load all the apps. also, the battery life is abysmal, but that is easily solved with an external battery.   i bought the s4 thinking i would be able to use the extra space on my phone, but it's just a big mess. the only thing that saved me from giving up on this device was the fact that my s4 isnt going to get any faster. but i don't think i will be picking one up again   Pros:  • Fastest processor  · Excellent display  ‍ Cons:  (lack of a sd card)  ✓ Poor camera  (battery drain) : 3.5 Stars   I purchased this samsung android phone because it was my first android phone and it came with a full size usb port and a micro sd card slot, which i didnt have. i wanted to buy the samsung galaxy s5 but didnt want to drop a ton of money on a phone that wasnt even that great. this phone is not even worth my time to use it as it is so slow and doesnt run the latest android software. it wasnt as fast as my german phone, and i dont have to deal with the android software because my samsung isnt running android 4.2   so all in all i am very disappointed with this product, i just wish they hadnt rushed out the android 4 and put out the s5. i would have rather had a phone like the s3 which wasnt half as slow. i wish they would of come out with the s2 before the s6.   the only reason i am giving it a 3.0 is because of the good camera. the camera on this phone does work pretty good. if i dont need a good camera i will just use the one that is included and put a micro SD card in it to use my movies and music. but even with a microSD card it is slow and does not load all my apps quickly enough. i dont know if this is a hardware problem or a software problem but it really bothers me to use this phone to play my music and watch my movies. its not a bad phone, i can use it for casual gaming and watching videos, but i can't use it to
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  I bought this product to listen to my music, however after a couple days, the sound is horrible. The volume is way to loud and the bass is way too much. If you are looking for a good sound system this is not the one for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to be my new main computer. I have always been a fan of the Macs, and this was a big step up from my old ones. It was slow to load, and the screens were a little grainy and the computer felt cheap. I also bought a wireless mouse which was a waste of money. I was disappointed in the price. I wish I had gotten the cheaper model instead. I am going to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life on the new Nokia Lumia 1520 is abysmal. This is not because of the Lumia 1510, but it's not even worth mentioning. It's the same old battery that was a great battery, but the 1520 only has a small charge capacity and it's all over. There's nothing more to say other than that it's an awful battery. The camera, which is great for most people, just gets terrible at times. Also, I don't understand how people can take the Lumia 920 as a successor, but not the 1510. The Lumia 15xx is a great device and the Lumia 16xx is great as well. It just doesn't get the respect it deserves.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** This item has the capability of being an electronic toy, but the buttons don't work. The vibration is weak, but it does have a very good sound. The device is very easy to use and you can play it for a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     It doesn't work, and the batteries are dead on arrival.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a very old Dell computer that I bought a long time ago. It is now very old and the screen is extremely bad. It looks like a piece of cardboard or something. The display is just so much less than sharp, I can't even use it to read a book on my iPad. I have been looking for a new laptop or desktop computer and this is the only one I can think of that has a decent screen. The keyboard and the trackpad are also very bad. I was using this laptop for several years and I can never seem to get the keys to work well. This thing is very difficult to use. I am now looking for something else. I will probably get a Chromebook because I am going to be going to college in the next couple of years and it would be nice to have something that I could use at my new school. I can imagine that the keyboard will not be the same.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a little bit expensive for what you get. I was planning on buying a few more, but I am still waiting to hear from them. I have an older model (not the newer one, but the one that came out before the newer model) that works great and I love that it has a battery back-up, which is handy.   But it doesn't have a headphone jack. It has a 3.5mm input, which isn't good. I had bought a Bluetooth speaker to go along with it, and it still isn't working. I also bought a cable to connect it to my car, but they are too short. I need the speaker to be at least 4 ft long to work properly. It still won't connect to the car and I'm sure that if I didn't have that extra cable I would have to get a better car stereo, but it is very frustrating. I'm going to have to wait until they make the headphone jack in the newer models, or I'll have to spend a lot more money to have a proper stereo.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A great device at a very good price, however it was not as expected. The unit has a very low resolution (only 120x64) so I could not print the labels in the exact position.  I tried with the ink cartridge, but the ink is very weak. The pen doesn't have the quality as the printer, but this could be an issue of the ink cartridges.  a bad idea:   The design of the case was good, and the price was very reasonable. , the ink quality was terrible and the cartridges were weak.   I was very satisfied with the device. I purchased a 2nd one for my husband, and it works very well for me. . The printer worked flawlessly. It took a while to get used to the layout, but once I got used to it, it is perfect. The only issue was the cartridge ink. When I used it, the paper became very crumbly. I think I will look into buying some new ink cartridges to get a better ink quality.  " This is a good printer for the price. My wife and I both use it to print the names of the people in our neighborhood, and we are very happy with it. "  " It is a very cheap printer but it does the job well. "
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit has been a complete and total waste of money. I bought it as a backup camera for my laptop. I thought it was a good deal for the price, but I was completely and totally wrong. It takes terrible pictures and takes up too much space. The pictures are grainy, and I have a big HD screen, so this is really noticeable. It is extremely loud, and the screen is so dim that I had to wear my contacts in order to read. I think that there is no other good reason to buy this. It does have some useful features, such as video recording, but the price is just too high for what you get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A very bad design. I bought this in late 2012 and have been very disappointed in its design. It doesn't even work as intended, it's too big and cumbersome.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Eileen  4  Reviewed by:from Fort Collins CO. on 6/4/2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________ I have had this phone for 2 years now, and I have not had a single issue with it. I have also had this device for a year, and have had no problems whatsoever with this phone. I am also on the 3G plan and have used this phone as my main phone for about a year now. I would like to make one note of the fact that the phone does get VERY hot and this is not a bad thing, but it will cause some issues if the phone is in the pocket with you and it gets hot. However, the phone heats up to the point where you cannot use it, it does not feel comfortable to hold and you have to keep moving your hand away from the phone to avoid it burning you. If you have a cold phone it is perfect because you do not have to worry about using it to the phone it will not get hot and it will last longer.  My rating: _______________________________________________ Pros: - The most recent update has fixed the problem with the buttons on the phone not working, making it more comfortable to use - Battery life is great, lasts about 7 hours at a time Cons: - No microSD card slot - No GPS or other wireless capability
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a problem with my first Samsung Galaxy S III and it was resolved quickly. I was expecting the same with the new Samsung Galaxy Note II. I got the phone as a birthday present and I love it. But, it seems that the screen on this phone is a lot darker than the previous Samsung phones. I use the screen with a flashlight and a laptop. The flashlight doesn't work because it's too bright. The screen is also a lot smaller and the keyboard is very hard to type on. Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device (but don't buy it):  My second Samsung phone, the Galaxy Note 10.1, is great. It has everything that I want. The only problem is that the camera sucks and it doesn't have the same screen size. The camera on the Note 10 is very good. I just wish that Samsung would put a microSD card slot. I like to carry my camera with me but I don't like the idea of having to use the included memory card. I also don't understand why the phone isn't waterproof. I will say that I don;t have a problem charging my Note 10 from a computer. The phone will charge very fast. I'm not sure if this is because it is so much larger than the S III, or if it's because it has a micro-USB connector that's more convenient to charge.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am so glad I bought this and I had no problems at all with the device. However, it does not come with any instructions so be sure to read the instructions. The device works just fine and I love that I can watch my favorite shows on my TV while I am at work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** This is a bad device for the money. First of all, it's not a very good camera. I think it has some serious flaws in it. It's very bulky and doesn't have a good viewfinder. Also, the viewfinder is so small that I couldn't see what the pictures were supposed to look like. And you need to use a manual focus lens. The quality of the photos is really low, so you'll have to use the automatic mode. It takes some time to take the pictures, but the pictures come out really bad. If you want a good camera, buy the K-3. But if you want something cheap, and it works, this is it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This is a horrible product. The sound was so bad i would not even let my wife use it because it sounded so awful. The batteries are a joke. You need to buy a good battery charger for this one, and you will have to buy the replacement batteries if you want the sound back. My wife is also having issues with it and we both know the sound is terrible. It is so cheap and made with such cheap plastic it is not worth it. You have been warned.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this about a month ago and after about a week of using it. The screen started to get very bright and the screen became unresponsive to touch, not sure why but it started to do this. I have used it for the last few weeks and haven't had any issues. I would like to know why this was discontinued but it's a good device and it was one of the first that I bought when I got my ebay account. I'm hoping that they can bring it back to the original design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a class in the middle of August and just a few days later it failed on me. I would have rather been charged by my own cell phone charger. If I had known I had to return it I would never have bought this. I am so disappointed in this purchase. I received my order today and the quality of the product was excellent! I have bought a number of the items and have been very happy with the quality and speed of delivery! Thank you so much! I have bought many items from this website and I cannot complain one bit! I will continue to buy from you and recommend this website to all my friends! Great service - quick delivery - great products I bought the digital watch and was amazed at the quality. I received it in 2 days. The watch was well packed, the box was well padded and protected, the packaging was very sturdy and the watch looked just like it's picture. The service was good. I have a question about the watch and received the answer very quickly. I will be buying from you again. A must for any home and office. The time is great and very accurate. The screen is large enough to view the watch at a distance without the need to turn your head to see the time. I also bought a set of extra batteries for the watch, and they work well. I recommend this watch. Very pleased! I bought my timepiece a few months ago. I was very pleased with the time and the accuracy of the time being displayed. I'm very pleased to see that the timepiece will be coming in the mail as well. Great job, you guys! Fantastic watch I am very impressed with this watch and would recommend it to anyone. It is very well made and very durable. I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "There are two kinds of people in the world: those who will change the world and those who won't."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to buy an s7 edge for a while now but its always broken within a month or two and it doesn't even come with the screen protector. I bought the s7 Edge as an alternative to my nexus 6p, it is better in almost every way. The only reason i give it 2 stars is that it doesnt come with a screen protector and theres no reason to buy it from google at this price, unless you want the screen protectors which are extremely expensive. If you want a very good device for the price, i recommend the samsung s7.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  I bought this device to replace a old one that I still have. It does not have a display screen, it has no audio and no built in speakers. It has a remote control and the remote is not great. The buttons are not easy to press and there are a lot of different settings and things you can't control like the video and picture quality, etc. Overall I'm disappointed and wish they would just make this device a lot better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for a couple of months now and i am very disappointed in the quality of the product. the display has been cracked in half several times and has lost the connection between the screen and the housing. the screen also seems to be very unstable. it seems to flip back and forth quite easily. this is the second time i have had this issue. i will never purchase from this company again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Amazing device I have had the XO for 2 weeks now. I can honestly say this is one of the best portable speakers I have used. I do wish that the remote was more sensitive to the sound being played but its a small price to pay for the sound quality. 's good for a lot of reasons...it's a good value, it's compact, it has a very good sound and it can be set to a particular frequency or volume.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my macbook pro for a few months now, i bought it for my son to play with on the computer, its fine for a kid, i think i got a lemon from apple, but i would never buy it again, i got an apple laptop, and i'm not sure i'll buy the macbook again. i am very happy with my mac laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to replace my old bluetooth speaker for a while and have been looking for a good bluetooth device. this one works well, the remote works, the speakers are good but a little loud for my taste and the remote is not a real remote, it does not have a button to turn it on or off, i tried using a usb mouse and the bluetooth is really poor. i have to keep turning it on and off. i also bought a set of earphones and have had no problems with them but the bluetop just doesn't have the volume that i need. overall i would give it 3 stars but it just doesn'...Read complete review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for about 3 months now. ive been using it on my desktop for over 3 years. ived a couple of times because the power button got stuck. ve had it serviced several times and it still has the same issue. it's the same exact problem. the button keeps getting stuck on the screen and i have to disconnect the power from the unit. this is the third time this has happened. so far i have been able to fix it by unplugging the power cable but it still happens. so if your in need of an extra desktop, this is not the unit for you.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Ddouglas from I have had this computer for about 5 years. The power supply will only power the monitor. I have been told by a local repair man that they have never seen a computer like this before. It does not have an AC plug or any way to power it off. The computer is only good for one hour of use. This is unacceptable. , I am a software developer, and a long time fan of Linux and Ubuntu. After installing the computer and using it for a while, I ran into the exact same problem. The monitor power switch has no power. The unit has a USB cable, and you have to plug the USB into the power jack. This makes no sense, but it's the only way to get power. Bought this unit to replace a damaged monitor from a different company, and the unit works well. But I had to take the monitor off to install the new monitor, and when I put it back on, the monitor power button was not functional. It was very hard to press, and didn't work at all. So I had the unit shipped back to them. After a week, I still haven't heard anything from them, and I'm having trouble getting the monitor to boot. It's also a shame that they don't have a proper warranty, since I'm going to be spending a lot of money on a computer with this problem. I also would not recommend this product to anyone. It needs to be made right. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my old laptop for over 5 years now and the touch pad has lost its touch. i have used it for work and at home, and every time I use it for either i have to use my mouse. this laptop is so far from being a gaming computer, i use it more for web browsing and email. its nice to be able to use the touchpad, but the keyboard has lost the tactile feel, and now i have the problem of it constantly turning over when i'm doing typing. so overall its a good computer, but you really need to get a new touch pad.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This is a Great Computer This computer is really well built. The specs are great. The graphics are not as good as an i7 but it is still a good machine. The keyboard is really nice. I have a laptop from the same manufacturer and the only difference is the screen is smaller and the battery life is a lot better. I bought the computer to replace my i5 with a new one but this one is more powerful and has more storage.  and the price is amazing  The best laptop for gaming.  "The most powerful gaming laptop in the world." "This is a great laptop for the price."  "Awesome machine. I love the touch screen and I can play games with it on a tv. I've had the same laptop for years and it never let me down. I don't see myself replacing it anytime soon. This is my second one."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 sony mxs and 3 mx1's. the mxs are really nice, the best ive seen so far, the mx's are just as good if not better. but, the sony sound is so good, i bought one to replace my iphone 5 which is not that great but for the price, its good enough, but im really not going to buy another one as it is pretty much the same thing as the 5, the only thing it is missing is the earbuds. so that sucks. my only gripe is the samsungs are a bit smaller than the mxes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPad is one of the worst iDevices ever made. I have owned the original iPad 2 (with WiFi) for 3 years and the battery life has gotten worse. It's like every time I use it it drains my battery by 30% and if i do a hard reset or turn off and on the screen goes white for about 5 seconds. The screen is also quite warm. I also have a Droid Razr which has a better battery life and I do not have to deal with battery issues as much as the iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new ipad and i found that the screen is bad! it is very hard to see what is going on on the screen, it is so bad that the apple logo is very difficult to see and even when i was looking at it on a sunny day, it still didnt register on my screen.  if you buy this ipad, you should look at buying an apple one, i got mine for $40.00 and i will never use this one again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is my third time buying the same device for me to do nothing. I had the same problems as you and the battery was getting low. I bought this one to replace my old one that got stuck in a wall. The first one I got broke and I had to buy a new one. This one, on the other hand, I am glad I bought. I was able to charge the battery on my first attempt. I got it to charge up, and then I used the charger I got with it to get it to boot. This thing took about 5 hours and it did boot up. I just wish it would start faster. The other thing I don't like is the fact that there are no options for different speeds and I am stuck with what the manual calls a "mixed" mode. I have a 2.5 amp wall adapter and this thing only has 1 amp. I am not sure if this is an issue or if this thing will work in my home environment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5. I have had my iphones for a couple years now and they are the best phones I have ever owned. I had a Samsung Galaxy S4 with a good battery life. I was so excited to get the 5 when I got my order in but the screen was not as bright as my Samsung. It is now a week after I got the phone and I have a dead phone. The phone itself is fine, but the battery is almost completely dead. It can only be used for about 2 hours before it starts to drain and the screen turns off. I am really upset because I have never had this problem with my Samsungs. I'm hoping that they fix this problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am very disappointed with this product. The first time I opened the package, I was very disappointed, because the USB cable and battery were not in good condition. The usb cable was not plugged in and the battery had a broken battery contact. I had to get the warranty manager to call Samsung and tell them I will not be getting a replacement. I will never purchase anything from Samsung. They make the best products and this one was not good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was so excited to buy this device when I found it on the market.   The unit came with a ton of accessories and a good user manual.  The user manual was a little vague, but it explained everything I needed to know about the unit.  However, once the unit was plugged in and turned on, the light would come on for no apparent reason, then go off for no reason, and would turn back on for the next 30 minutes or so.  I turned the unit off and on several times with no success.  So the light is on, but no one has ever been able to hear it, even when plugged into a power outlet.  This is extremely frustrating as I really wanted this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ I bought this as an addition to my wife's iphone. I have been using it for about a month and a half. I just got it today and i can't say it's a good buy. I thought it was very high quality. The only thing that made me mad is the fact that the earbuds would not stay in my ear. The earbud would fall out and i couldn't replace it with my own. The one thing I did like was that it is made in the USA. I guess i am just a poor buyer, but i will try to return it and get another one. If i can find another good one i will buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ My iPhone 4s has been broken for about 2 months. I bought this for my husband who has had a couple of iPhones in the past. It is very sturdy and holds up very well. But I wish I had gotten the one that came with the iPhone 4S. It's too big. It was the same size as the iPhone 3GS and it would not fit. The battery was still good, but the charger was not.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gps-a-c for 2 days now. it works fine but the gpu is very weak. if you want a gpu with more ram then buy a new one. i bought this one because it looked good, had good features and it seemed like it would be better than the other gps that i had. i did find out after i installed it that the gpi is very unstable and its gpu wont even run the new gps driver. i had to take it out and return it. its not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It took two weeks to get my new iPad. After waiting I received it. I opened it up and it was not a case, it was a battery case. I was very disappointed and it took me a month to find a replacement for my $249.00 iPad. It is a great iPad, it has a lot of nice features and is very nice. I will be replacing it.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my mother as a present for her birthday. The device has a nice feel to it and the battery is a nice size. But, it is so small that it is difficult to plug in to charge (there is no cord to plug into the wall). I tried to get it to charge, but there is no way to connect the charger with the device. I also found that the device gets really hot after charging. It's hard to use on a hot day. I am considering getting a larger one and replacing this one with it, but I'm not sure it will be worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this for about a month and so far I'm very happy with it. The only problem I have is that when it starts to vibrate I think it's malfunctioning. The vibrator is a bit too powerful, and I'm afraid it may damage the unit. I have a small clitoris and it is difficult to have a full sensation. Also the device can get a bit hot. Overall, I would recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month now and it works ok. but i dont have the patience to wait 3 days for a replacement to be shipped. i will not buy another one of these.  I have a new device with a very bad design flaw. The metal parts have a hard time staying together. So it will break off easily. The button is very small, the buttons are all the same size and they feel like the plastic parts are very soft, which makes it hard to push the button. There are no labels or any type of information about what the different buttons do, so if you get the wrong one, you have no idea what you are doing, even with all the instructions. The buttons are very close together, and the design is very awkward. I will never buy this product again. The other reviewers are correct that the buttons do not feel like they are made well. I have had this problem with other electronic devices in the past, but the problem is not the design of the device but the device itself. ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife got a Kindle. I was excited. It's an e-reader. It's a big device, like a small phone. The battery is good. It can last a long time. But it's very slow. It goes from zero to 60 in about three seconds. It won't even turn on. I'm going to return it. I'd give 5 stars but it can't even get a connection to my wifi.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s was a disappointment iphones 6/6 plus is terrible iphons 5/5 is still great but it needs to get the screen out the way when I need it iphonelove was great in my opinion iphos 5 is a good phone for the price and the fact that it works perfectly for the majority of people iphony is great for it's price iphonessy is a decent phone but not worth the price ics is very good but not for the money iphotune is a great phone but it just needs to add a micro SD card slot
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the  CAD program and the software. The program was great. However, the user interface is very ugly. It is difficult to understand what is happening at times. I would not buy this again. I purchased this product because I needed to design my own house. I am very satisfied with the results. I wish I could rate this product 10 stars but the interface could be improved.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________, I had this product for a month and it was so bad that I couldn't use it. The touch pad was broken. The button on the back was so sensitive it would vibrate my leg when I tried to press it. My husband's new wireless keyboard is great but I'm just going to go back to the keyboard that came with my new iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------The first time I got this phone I was so excited because I was thinking this would be a great phone for a small price. I thought this would work as a mini PC. I was wrong. I put it together and it worked, but there was no way to do anything with it. I had to use a micro USB cable and plug it in, but that didn't work. I tried a USB cable that I bought from a different retailer, but it still didn't connect. The screen was bad and the screen was cracked. The phone itself is a pretty good phone. It was good to hold in my hand, it's slim and light and the display was good. The battery lasted about a month and then died after a few months of regular use. I have a couple more phones that I like and this one was a waste of my money.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ The cable for the receiver/receiver is terrible. It broke within a week of owning it. The receiver works fine when paired with the speaker. But, when the battery is depleted, the sound quality deteriorates quickly. This is a good product. I will never buy another.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have been using this for over a year and have had very little problems with it. I bought a new one, just to be sure, but when I got it, it was broken. The first time I tried to plug it in, the cord just broke off. I was able to use it until I got another cord, but then, the battery died. The next day, I was on the road, I plugged it in and it worked fine until I was about to get off the interstate. I plugged the cord back in, but I got an alert that the battery was about low. I took it into the shop and the man was nice enough to plug in the battery in again, but the battery did not work. I finally decided to go with the other cord because the cord was a little more expensive and he gave me a warranty and free shipping. I did get the battery for free though! Overall, I would not recommend this. It would be great if the cord would just break off.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from My most used I've been using the Z-Wave switch for years. I just bought this new one for my wife. The battery is the best ever and the price is right. It is a must have if you want to have it in all rooms. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this device because I wanted an alternative to my Apple computer.  When it arrived it took 3 hours to get it up and running because the software is horrible.  The software is a nightmare.   The first thing it does is make a hard drive on the computer (I don't know why it needs to make a drive in the computer)    This is a total pain in the butt.  It has to be set up before it can even start to boot up.  This also causes a lot of problems if the computer is on the same network as the phone.  I am sure it can be made to work but not without a complete rewrite of the software.  The phone will not turn on and if you turn it on it takes 3 minutes to load and it can't even find the phone if you don't have a SIM card.      I'm a pretty technical person and it takes me a week to figure out why this thing won't even turn on.  And the last thing is that the software that comes on the phone is terrible and if I want to do anything on the device it is extremely difficult.  If you buy this phone buy the software, the phone will work, it just takes a long time to get started. Overall, it is a very good product, I just wish that Apple would make the software more user friendly and the hardware would be better.  Also, I would suggest the software be updated to be a little bit more intuitive and that the phone be charged more often. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________  I bought a samsung device, but my problem is it does not work with any kind of wireless internet. The internet is always a problem and my wireless signal is a lot lower than normal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The best thing is it works and is simple. I have to be a computer person but it works for me and has saved me so much money. I am so glad to have found it.  .  by Michael A. on 01/26/2016 byon 01/25/2016 " After reading a lot of negative reviews about the electronic clock and getting this one I am glad I did. It works great. It is simple to use and the batteries last for a long time. This was my first electronic clock I have purchased and the product works great, I will definitely recommend to my friends.  " by M.J. on 12/22/2015 byon 12/21/2015 " I bought this one because it looked a little different from the others on Amazon. This one is not so black and is much smaller. I like that it is on the left side of my bed. My only complaint is that it seems to be less reliable than the others. It does have a little issue with it getting hot during the summer months, but it is a good alternative to a computer.  The clock is easy to set up and set the time and date. It has a battery back-up too. I use mine in my bedroom and my husband and I both like it. It's not the prettiest clock but I love it. In Summary:  Pros: , The clock has a built in clock, alarm clock, and digital display. It also has a keypad for your favorite apps like Facebook, Whatsapp, and Skype.  (Read full review)  Cons: . It takes a while to set the clock up because the display is not very easy to see. . Battery life is not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use on my iphone, it works well, but it doesn't play music, and you have to pay for it to play music. I have a iphones and I was hoping it would be like that but it is a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The worst electronic device I have ever bought. I bought it because I was on a budget, but this thing will not stay in one place, it gets loose and gets damaged. I've had to buy a new one every time I use it. The battery lasts for less than 3 hours and the charging case is terrible. The charger will not work, it doesn't have a built in light and the cord is very flimsy and does not come with a plug. I am so disappointed in this item, it will not last a year and I'm out more than $100 on this thing. I will never buy this item again and will be looking for a different product. I also purchased a battery for it and it is also the worst battery ever. I have to buy another brand and new case for this battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the second phone I bought from Ting. The first one had a big problem with the screen being completely black, but it had the best warranty I ever got. The second one came with a few bugs and a weird design. I was very disappointed in that phone, but I gave it another chance. I had the same issue with this one. I did not like the sound when it was on vibrate mode. I also had problems with the charging system. I'm pretty sure that if it had a good battery, this would be the best phone out there. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of the phone's performance. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my nx100 for almost 2 years and i cant stand the battery life at all the video and music just get so loud the microphone isnt loud enough and the buttons on the camera get stuck at all times and the battery hasnt lasted more than 2-3 hours at a time and they are really expensive for what they are. i want my money back but i just dont see any way to return them as they are the only ones that dont have any bugs in them at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't play music, and has a terrible speaker system.  The screen doesn't work and you can't turn it on.    I had to buy a new keyboard to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - December 9, 2016 Very disapointed - March 11, 2016 I ordered this for a special event. I did not expect to be disappointed. I have used this for over 3 years and have yet to find anything that compares. I will be looking at other brands. I wish they would bring back the original box and make it easy to change the batteries. - March 4, 2016 Nice, but too expensive for what you get - February 16, 2016 This is a great product. It is very sturdy, is easy to use and the price is very good. However, I have a feeling that this will be discontinued by the end of the year and I don't want to have to pay $300+ for a product that doesn't work very well. The only reason I am giving this product 3 stars is that I would prefer that the batteries could be replaced and I could just buy a new one if I decide to return it. - January 9, 2017 Excellent product, but a very large price tag - January 8, 2017 Great device, but pricey.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Batteries For The G&G M4 RIS Carbine Airsoft AEG RAS (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike website. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! , a premium, high-quality, high capacity rechargeable Li-Polymer battery for M4 type rifles. With a nominal capacity of 2000mAh, this battery can provide up to 15 hours of continuous shooting on a single charge.  a premium high-grade, high quality Li-polymer battery that provides up to 3,600mAh of continuous discharge on a flat discharge rate. The high capacity of this battery will allow you to easily power through multiple battery changes, or a full recharging in under 2 hours.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first time using a wireless keyboard. I have had other wireless keyboards, but they have been old and broken, and the keys are too far away to type on. I thought that the bluetooth connection would be easy to set up, but it is a bit difficult. It's very important to set it up right and to remember to connect it to a device before the device is connected. The problem is that if you turn off your computer or disconnect the battery, it will not recognize it as a keyboard. It will just show up as a mouse. It is annoying, but there is nothing I can do about it. The bluetooth function is very useful for me, but I think it is best suited for a laptop. I am going to try to get a wireless mouse from another vendor, because this one is just not good enough for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I received this as a Christmas gift. It's a cheap, plastic, ugly, broken-ass TV remote control that doesn't work. My husband bought this as an alternative to buying a TV remote which he hated. He's been using this one for a few days and he says it's really fun to use, but it's definitely not worth the money. I'll give it 5 stars because the price is very good. I don't recommend this product at all. It doesn't look as good as a TV Remote. It does the job, but you'll be better off with the cheaper TV remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the G3 because it was the first phone I have ever owned that I really liked. I bought this one because I thought it would work better than the other two, but it does not. I'm not even going to go into the technical problems (it's not very well designed, the buttons don't have the clicky feeling of a good button, and it just doesn't look good). The camera is useless and the speaker is awful. This is a really bad device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************  This is a terrible product. The batteries are not rechargeable. I can not get a full charge, and the batteries last a little while, but not a lot. The remote does not work and you need to get a new one. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This product is so bad that I don't know how anyone could have used it to send an email to a colleague without getting hacked or hacked themselves. First, the screen is too small for an email address. It would be fine if the screen were bigger but the buttons and keyboard are too small to actually use for typing. Second, the keyboard is so small that you can't even see it when you type. This is a problem because you have to use a program called Mailvelope to send email to someone, because it has to be small enough to see when you are typing. If you don't, then the person will see you typing with the keyboard and it will look like you are doing it with a small pen. If it looks like you're using a small stylus, then it won't look professional. Third, the computer is so big and ugly that if you have any money, you shouldn't buy it. I have bought two computers, one of which is a laptop that is much more expensive and better looking than the other. I bought the other one because it had more memory, more storage space, more ports, and it was about $500 less. I tried it for a week and now I can't use it because the screen doesn't work. I am really mad because I am sure the keyboard would work well but this is a complete waste of my money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jc from Best product for home use. I was on the fence about buying this device for home because of the price but was convinced to buy it because of all the positive reviews. I purchased this with my brother who has been doing a lot of web based work. The only problem we had was that we didn't have enough time to fully test the machine so I would say that if your a web based worker that you should probably buy one of these devices. It's a good size for a desktop but still has enough space to store documents, papers, etc. This machine does have an Ethernet port on the back but that is all it's good for. If your looking for a good computer with a good price this is the one for you.  of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPhone 5c is a bad product. The screen is horrible.  It is the same as the original 5c.    The headphone jack is the worst of all.  The speaker is loud as hell and has terrible quality.  I have a nice sounding pair of Beats that are way better.  This phone is a joke.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a lp, i have used it a lot, its not very good at all. i have tried a lot of cables and they all broke on me. i tried to use a ppp and it broke. I can't recommend this thing. i wouldnt buy it if i had the money. i am now thinking about getting a new one of the ppp cables.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************I just bought my Samsung Galaxy S8 and the first thing I did was plug it into my laptop so I could use my favorite apps and the screen was amazing! I didn't expect it to be this bad. It's really hard to get anything done on it. I was using my Samsung keyboard with it but it doesn't feel right. The back buttons are way too small. The track pad is horrible! I'm sure they're trying to make the best of a bad situation but the track pad was so mushy and hard to click and it would lag when I did. The keyboard is not backlit but the screen is. The only good thing about it is that the battery lasted almost a week!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it didn't work for me.  I bought it to have a good phone but it is way too slow for my needs.    If you can, buy the   iPhone 5c and a small battery to replace the 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I received the new Samsung Galaxy Note 4 about a month ago. It's great! It's a pretty great device and it's extremely easy to use. It does everything I want it to do. I love the phone's size, battery life, display and camera. It just doesn't have the specs of a high end smartphone, but it's a great device for the price. It has the latest version of Android, which is a great thing. However, the screen is awful. The screen quality is terrible. It is so bad that I could not tell the difference between an LCD screen and an AMOLED screen. I can't even tell the screen from a Samsung screen on my LG G3. I bought a replacement for my old one and I can tell you this thing is a lot more like an AMOD display. The colors look very washed out and the screen just doesn�t have the brightness to be a great display. It�s not even bright enough for a good night�s sleep. My old Samsung phone had a screen like this and the only reason I gave it up was because it was a pretty decent phone. I guess I'm just disappointed that Samsung decided to make a device that doesn't match its specs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  This thing is crap, just plain crappy. I paid a lot for this, and then I find out I have to buy the battery separately, not the included one. The buttons are all flimsy and can easily be lost and you can't easily use the remote. I had to use a screwdriver to turn it on and off. There are some cool features on the remote, but I still wouldn't buy it again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 19, 2010  Very Impressive Review by Mark. (Posted on 2/17/10) Customer rating: Performance  Value  Quality This is a great product. I used it to take my grandson to the dentist and he was very impressed. It has worked flawlessly. The only problem I had with the product was that it has not come with a USB charging cable. I did find this one at WalMart. (The one pictured is different from the one I purchased.)  I will be using this product for years to come. ,  Mark  was this review helpful to you?: Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this a few months ago for my daughter to play with. She doesn't like playing with them because they're heavy and she keeps knocking them over, even when I hold them at arm's length. However, the games that they're compatible with, and the amount of money you save with the $9.99 price tag, is worth the hassle.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my new apple ipod 2 for about a month now and it has only been used 2 times, one time to listen to the radio and the other time to make a video on my ipod, the only reason i got it was because of it's good sound quality, but that wasnt the reason i bought it, the reason I bought it was so i could watch my tv shows on my iphone but since i can't watch tv shows and my ipods doesnt play my videos properly it has not been a good investment, i will be selling it as soon as i get rid of it, i really want to be able to stream my movies on the ipod but since this ipod wont play my movies it wont be able for me to do that, I have read some reviews and i found out that it is possible to play ipods movies but only if you buy the blu ray version, if you want to use the ipods media player, its not really worth it, and its not even worth paying more than $200 for a single ipod  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nakamod
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I really like this gadget, I really do, but I had to get a new one because it broke the first time I used it. The first time it happened, I called the company to complain and the person that answered the phone said that I should buy a new gadget because they only had 2 of them in stock. I bought it anyway and the first one broke right away, it's supposed to be made of the highest quality but that's just not the case. The new one came out and it's even worse. I have a Samsung S6 and the phone has a screen protector, this one doesn't. I've tried to use it as much as I could but the screen keeps breaking and I'm sure I will have to get another one before long. If you're thinking about buying this gadget I'd say get it and leave it at home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I purchased the S-MOSAIC 2 for my Sennheiser HD 558. After a few months the unit failed. The earbuds were working fine. I had the earbud connector cable from the original unit. The connector cable that came with the new unit was bad. I contacted Senn and they were very helpful, I sent them the connector and they replaced the cable. The replacement worked fine. Now the earphones have stopped working. The original unit worked fine, I have had no problems with them. I will not recommend the Senn S-MACS 2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a few months and have had no problems but theres a big problem with the touch screen and theres not a lot of features but its a good phone with a decent screen for the price.   Is this review helpful? Thanks for your feedback!  i bought this phone to replace my old android phone that died of battery
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 but it's not good for my needs. The S3 is not fast, has bad camera, can't send photos to my friends, the battery drain is insane.   I think I can live without the S3. I can't live without my iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1/2/2012  I purchased this device because I wanted a backup of my existing backup camera. I bought it because the only backup camera I had was an old Nikon F-801 with a hard drive that had been broken by the previous owner. This is a great camera and I'm very happy with it. But, I have a problem with the built in lens, it does not take sharp pictures. I've used it on a tripod a couple of times now, and the pictures are blurry at best. But the main problem is the build in lens. The lens is so small and the image quality is so bad, I'm not going to be able to use this camera in a professional setting. The image quality could be better if it was made of better material but I think it is a nice camera for the price and I would buy it again.  The Verdict: ____________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Apple iBook G4, which I purchased because of the new and improved iBook. The display quality is very good, but the screen is very sensitive to light and there is no way to dim it when it is very bright. The new iBook displays much better and has a backlight for the backlight, but I would like to have a back light for the front light. It has also been noted that the iBook has a hard time with books, especially ones written on paper. This is not a bad thing, but it is noticeable. It also has been noted by some that the battery life on this particular model of iBook is much longer than other iBooks. This particular iBook only lasted about 3 hours before needing to be recharged. The only saving grace of this iBook was the back light which allows for the illumination of the back of the books. The light does not come on when you are typing, but you can see the screen and other information through the light. The battery is also rated for 10 hours of battery life. The one thing I would change about the ibook is that I would get a color screen and not have a black screen. The screen is still a little dim and it is hard to read when the brightness is turned up to maximum. I would also like to see a larger screen, as this ibook does not hold up very well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for two weeks now and the battery is dead. i'm not complaining but when you pay for a product and it does not work it makes you question the whole company and how you can get something that does not last that long for that amount of money. i dont like this product but it does what it's supposed to do but i do not want to give it a negative rating cause i love my smart phone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 24, 2012  Good value for money  by Michael from South Carolina USA  Pros: Great for the price  Cons: Very small  Review: I have a Samsung S4 mini. This was perfect for my little girl. It's compact, easy to charge and the audio was great! She loved playing with it. She loves to watch videos. I am very happy with the purchase.  to be continued...  Follow-Up: My daughter has now moved on to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and is using her phone much more now. I still have my original S4 and I like it better. -Michael  From: Seattle, WA, USA , on 07/22/2012  Value: Quality  Service: Very nice  Overall: The Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 works just fine. I use mine for a few of my family members, and they love it. I wish the battery lasted longer though. .  is the  and  is theandis the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After using this for a couple weeks I can say it is a very good speaker, but not as good as the original Triton. I am still happy with my purchase though, and the only reason I gave it two stars is because I was expecting more out of it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's good for what it is but for what I wanted to use it for it is awful. I bought the e-reader and when I read for a while I found the screen very bright and easy to read. Then it started giving me errors like page turns going too fast and page turns not going at all. I thought it was just my device and I bought a new one that had a better screen but the errors are the same. I'm very disappointed and would never recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a very good keyboard, but it's a joke to buy it with a cheap price. The quality of the keyboard is so bad, you can see it on the pictures. The plastic housing breaks easily and it is very easy to lose the keyboard and keys. This keyboard will break in no time, so buy a decent one and not a cheap one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked but it was the worst electronic device I've ever owned.  I bought it for my son's 10th birthday party.  The computer has a lot of features but the screen is very small and you have to use a laptop to use it.  It also has the ability to play some music but the sound is very bad.   It is very difficult to program the computer because you have no way to control the computer from your phone or tablet.  I'm going to give it 2 stars because it does have some features.  But for a birthday present for a 10 year old, I would not recommend it. 5 out of 5 Good value I use my ipod a lot. The only thing I wish it had was a micro SD card slot to add more songs. The sound quality is good. 3 out of 3 found this review helpful The iPod touch is a good music player for the price, but there are a few issues with it. The first issue is the battery. It only lasts about 3 days. The second issue is that the iPod touch doesn't come with a charging cord.  One reviewer stated that it only takes a little longer to charge, but in my case, it took 3 hours and 45 minutes.  This is a little disappointing because the battery life is really short for a $200 device. I purchased the ipod touch from my local Apple store and it was a good deal, but I don't think it's worth the money over a $100 device. 4 out of 4 found this reviewed helpful Great product for the money, but... I have been using my ipad 4s for a year, and it has always worked great. So I bought the ipad touch and I am very impressed with it so far. I like the screen and the music player. I haven't tried the camera yet, but it seems to be pretty decent. I also like the ability of the touch to navigate my apps and the ability for my kids to see pictures and videos. So far it's working great. The main issue is with the battery, I can't get more than 3 days out of it, even after charging it at night and before I go to bed. The touch is great, but if you can get more time out of the battery it is worth the purchase. 1 out of 1 found this reviews helpful Great but bad camera I have only had the ipads for a couple of days now but
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The new iPhone is a great phone, but it's a bit difficult to operate. The buttons are all slightly different, and the camera is a bit glitchy. Also, the phone is a little bit slow to start up.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device :  I'm still learning the new iPhones, but I am really impressed. The software is great, and there are a lot of good features. I have an iPad, but this phone has much more functions.  I also love that it's more affordable than the iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This is a wonderful product, but it does have some limitations.   - It is really hard to control the volume and brightness in my unit. It is almost impossible to adjust the volume, even after changing the unit's settings. I have to use the volume buttons on the front panel to do it.   "The sound is good enough, but the controls are useless."  - The volume control is really tough to use in my opinion. I use it to control my television, but sometimes when I use the unit to adjust my volume in the middle of a movie, it won't go any lower. I guess you have to press the button really hard for it to go lower.  "I really liked the sound, but I have a cheap TV and my TV sound is much better." . I bought the sound bar for my TV, but my TV is a cheap model and the sound is terrible. I will not be using this product again.     "The sound bar is good, but there is no way to adjust it."  The sound bar has a volume adjustment knob on the side of it. You just have to twist it around to turn it. I like the sound of the soundbar. I just wish that the knob could be adjusted to a smaller diameter. This is a problem with many of the units that you can buy.   I would have given this product a 4, but that is only because I have two other units that sound much better. The one I got had an annoying humming sound that was so annoying that I threw it out. I would not buy this one again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This is the best laptop I have ever had! The design is amazing, the battery life is amazing and it runs very smoothly. I bought this laptop a couple of years ago, but now I have been using it for almost 4 years. I have had it in all the places I wanted it and it has never failed me! The only negative thing I can say is the screen is a little grainy but I don't expect much and it doesn't affect my use of the laptop.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 11, 2016  Bought this to replace my Dell XPS 15 laptop  by A Customer from St. George AZ USA  Pros: Compact and light, great screen  Cons: Screen doesn't turn off  Review: Great little laptop, runs smoothly, small, lightweight and portable.  (P.S. I also bought a Dell xps 15 for about the same price.)  Would buy again.    Was This Review Helpful? Yes Yes Monday, March 23, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********************   I purchased this item for my father in law for Christmas. He uses the tv on a daily basis. He is very picky about the quality of tv's. I have had several of these in the past and they always break in less than a year. He has had one since I purchased it and it has been very good. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the remote is not great. I can never seem to get it to work right. I don't know if it's the remote or the TV. It would have been better if it was easier to get to the settings. If you need to change the channel or volume it's difficult. The remote has to be held down and held for 3 seconds for it to respond.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second one I have had that does not work well.  The first one died in less than 3 months, the second was a few months and the new one is now dead too.    It is not as bad as some, but I was a very long time loyal user to the Apple iphone and iphones and it really hurts when they just give up on you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My new Sony MDR-XB700 is very sensitive to audio noise. I was listening to my Sony D5100 and my music was crystal clear. The XB700 started to distort when the noise level got above about 85 decibels. It stopped altogether about 40 decibes above this point. I could not get the sound to return to its previous level. The distortion was worse at high frequencies than low ones. It did not affect the sound as much as I expected it to. I am very disappointed in Sony. I will be buying a different brand from now on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device itself is a good one, and the only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because of the design of the unit.  When it's working correctly it is easy to set up and works great.    But   When it's not working, it's very unreliable and doesn't seem to be able to repair itself.  This is a great little thing for those who have a little too much money and don't need much functionality.  My only suggestion is that the unit should have a built in battery, like an external battery that plugs into a wall outlet. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace a broken iPad that had lost battery and was a complete dud. I have to replace it every few months.   The tablet's display is terrible.  I have the same problem with my old iPad and it doesn't have the issues I have with this tablet.  This tablet is a total waste of money and should not be purchased. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to get a wireless keyboard and mouse to work since the very beginning, it is now almost a year and a half and nothing is working. i have the latest macbook pro and a macbook air and my mouse and keyboard both work just fine. i also have the wired version of the keyboard, but i dont see it working either, maybe theyre using an older usb cable? i had to buy a new keyboard and i have since got another keyboard that works, so its not a total loss. i would like to buy the wireless one but i can't find it anywhere... i would love to get this keyboard as i like the feel of it but i cant find it at the moment, so i guess i will keep looking until i find it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the most expensive monitor I have ever bought. This was my first time buying an AppleTV and after reading a few reviews about the quality, I decided to get the LG for $99.   The monitor itself is very nice and I am very happy with it.  I like that the back light is dimmable, but I would have liked a little more brightness on the screen.  The built in stand is very sturdy and the AppleTV is really comfortable to use.  It is so nice to have a TV in the living room and not have to have my iPad or iPhone nearby. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had a problem with my Samsung tablet. I was using a laptop on the airplane so I couldn't do a lot of reading. The tablet got hot while the laptop was doing the same, but I didn't feel like using my phone to take notes. I tried putting the tablet on a different table, and it didn't work well. I used it on the computer, and then it got too hot. I couldn�t get it to shut down. I ended up having to put it back on the laptop and read the paper while it ran. I wouldn�t recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________   I bought the Apple iphone 3g last year, and I'm very disappointed with it. It has a good keyboard, but the screen is horrible. When I open a song on the iphony and it's the same size as the last version, I think it's a problem with the processor. It's so tiny that I have to keep the phone in my back pocket, because the screen makes it hard to use it. Also, the battery is not very good, and there's not enough space for my songs and videos. I also got a iphonomy 2 and it does everything the ipp does, except that it has an integrated screen, so I think the processor is the problem, not the processor alone. Also it's really hard to read a text with the ipl screen.   The problem is that I bought the iplexer, which makes a great speakerphone. I think I can do my calls fine, but when I try to listen to a podcast, it's just a noise. It is too bad, because I thought this phone would be great. I really wanted to buy this iphones because it's very cheap, and it comes with a great keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- It works but there is a very poor quality control on the production line, the connectors for the power cord and other parts are very poor, if you do not care for the quality then don't buy it, I bought it a year ago and have been through many problems with it and still working perfectly.  Noise  Works  Good  Not great  Needs a better connector  Very poor quality  Too expensive  Do not recommend  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Sebastian  5  Reviewed by:from on 9/11/2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________  I have a ______________, which is my favorite keyboard. When I got it, I thought it was very good, but it's terrible for typing. It's not bad, but when you get to high levels of use, it's horrible. I am a professional programmer and I use it a lot for programming. When you type a letter or word on it, it makes the cursor go crazy and you have to hit it again to get the next letter. If I am typing something fast, like a programming or HTML, it just makes it impossible to type fast. I don't know what else I can say about it. I tried to get an e-reader, but the batteries just don't last very long, and I don�t like the screen.  Product Review: GIGABYTE GA-Z77M-DS3H Processor & Memory
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I love this device but I hate the "smart" parts. This is the worst smart phone I have ever used. ____________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product but the only thing i would suggest is the fact that it does not work with all kinds of batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for the past 2 years. ive tried everything, even had a new laptop for a week to see if it would fix the problems. its terrible. if your a tech, use something else. i bought this for $70.00 and i think it should be $80.00. very bad and very cheap product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a backup battery for my iPod Touch, but i was disappointed. The battery lasted about 2.5 hours. I was expecting more than that. It would only last 5-6 hours on full charge. Also the USB charger was the worst I have ever had to deal with. The charger is so slow that it takes forever to charge the battery. The cord is so short that I cant even charge it in my car.  I like the design of the battery - however, it is very small and doesn't hold much charge, but it is good for a backup. The batteries are pretty cheap and they last for a long time but it was a little disappointing to use a smaller battery in my pocket  The battery lasts for about 3 days and I would recommend it. It is a bit cheap.  the battery last a few days, I would like it a bit bigger. the only con is that you have to buy the usb charger.  and it has a good design for a cheap battery. , but this is the only one of it's kind i've seen so far and i think this is good because its very lightweight.  of course you cant put a micro usb cable into it like a regular charger so you'll have to make one yourself, but the charger is very fast and has a USB port so it's good for that. if it had the ability to charge at the same time, it would be better. I have only had it a day so i don't know if it is getting old or it just isn't working as good. I think it's more of a design flaw than a bad design flaw. But i would buy another one if it was on sale, i have 2 of them. .. I have the same problem with the other two that I've bought, the battery is tiny, the charger for it is crap. I've used the battery for a few hours, it was pretty much dead and I had to turn it off and on.  (but I got the wrong one, it's the only other one I can find) The battery is small and you don't really want to use it with your phone. I just use it to put it in the back of my car, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 1.3 oz,.44 mm diameter,.25" length,.08" width. 1.4 Amp, 4.5V,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- After receiving this, I was expecting the worst and got the best. I was looking for a decent gaming keyboard. This is it! The only complaint is that there is a very loud buzzing noise while typing. This isn't the case with other mechanical keyboards, but for $150 I expected a bit more. The best thing about this is that the rubber feet are amazing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I purchased the Sony VX800. It is a good device, but the buttons do not work. It would have been nice to have a larger volume knob. The sound is not bad. I'm not a music lover, but I use this for my movies and TV shows. I think I have a new one now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned 3, one bad, and 3 that worked perfectly until this one. i replaced it because it kept dying and the sound was terrible and had to be charged twice a week just to make it work. now its a $300 piece of junk and the battery needs to be replaced. I would never buy one again.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Joe from No noise When plugged in, it makes a little clicking noise. Not enough to be annoying but annoying. I was hoping it was just the connection to the wall socket. ,  from an old review by a different user:I'm pretty sure this product was not designed with the sound card in mind. It's just a loud beep. I plugged it in, and it made an awful beep, so I returned it. I have no idea why it doesn't just go out and let the sound out. If you are trying to play music from a bluetooth device, or are using the soundcard to stream audio from a PC to a tablet, it may be OK, but if you are using it as a speakers for the TV, this is not a great device for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  -Noisy  --Won't last long in my bag.  This is a wonderful device!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- My first computer was a Macintoshes, and my second a PC, but the first was still the best computer i ever had, because i was able to use the internet. I thought I would never find a computer like this on a market, and this one is the best, because of the great price. I'm sure I'll be using this one for a long time. Thank you
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as an investment in my home theater for my 8 year old son. I can tell you, I have had this for a month and a half. It is the first item in the box that did not work. It was not connected to the projector and was on my floor for at least an hour. I called customer service, and they told me that there was nothing they could do for me and I should send it back. I did not have time for a trip and do not have a car so I returned the item. They told me I could send it in and it would be looked at and repaired but I am not sending it back because I do not trust a company that can send me back for not having an electrical issue. I have never seen a product so poorly made, poorly packaged and not workable. I will never buy anything from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a fan of apple products since they came out with the original ipod i used to have my iphone 4 for 5 years and now i can't get it to work at all. i went to a local apple store and they told me that iphones are getting better and the ipod 2 isnt worth anything, but i really wanted a ipod and i cant afford the price on apple website. i cant get any warranty because i dont have the ipad. i would suggest to people to buy an iphon if you want to use ipod as a portable device
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it took a while to connect, the battery lasted less than one hour, and when I finally did connect, it was too dim and the sound quality is very poor. The sound is a bit worse than my iHome iCX-D5. I could barely hear my son's music. Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from Very Nice I purchased this for my son. He had been trying to learn to use his computer but the lack of sound quality on the devices he is using make it a difficult task. He is learning how to use it at home, and so far, so good. The only problem I had was that the power button was on the bottom. This was a huge problem because I am used to having a power button on the top of the unit. The problem was solved by purchasing a little rubber plug that went through the bottom of the speaker to a small hole on the back of the case. However, this is still not the same as having a big button on top of it. This is a great addition to my son and it looks very nice.  Rated 1 out of5 by Anonymous from Poor Sound Quality I purchased the X3 speaker for my computer desktop to play my MP3's, however the sound from the unit is so poor that it is extremely difficult to listen to music. I bought this unit to play music from my iPod Touch but I would rather use my computer as a receiver to my home stereo system and my son loves to listen his music on the computer. The unit is a waste of money as it does not deliver a good sound quality at all. The speaker does have a remote, but it is so small that it has no use other than to play the sound to your iPod, as you can't use it to play sound to the speakers. I recommend against purchasing this product, and instead, get an iPod or a similar product which is a lot more reliable.  (Posted on 1/10/2015)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I was really looking forward to using this gadget but the battery did not last long and the phone has a terrible screen quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for over a year, the battery is dead as a doornail and its just not worth the money and the sound is so bad it makes me sick! and its way too loud for my taste  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: amazon.com
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! I bought this to replace my iPod that died in my hand after I took it out of the case. The first thing I noticed was that the battery was not replaced (as the instructions said) and that there was no instruction on how to install the battery back in the device. I was also a little concerned about the fact that the instructions don't say how to insert the battery into the device, so I took a look at the instructions and found out that the device has a slot where the battery would go, but you can't insert it into the case like you can with the iPod. So I tried it out but found that the connection point for the cord was not properly made so when I inserted the cord the battery wouldn't fit. I also found that you have to remove the battery from the device before putting it back into the battery case because the battery is not protected. I am now considering returning this product because of the lack of directions.  No instructions or instructions were included on how I would attach the battery  This is a really nice product but I'm a bit disappointed that it does not come with a user's manual or any instructions on how you can attach the cable to the back of the device and how to connect it to the wall or power outlet.  and you can only connect it with a 3/8" female to 3/4" male. The instructions are very basic and should be more informative on how it works. I think I should have gone with another product instead of this one. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I received the Samsung Galaxy S4 last month. I was a little disappointed with the camera and the fact that it's a big phone, but I'm used to bigger phones. My wife loves the phone. The problem is that the phone has a terrible screen. The pixels are too small. I'm a computer programmer and I can see the pixels when I look at the screen. I can't read the text on the screen with the black background. This phone is a complete waste of money. The software is terrible. The apps are useless and the phone is so slow that you have to open a separate window to use it. The screen is the worst I've ever used. If you're thinking about getting this phone, you're going to regret it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The new iPod is great, but the battery life is terrible!!! I have a couple of other iPods, but these are by far the worst!!!  Rated 4 out of 5 by jenniferr from Great! I bought this for my boyfriend who loves to travel. I'm so glad he chose it over his previous iPod. He loves the iPod touch so he'll be sticking with it, but I'm glad he picked this one up instead. It fits in his hand perfectly, and is small enough to easily fit in a pocket. He has been using it for a couple days now, and it's already running a full charge. Great little device!  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a little over a year now, and its been a big problem. the first one i bought was the black one, i had it for about 6 months and i noticed that the bottom of the unit would crack in a way that would make it very difficult to insert and remove the device. the second one was a red one and it lasted a month. now the bottom crack is still there, but the red one will no longer work, but i still have the black. i really hope the company fixes this problem, i would buy a new one but i dont have the money to do so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years, and its great if you want a cheap bluetooth speaker. the one on the picture doesnt work, and the other one doesnt either.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought a pair of these for my wife to replace her old earbuds. They are nice and they do the job. The only problem is the cable is so short it breaks easily. The longer I went the worse the sound. I have heard this before but the quality seems to be better. They do sound great with the right headphones.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael K. from Amazing headphones. I bought these to replace my old headphones. The sound is amazing. The quality is incredible. My wife is a music listener as well as a gamer. I'm still impressed with the quality. It's better than the older generation of headphones I had. The cables are comfortable as well. I am very happy with my purchase.  in addition to the headphones there are also 2 extra cable sets with an adapter, as well a 2 foot adapter so you can connect the headphones to a computer to play games on it. The adapter is included in the package so if you want to connect the other cables to your PC you can do so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's pretty bad, but the design is so bad. The battery doesn't last very long. The screen is extremely dark and the buttons are very hard to press. The volume controls are not easy to use. The software is not intuitive. The whole package is a total disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing does not work. I have used it twice now and have been using it for about 3 years. When I first got it I was able to use it to control my air conditioner and then one day I noticed a large amount of static coming from the device. It did not seem to affect the power on the device at all, but I thought to test it with my vacuum cleaner and it turned out to be the case. I had no idea that this was possible until I realized I was having a hard time moving my vacuum up and down because of this device. The device has been discontinued and I have not found anything on the internet that says it can be replaced. I would recommend this product to anyone that is having static issues.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now and i have to say it has become useless, it is almost impossible to use. i have had the phone for a month now and it is still not working. i dont think i would buy another one of these devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a replacement for my old PC. I was pleased to find that it was a very well built unit and that the screen worked very well. However, the main issue I had with the unit was the screen being very dim. I had to adjust it to a setting that was not too bright, but was still bright enough to view the web on a full HD screen. The other thing was the lack of any audio output. The unit does have a built in speaker that is louder than the computer speakers, but the volume can be controlled by the volume knob on the unit. Overall, this is a great unit and I would highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!   1. It was too big. It is so big that I can't even use it. It's too heavy, so I have to carry it with me everywhere. The cord isn't as thick as I thought it would be and it just keeps falling off the phone.   2. It won't work on my AT&T Galaxy S7 Edge. The S7 is not compatible with this charger. I have the AT& to S7 adapter and the S7 works perfectly. The Galaxy S6 is also not compatible.  : This charger is a huge waste of money and I will never use it again. The product itself is not bad, but the price is ridiculous. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone because it's so overpriced. It doesn't come with a USB cable or wall adapter so I'm not sure how you could use this with any other device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the dongle on my computer for a month now. i just recently had the cable from the dang thing come out of my computer. now i can only use it on my desktop. i will not buy this device again. i have tried to get it replaced. ive tried to find an alternative to buy the dange thing. ve heard a few people saying the dongs are okay. but i can not get it to work with my computer and i am going to have to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a couple of years and the battery life is horrible. it last 2-3 days, but the phone cant make it more than that. the phone also gets extremely hot after a few minutes and it will get uncomfortably warm. the camera is terrible, even with an adapter the pictures are grainy. if you're looking for a phone that you can't be without, this phone is perfect for you, but dont expect it to last a long time.  Pros: Great build quality and great battery life. Cons: Very loud speaker. Camera is bad. Bluetooth can be finicky. Battery life is crap. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have purchased the X-one for over 2 years now and am very happy with it. However, I have been using it as my daily driver for almost 2 years. The unit is a very well built unit with a great user interface. The buttons are very responsive and I like the fact that it can connect to multiple devices.   One problem that I have had with it is that the battery can drain quite fast and this is a real problem if you need to charge your phone. It is also very expensive as well.  , February 4, 2014  Good unit!  I was looking for a new X-One, I had been using the old one for over 10 years, this one has some issues but it is a good unit. The only downside is the charger. It does not charge my device as fast as my old charger. But if you are in a rush you can always put it in the dock and charge on the way. The screen on the new unit is bright and is easier to read. The device is a little noisy so make sure you set the noise level to max to not annoy your neighbors. The battery lasts me 3 days so far, I bought the X1 which is a bit better. But it is not a bad unit and I would recommend it to anyone looking for an X-ONE. I have also used my old X-1 as a desktop computer and it worked great. January 25, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipod3 for about a month now, and it has the worst battery life of any ipod ive ever had, and when it does charge it does not last very long, and i dont think it has a good case, the battery is so small and cheap that it falls out pretty easily. if they had the guts to make a battery case for this thing, they couldnt have done anything worse.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 25, 2011  good device, but not good for portable  by John from San Jose CA USA  Pros: Good value for the money  Cons: The charger cord is short. I use a small cable and the charger is too short. . ,  Review of DJ0268-01 Submitted by: Anonymous on Tuesday, July 28, 2011 - 06:35pm CDT  Great device  By: John from Stockton CA USA on Tuesday July 28, 2011 : 10:29am PT  I like the iPod and the new iPods are just as good as the old ones. The new iPod is nice to have. However, it is a great idea to get the USB charger but you need to buy a 3rd party charger for your laptop and computer.  and  The battery life is so bad I have to use a laptop and I cant find a charger to plug into my laptop and phone at the same time.  I like the idea of having a backup battery. However the backup battery has to be charged before using the backup iPod.  to get around this problem you can use the "magic" mode. But when you use the magic mode your iPod wont recognize your computer and your phone won't recognize your iPod. I have tried everything to get this working.  the best way is to buy the "Magic mode" or a separate battery  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, July 20, 2011
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This is the third electronic device I've owned, and I have to say that this one is by far the worst. It is a little hard to turn off and it is very hard to operate the remote control, especially with the batteries dying and the remote still working. It has been more than a year since I bought this, and it still works flawlessly. It will not charge on its own. If you are buying this device for a kid and you want to buy the "no batteries" version, do not buy this one. The battery is very weak, and you'll need to use the included cord to charge it. The remote control is not easy to use either, especially if you are trying to change channels or change the channels you are already on. If this is not your thing, then I would not buy it.  I have two of these devices. I use one to make calls on my cell phone and use the other to charge my portable electronic device. The one I use to make phone calls works fine. The second one, the one that charges my portable device (it has a cord with an inline USB port) does not. It works but is not rechargeable. This device does not come with a cord so I had to purchase a cord from eBay. The cord is very short, so I'm guessing that is why it doesn't work. The other issue is the battery life, I use it for two hours, then it goes dead. The good thing is it is a nice, small and portable unit. The bad thing is the batteries do not last very long. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a customer of ivebeen a customer for several years and they have just changed their policy and they dont give a damn about my opinion and i dont get my money back they are a joke  I had a different problem, which they told me about. The first issue I had was with the cable, which was bad. The second was with one of the USB cables, which wasn't a problem, until they changed the way they sold the cables. I am not sure what they were thinking when they changed it, but I would never buy from them again. They don't seem to know how to design cables.  Great product! I have bought a lot of things from them, from the USB to audio. I have been very satisfied with their products.  "Best and Fastest" They're the best I have ever bought and bought it for more than a year now. The products are very cheap and fast shipping. I'll buy them again and again and they are very fast. Thank you!  Best products! I'm really glad I decided to get some of these products from them. I was very skeptical at first when I ordered some of the items from them but I have to say I'm very happy with the products. I would recommend these products to anyone who is looking for cheap, good quality products. Thank You for offering great products and services!  the best! I've used their usb c to 3.0 cable for a few years now and its the best cable you can get. Very good quality, no complaints. :) This is the best and fastest service I've ever used. Fast shipping and a good customer service. I will be a returning customer.  the fastest delivery time I've seen on Amazon. The USB to 2.0 to USB A cable was delivered in 5 business days and the USB 3.1 to USB C cable was sent the next day. I'm so impressed and I have no doubt that you'll receive your goods as promised. . This is a very good product. It does exactly what it's supposed to do and the packaging is excellent. I highly recommend the USB C to USB 3 to USB B cable and the adapter. , I had a bad experience with this company because of poor communication. They were so unresponsive and refused to work with me to get it fixed. When I contacted them again to see if they could do anything, they did not return my calls or give
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen was just awful. I was looking forward to using the screen for watching movies, but I was very disappointed to find it extremely blurry. The screen was so bad, I had to look down at the device while watching something on it. This was just as bad as the previous  device, except it was twice the price. The only reason I bought it was because the previous one was so cheaply made, but this one had a more terrible screen. The price is still good though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a joke.  Not a joke I have a good time playing with it but it has no battery life at all, even when playing with the highest settings and not in standby.  In conclusion:    This thing looks like a toy and is too expensive for a toy, so unless you like toys like the Apple Watch and are willing to spend $130 for the iPhone 6s, I would skip this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 2 years. ive used it for about 8 months now and it is still the same old old thing. the buttons arent that responsive so i have to be very precise with my use.  also the sound quality on this thing is bad. if you want a good set of speakers this isnt it.  the only thing that has improved is the screen, but that isnt a big improvement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a tn7000 for about a year now and it doesnt play music well at all, the sound is like a samsung ipod and the volume is so loud that you cant hear a word when its on, i have the best ears ever and when the mic is not working i cant even hear my own voice with this one, its very disappointing and i wish that there would be a cheaper model or something better because i want to keep using this but i cant do it with this thing.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Michael from Great sound but terrible mic Bought the Tn7100 to replace a $350 sound card that had an audio problem. I used the T7100 with an external audio source and was pleased. But the sound quality is very poor with this mic. I have the same exact model but it's much better with a mic that works well with it. I had the T6100 for about 15 years and it is still the best for my applications. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was really hard to use. It would get hot and I would need to turn it down to keep it from melting or burning. The screen would turn on by itself after a minute or so, but would then be very dim. I'm really disappointed that the screen would be this bad. I paid over $60 for it. I don't think it's worth it. The device would be much better if you just bought a USB keyboard. I have a laptop and this is not a good replacement for it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** I have had this phone for a year. I have a small one that can only hold 1 phone and a large one that holds two. The small one can only make a call. The large one can make 3 or 4 calls. The speaker is terrible, and the only way I can get it to work is to use my other cell phone. I am extremely disappointed in this phone. The battery lasts only a few hours and the speakers are terrible. I can't believe they got away with this. I will never buy another Samsung phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is very good. but if you buy it and don't use it for a while, the batteries just fall out. This item is really good and I'm sure it's a very good quality item. But this time the batteries fell out. I'm using it for home entertainment and I would recommend it if you like playing games. But if you don't play games, it's not a good product.  I have had this device for two months now and have been using it with two laptops that I purchased over the past year. I purchased this device on Amazon after researching on-line for a long time. I am very pleased with the performance and value of this device. The device has performed as advertised and has held up well. It has exceeded my expectations. The only down fall is the batteries are not removable but I don't have time to find the right batteries to replace. The unit has been tested several times and it has worked flawlessly. I highly recommend this item to anyone who wants a very well designed device at a good price.  in a box that is a box! I purchased a used "cameo" device for $90.00 off of ebay. The price was high, but the quality was very good and it came in a nice box. However, after using the unit for a month or so, the battery fell out after only a couple weeks use. I returned the unit and purchased a new one. I have to say that the quality is much better on the new unit. It is much bigger and weighs a lot more than the cameo. It's also much better looking. It really has a unique appearance. The cameo device does not. It seems like a good buy at the price. However I don´t want to use it anymore, and I doubt I will ever use it again. . I've had the E-M1II for about a month and have used it quite a bit, with both of my laptops and the included USB cables. I've used it for about 8 hours a day and not a single battery has died. I also use the keyboard and mouse in conjunction with this. It does not get hot. I did purchase the batteries to make sure that I could keep it going for the longest time. This is the best product that I have ever purchased. If you are looking for a good compact and powerful soundcard/mic with an analog mic pre out,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 2 months now and i havent had one single problem. The first problem was that the screen would turn off after the hour or two of being used to check my email. After doing some research i found out that the phone has an anti-ghosting feature and the problem was caused by that. i went to the Verizon store in my area and was recommended to get an RMA from them. i got one a few days later and the phone is working perfectly now. ive been playing with it since then and i've had no problems. I have had it on standby since the RMA and the battery is still fully charged. i am very happy with my purchase and i recommend it to anyone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I love the sound quality, but this thing makes it difficult to use. The volume can be turned down, but the sound is always at full volume. You can't even turn the sound up, it just makes the noise even louder. I have a car with the bluetooth built in and it's great. I'm looking forward to trying out other speakers.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Dan from It's okay. I use this as my main speaker and I'm really happy with it. I am an audiophile, and this is a really good set of speakers. The bass is very good, and the highs are a little weak, but for the price they are good. The only downside is that they are a bit small and have a very hard to adjust remote that's a little hard to hold.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year and a half now and theres really nothing bad to say about it. it has a very high resolution, is very quiet, has a good battery life, and the screen is really bright and easy to read. however, it does take a little getting used to. the battery life is a little less than i expected, but it was only about a week. i wasnt able to use it a lot during that time, but when i did it was great. i would definately recommend this device.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a cheap cheap device that doesn't even do the task it was designed for (i'm on the 5th one I've bought)  i bought it as a way to use my tablet when on the go (my tablet gets stolen all the time, i'm constantly carrying a device i have to charge at my laptop) but when i first used it, the screen would lock up on me a couple of times. i thought it was a problem with the screen, but after it started happening more and more, i finally decided to contact Apple. i got a replacement and that is about the last time i will use an ipad. i would highly recommend that you do your research before you buy an ipod or any device that you use a lot. you are wasting your money and i hate buying a device that i can't use! i recommend to not buy it at all, i wish i had researched more before i bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst I have ever bought. The screen is very poor quality and the speakers are terrible. I bought this hoping for a good quality device, but this is just a piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now and i wish the battery wasnt so tight that the buttons wouldnt click. the screen wasnt even usable until i bought a replacement battery. the battery life was terrible until i started using my cell phone so much. ive used this phone mostly for calling and texting and when i'm at home theres no need for a mobile. it's a waste of money!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This was a horrible idea and I hate the sound. I have had a bad experience with other audio gear and this just made the experience worse. I tried the sound card and it would not play a single song. I ended up turning off the sound and I was still getting all the sound of the music. I would not recommend this.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Mark from Great, but with a few problems I bought this to get an inexpensive stereo for a small room. I had purchased a used pair of stereo's from a local thrift store and had mixed feelings about them. I liked them as they were simple and I thought they sounded great, but I just didn't like the way they sounded at low volume. I was hoping that with this new pair of cans I could have a great stereo at low volumes, and I would have been happy. I plugged the sound in and the speakers started making noise. I knew that there was something wrong, but at the same time I couldn't tell what it was. I turned the sound down to where it wouldn't be an issue, and that seemed to solve the problem. After a while I noticed that the sound was coming through the left speaker. I went to the right speaker and the sound sounded fine. Then the next day I noticed a bit of a pop in the sound at the beginning of each song. This problem did not appear to be fixed. Then after playing a few songs I noticed this issue in the left and right speakers, but only in one song. The sound at high volume did not improve. I am so disappointed with this product. I really want to like it, but it just isn't the product I was looking for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* ******** * ******** ******** The sound quality is really bad, the display screen is really tiny, the touch buttons are really stiff, the buttons are just not easy to press. If you want a smart phone that has a touch screen this is not it. I bought it because it is cheap, but now it is a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** This thing is horrible! It is the worst thing I have ever used. I purchased the "smart" version. The device is very very simple to use. The one thing I hate about the device is the screen size. The screen is just not large enough for a large number of apps. Also, the device can not be programmed. It requires a computer and an internet connection to do anything. If you do not have either, you will not have any use for the device. My phone is a 5.0 and I can hardly fit a couple of apps on the screen. This phone is so ugly. You are just buying a device that has very limited features. If I were you, I would just get a phone with a screen that is much larger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am so happy I have my iPhone 6s! My husband is very happy too. I love the iPhone and the camera has a great picture. I have been so excited about getting this iPhone and I have yet to have to worry about my data being stolen or my device going into a death spiral!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only thing that bothers me about this is that it is made in China, so it doesn't feel as premium as some of the other cheap e-cigarettes on the market. I don't recommend this to anyone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________________________  It was my second one of these I purchased from this site and I am very disappointed. The sound is terrible, I have to use a subwoofer to get it to sound like a good stereo. I was so happy I bought another. It took over 2 weeks to get the one I bought for the first one.  Great quality but.... ______________________________________________________________________________  This unit is amazing, for the price I can't beat it. I can run the front and back speakers through the back of the speakers. It's built sturdy and does its job. It also has an aux in for an iPod and it also comes with a built in subwoofers for bass. I'm going to keep this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this monitor as a replacement for a monitor that was defective. I had bought a similar monitor with the same features and it was defective as well. I was surprised at the low quality of the monitor. It took some effort to set up the screen correctly. There is a lot of "humping" and movement as it sits on the desk. The buttons are all mushy and not very precise. Also, I wish the menu was on the right side of the screen. It is difficult to adjust settings on the left side. Overall, I would not recommend this monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm not a fan of the look of this product but I think it's better than nothing. The build quality is a little weak but it's still better than most. I have an Apple TV that I can't use to watch movies, I use this to watch TV.   Would I recommend this to a friend: Yes.  Is this review helpful?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This thing is crap, I used to love the original one, but this one is worse than the first one. It's like the battery is leaking. It makes it hard to use. It doesn't work at all. It can't be plugged in to charge, and it won't charge when plugged in. It sucks and I'm done with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!  The iMac is an amazing machine, but the sound quality is terrible. I have been a fan of Apple's audio for many years, but now I can only use it on a computer speaker system. Not only that, but it is really loud. I will be returning this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this to replace a bad one and the only problem is that it doesnt last long enough. --------------- Pros: + Sturdy Cons: - Not as stable as it should be (in terms of stability) - Poor battery life - Doesnt have a micro SD slot
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month and im finding it to be of poor quality. it has the same problem as my old one (dont even know what it is but has been causing the problem). i bought this one because i was looking for something cheap and i wouldnt mind having to buy a new battery everytime i wanted to use it, however this thing is junk. it wont power on to my computer and the buttons are all rubbery and dont feel like they are on. I dont think it will last long if i keep it on a 24 hour a day basis. i guess you get what you pay for but in this case its a good buy.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The battery life is about the same as my iPad 3 (5 days). The audio quality is very poor. It has a poor microphone that I had to replace with the Apple Lightning to 3.5mm jack. I have not heard a single great thing about the device other than the fact that I'm going to be buying more. --------------  Best audio! I've been using a Sony MDR-1R. I found it to be better than the Sennheiser. The sound was more crisp and clear. The MDR had a little more bass. I'm not a fan of Sony but it was a good value for the money. I was surprised by the quality of the audio. I don't think I could do a better job with this unit. I like that the cable is detachable and the stand is sturdy.  Excellent! It has everything I need and nothing I don t want. I use this as a mobile speaker on the road. I haven t found anything like it. It is the only one I have that works with my iPhone. The battery lasts almost 2 days. . I really love the sound quality, and I love that it can be used as a headphone or an audio monitor. The cable is easy to use, and it's very light weight. The only drawback is the price. But that is really minor, I am very happy with my purchase.  and I'm just going to say this: I just want to thank you for the amazing service and product. I ordered the product and got it a day early and I had it within 2 days of placing my order. The service from the product manager was outstanding. You guys are a great company and I recommend you to everyone. :) The Mophie is a great little speaker for on the go, as a Bluetooth speaker. It can be charged with the included USB charging cable or plugged directly into an iPhone or iPad and used as an audio playback device. The speakers have a clear, loud sound and are very portable. It's perfect for using while walking to and from a coffee shop or meeting with colleagues. The best thing about it is that it's wireless, so it's great for when you don't want to get your hands dirty. It will give you hours of enjoyment and sound quality you don t expect from a portable speaker. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a great sound quality and portable speaker that's a good price!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my epson for a few months now and the image quality isnt as good as i thought it would be. i had a good chance to see the image and the paper was still very nice but i wish i had read the other reviews before purchasing.  Did you find this helpful? 10 of 10 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Andrew  5  Reviewed by:from Washington. on 6/25/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the psp7s for a while now and have had no issues with it, but i also have to admit the audio is pretty terrible when the phone is on speaker mode. when i turn it off to listen to music, it just sounds like a loud echo machine. and when i'm on speaker while using a call, the voice is still very loud. but if you have an ipod touch and a psp then the psw 7s is a great device for the price. i have a sony mx80 and an ipad touch and the ipad is better than the sony mp3 player when it comes to sound quality. but the pspr is great and has great battery life too!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I received my ipod dock on friday and i have to say, it is a complete fail! I have tried to use the ipod dock with a bluetooth keyboard but it did not work at all. It was sooooo hard to get it to work. I was able to type in some emails but was unable to send a text message. I contacted the company but they were very rude and they did not give me a chance to make a complaint. The only reason i gave it a 3 star is because i was able t to use it for about 2 hours but i have not been able to use this product since. The best thing about it is the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the bluetooth on my iphone for a while and the battery is getting old and dying fast. ive bought another one but it seems the bluetoo has a longer battery life than my ipod. so i wouldnt recommend this bluetoot at all. ___________ Update: __________________  i bought one, i love it, i think it's the best bluetooth headphones i have ever owned  ___________  4.5 stars for the blu  5 stars as a Bluetooth headset.  1 star for the lack of bluetooth.  (so annoying.)  2 stars for bluetu  3 stars for quality of build.  a great product at a great price.   Pros:  - Bluetooth  Cons:  the battery life is so low. i bought another. i thought the blu had a longer lasting battery life, but it doesnt. the battery will only last a couple of hours before its dead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took my iPad 5 hours to charge, and that was with a full charge from a good charger. If you have a bad charger you may have to wait 3 hours. I really don't recommend this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while and now the sound and performance is very poor. i can not tell the difference between my earphones and my other earphones at all. i get a horrible buzzing noise. i had to change to a different earphone to even try to get the noise out. my ears hurt after using them for a long time. i really want to try the sound quality with better headphones.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from The headphones are very good. The noise canceling feature is good. But the quality of the headphones are not as good as I expected. The cord is so bad that when I put the headphones in my pocket and take them out the sound is terrible. The sound is a little better when I wear the headphones on the inside of the ear canal and the sound comes out a little bit louder. .  of the 5 stars. I have owned these for several months and have been pleased with the performance. The only thing is the cable is not long enough to reach the back of my head. The sound quality is excellent. The headphones have a very good sound quality. The comfort is good too. The bass is very good as well. I recommend them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a year now, i just received a new laptop and i wanted to see if it was worth the money, i had no problems with the first two days but i started getting the white flashes, this has to be a defect. i dont like to use it because i dont feel the device is reliable, the flash goes off every 2 minutes or so. i cant even hear it. i have my old laptop in my closet so im just waiting to see what happens when i get a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I've had this for two weeks and it's a horrible piece of garbage. I bought this because my laptop's screen was starting to get scratched up and I wanted a cheaper alternative. This is the worst thing ever, I have the most expensive laptop and have never had to replace anything on it before. The touch pad is too small to use with my normal mouse, the trackpad doesn't work at all and it seems to be a total piece of junk. I would definitely not recommend this product, I'm disappointed in you. ******   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!   I purchased this to do my web surfing and music collection, it does the job but it's a little loud for my bedroom. The quality is ok but the buttons on the back of the unit are all flimsy and have a hard time being pressed. This may be due to my age but it is not a big deal.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my gps and iphone since they came out, both of which have had numerous issues. ive seen numerous people who own these things, and its very disappointing when you have such a great product that breaks down after one use, you can't even get a replacement for it, even though they sell a new one for $200, if you want a good gps it should be much cheaper than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- Great, but one of the worst I've owned! The buttons don't work and I bought a replacement unit, but the problem is it's still broken. I got a good review from one person that got the same unit for a while, but I'm not satisfied with the product I bought. This unit has two major problems: 1) The buttons are not working. It works with the touch screen, but if you touch the top of the touch pad, it doesn't recognize your touch. The top of it has a lot of grooves that don't fit my touch pad. 2) The batteries are getting weaker and weaker. After about 3 months of using it, the batteries were completely dead. I went back to a better quality product, but it's a lot more expensive than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The charger is a pain to use, you have to remove the battery cover first to plug it in. This means the battery is exposed to the elements. After the battery dies it doesn't give a proper charge, which is what I expected. I will probably not purchase again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This is a really good keyboard, but the screen is tiny and the keyboard is pretty big, so it is very easy to lose it. I also found that the keys are too light for my liking, so I had to make them more tactile with the "thump" effect. -------------------------  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: tb-tech
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it since 2009. it works, but has a few major flaws. 1) it gets really hot very quickly 2) the sound quality is poor 3) its plastic and very cheap 4) the buttons are the worst in the history of electronics. the volume rocker is the worst of all. the buttons dont even work at all. it has to be pulled back, and then pushed forward, in order to do anything. 5) the batteries last longer than they should. it was a very cheap device, so the manufacturer isnt trying very hard to sell it. its a nice idea to have an easy way to adjust the volume, but it really doesnt work well. i bought this because i wanted to record my home movies on my computer, but since i have to plug the device into my laptop, and plug it into my tv, i am not able to use it. so, i have had to find another cheap, but decent device to do that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a few months and its been a real pain in the ass, its a dvd player that cant play the audio and the remote doesnt work. Ive bought a usb hub with a usb input that i can use for a keyboard, mouse, and usb hub and the dvd still wont play. i've even bought a dvds to use with it, but it doesnt work either. its so bad its hard to even imagine anyone would even use it. and if you do use it, it's so hard to get out of it, i can't seem to get the dvd to work on my tv. the dvr is a real chore to set up. I have no problem with dv dvb or dvd players, but i'd say dont buy this one, its such a pain in your ass and ill be sure to take it back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I was extremely disappointed with this purchase. The screen is so bad I could not even read it. It just had a blue tint. And it did not come with a case. Also, the touch pad is terrible. I was able to type and do a lot of other functions on my computer with this device but I couldn't type on the touchpad. And after a week of trying to figure out how to get the touch screen to work, I gave up. Also the microphone is not very good. The only way to use this is to have a second computer in your home so you can do internet stuff. So far I don't recommend it to anyone. I got the best of both worlds with this one, but I would not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for almost 3 months now and the only thing i have to say about it is i wish it was a bit bigger. it is big and uncomfortable. i can't even get it to turn on. i have a cheap usb hub and it just fits perfectly. this one just has a hole in it. theres no way i could get this thing to work without an adapter. i think theres another problem with it. when i plug in my laptop, it isnt detected by the device. the only way i can get it plugged in is to turn the device on and off a few times with a usb to usb cable. also theres a problem with the connection to the hub. when you are not using the device, the device stays off and then when you turn it on it just seems to turn back on. this isnt a bad thing if your having a bad connection but for a cheap device like this, it would have been a great design flaw.   Other than that, the product is very well made and looks very cool. the usb cable works perfect for this device and makes for a great charging station. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone that has a usb hub.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a portable charger for my iPhone.  A friend of mine suggested this device.  I was skeptical.   The packaging was bad, the batteries were not included and the battery life was short.  The charger was a great idea but it was bad design.  Also the phone doesn't have a case.  If I could go back to buying something else I would. Review by: Jeff on September 22, 2016 If you want a charger that is durable and can charge all the batteries, then this is the one. I am not sure how long this will last but I am sure I will use it for a while. I've only had the phone for about 2 weeks but I have been using it almost nonstop since it arrived.  My only complaint is the charging cord is a little long, so it is difficult to get into my pants.  However the phone seems to charge fast and the case seems to protect the phone very well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 2 years now, it's great for the price. however i wish there was a way to remove the battery, when i first got it the battery was really bad, but since then it has gotten better, i can't say enough about this phone! if you are looking for a good cheap phone, this is the phone to get
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a good device but I had to return it because it kept not working. The screen goes black after a while. The battery life is very low. And the touchpad is bad.   Pros: Good screen  Battery  Good price  Easy to use Cons: No battery life  Touchpad is too small for most fingers  No USB port
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my tmobile lte for almost 3 years now and i dont like it one bit. The screen isnt great and it gets hot quick, i just bought a better phone so its worth the money. If you want a phone with decent screen and decent sound and a decent camera but this isnt it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************* I bought this to connect to my TV and monitor. The connection is good, but the connection to my computer was a big PITA. The TV and Monitor just went right out. I called the customer service and they told me that they have been replacing the connections on these devices and that it was a known issue. I told them to just replace the connector, not the device. I just thought it was my fault because I didn't know what I was doing. My wife is happy with the purchase and the way it works but I was very disappointed with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I just got my iBook G4 and i was very skeptical of this device because i have an iPad 4 so i wanted to try the iBook but i just can't. I like the iPad but i don't like the lack of battery life on the iBooks. The screen is terrible and there is no way to turn off the light. I don't know if it's the hardware or the software but the i-Book G5 is a horrible purchase for the money. The price is so good to the iReader that I think i-Books have some competition in this market.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 31, 2016  good but not as good as the ibook  by Christopher from Atlanta GA USA  Pros: Good quality  Cons: Poor display quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This thing is an absolute joke. The battery life is horrendous, and it has to be plugged in every time you want to use it. The display is a joke, and has to constantly be turned off and on to see anything. The only positive is that the display can be turned on when the device is in sleep mode. But you'll still have to turn it on every time it needs to use the display. It's a total joke.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great value I purchased this product for my wife's computer. We are both avid gamers and this product has served us very well. It does not have the loud sound of a desktop computer, but it is still loud enough to be heard in the room we are in. The price was very reasonable, and we can use it at home or while out and about.  the battery life on this device is quite short. The game i have on the system is the first one i played on this system and the battery died after the first game. The first game lasted 4hrs. the next game i played with the same game lasted 2 hours. so i dont know if this is a fluke or if it is due to the type of gaming the unit is used for. The main thing is the fact that it only has 2 usb ports, which is bad if you want a computer to connect to a larger monitor or a blu ray player. The unit is also rather large, but you get what you pay for. I purchased the item for my mother in law's computer and she uses it as well. She was extremely happy with the product. I think you get your money's worth here. I would recommend it to others as well but make sure to buy a high end gaming pc or a laptop with a solid power supply. This is a cheap way to get a desktop or laptop for gaming purposes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 3 years. i got it because i had a cheapy and a couple of other e-cig's and ive been having some problems with the battery. it starts up fine but its battery dies in about 5 to 10 mins. after a while the light on the front lights up and it is very hot. after that its no longer hot and the light goes off. i dont know if the battery is the problem but the e cigs that ive tried have been more powerful than this one. ive replaced it every month or so but have not been happy with it. i had to replace the battery on my iphone 4 and my ikey jet and this is the only one i will get again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone4   i have a very bad experience with this phone. I have a new phone but bought this because of the price. I was very happy with it until a week after it came in the mail. My friend brought it to my house and i immediately tried to get it on the charger, but the thing was totally not working. I took it to a tech, and he said the battery was fried. He said i need to call apple. I called apple and i got a new one. When i get the phone, i'm thinking i will get this one, but i won't. So much for the price and all the hype.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it's slow. I'm not sure why it has to be slow, because I am not a fan of this type of product. The only time I've used this product was a couple of weeks ago. I've tried using it as a wireless keyboard for my desktop computer, but the wireless signal doesn't get through. The mouse is too large, and the mouse pad is too small, too. It is just not comfortable to use. Also, the battery doesn't last long. I would not recommend this product. I am giving it 4 stars because the keyboard is a plus. I don't know what other reviewers are talking about.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used this product I was looking for an easy way to connect a light. This product was great at connecting to a light but was not for the light itself. The power to light unit is great but the control buttons on the light are so hard to hit. The light would not turn on or off even though I was holding it in my hand. I also tried to adjust the light on the remote but this was no problem. I would recommend this product for anyone that wants to use an light to control an electronic device.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Dave from Great light! I've been looking for a device that I could use with my old laptop and this is the one. It works flawlessly with my laptop and has been easy to install. My only complaint is that the power supply has a built in light on it and I would prefer to have the light not have one on it. The remote is nice to have and the light is bright and very easy to use. The only complaint I have is the fact that I can't find any batteries in the U.S. that are large enough to fit inside the battery compartment.  3 out of 4 stars from Mike B. I had the same issue as most of the other reviewers with this item: the lights do not work. I've read the reviews on this product, and I really like the idea, but I found the remote too difficult to use to be effective. I'm looking at trying another brand now. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not come with a micro USB cable so it is a pain to connect to a computer.  Also I like to charge it from my phone charger instead of from the USB port.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* This item is defective and will not work. ***************** ******************  It does what it says it will do. It's easy to use, but not very powerful. The buttons are a little too sensitive and it doesn't seem to work as well as the other models. The batteries have a little more power than the others but not much. They should have made the batteries last longer and have a better grip.  The only thing I dislike about it is that it can't have a longer lasting battery or it will lose it's functionality. I was a little worried about it, but the batteries lasted the whole time I used it. If I use it for more than 30 minutes I have to charge it. I like this device, and would recommend it. It works just like the other two. I would buy it again, but I would change the batteries for longer lasting ones.  "Great product" I have been using this product for over 4 months and am still happy with the product. The only problem I had with the battery was the fact that it did not last very long. It did last for about 2 weeks. If you are looking for a reliable battery, this is a good choice. I wish I could get a 2.4 amp hour battery but they don't make them like I would like to have it in my pocket. I have found the button that controls the batteries is a little sensitive and the battery button doesn't feel as solid as the others. I also wish it had a bigger capacity battery.  to much of a good thing I am using this for work. It has a nice size for the money. It also does not feel very heavy on my pocket like some other batteries. The button on the battery is also a little small, but that's because it is made of plastic. I like that the batteries are interchangeable so I can use different batteries with different batteries. Overall I would recommend this battery. It is easy to access, easy to charge, easy on the pocket, and is a very good value. It doesn't last very very long but I'm still happy. ,  5 out of 5  Review by JEALOUS I just got this battery a few days ago and have been very pleased with it. The size and design of it are great. I can easily fit it in the pocket of my shirt or jacket and it is easy on my wallet. :) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying these devices for the past 3 years now and they are not that great. i was using the blu ray player for about a year and it worked fine. the new model was not that good. i had to rewire the blu-ray player to my tv with an adapter. i have to watch the movies on my pc to watch them in the blu ray player. then i have problems connecting to the blu rays on the tv because it has the same problem as the old model. the usb ports on this blu ray are too small for the new player and the usb port on the old blu ray is too small to connect to the usb slot on the new blu ray. ive had the same thing happen with both blu rays. its just too expensive to keep buying these new models. i would never recommend them to anyone. i am looking at the dvds that are made by a different company and the sound is so much better on the dvd.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  This is a good quality computer, however I would not recommend it for a new computer. I had to do a complete repair of my motherboard after about a month. The computer itself still works fine, but you are paying a lot more than a good deal for the computer. The keyboard is great, but the keys are not all in the same place, and the touch pad is not very responsive. The case is a bit small, and I wish it was a bit larger. It's very quiet, but I don't like how the computer sits in the case. The only bad thing about the computer is the fact that it is so slow. I am using it mostly for word processing and the computer does not respond at all to my touch pad or mouse. I would definitely not recommend this to a friend who has just started using a computer.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: joshelt
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now and it isnt working well at all. the first day i plugged it in i had the app on and it wasnt working. i have to hold down a button for about 30 seconds then it says the battery is low. so i turn it off and then put it back on but still nothing. then i turn off the bluetooth and it starts working again. i dont know what to do to get it working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my grandson who has Autism. He had trouble using it and it broke the first time. It has to be a terrible product because it broke again and had to go back to the store. I hope you have better quality products in the future. I have had this item for 4 years. I used it to help my son with math when he was in 2nd grade. It is not perfect, but it works well. I have used it with his other devices to help with learning as well. He loves this device. He does not need to use a screen at all. He uses it to watch movies, listen to music, and even read. It's very easy to use and it works very well. This is a good and very simple device. Its very easy and intuitive to use. I use it to teach my grandson how to play guitar. He is not a very good guitarist but I am very impressed with the amount of time he spent on learning the songs. I would recommend this product to others. The Best! I am really impressed with this device! I have a 9 year old with Autism who is unable to use an iPad. He spends more time than he should in front of a screen. The iPad is good for reading, but not a good way to learn. I found this device on Amazon and decided to give it a try. It took about 2 weeks to learn how to use it, but when I did it was awesome. The videos are very easy, but I wish they were in English. There are also a few apps that he can play on it, which is great for him. It was only about $15.00 and it came with a case. The sound is great and the only complaint I have is that it is hard to read at times. My grandson can also use the voice recognition feature. The case has a good build quality and I love that it comes with the iPad charger! I'm so happy that I found it and now have another one for my grandpa. Thanks! Great device, but... I bought the iPad and it was easy to set up. It did not work well with the keyboard because the keys were a little low. I had to move the key to the top of the keyboard. The screen is great though. I could see it on my desk and it is easy to read. I will keep it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! The remote is VERY SLOW. I would rather have the same thing with a normal remote. I bought the second one for a friend because she was in love with it and then it took the remote out, so I bought a new one. The new remote is much better. I use it on my TV and I use my computer, and my tv and computer work perfectly. I wish they would make the remote better so I could control it on both of them. The battery lasts long.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Rufus from Does what it says on the tin! The remote control is good, as a standard remote. It has a built in speaker for a voice search feature. I also like that the buttons can be easily adjusted. The only thing I don't like about the remote is that it is a little hard to use with the batteries, which I don?t understand, as it takes a good five minutes for the batteries to fully recharge. Other than that, it's perfect!  Review of DJ-853-D8-KW: I'm a little skeptical about the DJ-8000 as a whole. It's a really nice looking remote, and it has an impressive set of features. However, as I mentioned in the previous review, I'm not entirely convinced that it's really worth the money. I was hoping to use it for more than just watching a movie. For example, I was looking to use this for DJing my computer. However it's very difficult to find the proper key for the buttons, which is why I don' think it's worth the price. I'm just not sure this is a product worth the extra money. If you're willing to put up with the issues I mention, I can recommend this remote, but I don'?t think it should be the main purchase. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I bought this in April 2017 and I'm glad I did. I bought the T1 and the T3, but my T3 broke in the first week. I went to Amazon to buy another and the price was so good that I just bought the first. I'm going to put it in my truck and use it to charge my phone for my laptop and to watch my videos. So far, it's working, and it does charge my laptop. I don't like the fact that it takes a long time to charge the T4. I'd recommend getting a case and the charger as well. But, it does work.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best of the Best These T1 are by far the best charging cords out there. I have 2 and my T1 lasted 3.5 years with no problems. I use them to charge up my phone and the laptop, I'm very happy with them. I had one that was damaged and replaced it with another T1. , but when my T2 failed after just one year, I decided to look for a new charger, because I just lost the charger I bought about a year ago. After a lot of research, I chose the e-T1. It was so much easier to find and was the cheapest. I also got the extension cord. It's very handy. I highly recommend this product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device has some really great features. The battery lasts all day. The microphone is good for voice calls. But, it was difficult to use the USB charging port. I had to go back and forth with my charger, until it finally started charging. Other than that, it works. If you want a high quality microphone, this is a good purchase. If not, you'll probably be fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a terrible product. The keypad on my new computer does not work. The buttons are not clicky, and the cursor doesn't move. It's almost impossible to type a single letter with this keyboard. I'm using a keyboard with a larger QWERTY layout and it works perfectly fine. I would not recommend this keyboard unless you need to type at a fast speed. The screen does not seem to be calibrated properly either. I think it is just a poorly designed device.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been buying these for years now, and I am very disappointed that I am no longer getting the original, "original" style.  This is a terrible product!  The cable is awful and the device is just so weak.   It doesn't hold a charge for more than about 5 hours of use.  I have no clue how someone could be so stupid as to buy this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I bought this about a month ago, and it was a nice looking device. It is a little pricey and it doesn't really do anything, but for the price it's good for what I was looking for. It has a nice light and a nice sound to it. It does not come with a case, but it is very easy to replace it. The sound is pretty good as well. It's just a little cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a new phone this past winter and found the battery to be dead after two days. After sending it back and receiving a replacement, the battery died again. I sent it back for a third replacement, and the same thing happened. This was a year old device that I bought on a credit card. I paid for two of them, and they were definitely worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item about a month ago for a new job and I must say it is a total piece of crap.  When you connect it it starts with the music and then it goes to static.    It's a piece of garbage, but I did get a free 30 day trial from a competitor so I may give it another chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It worked as intended and is an upgrade from my previous laptop. However, the screen is a bit blurry and I have to constantly touch the screen to make it look right. This isn't a huge deal but when you have to hold your laptop in one hand to read, you don't need a crystal clear screen.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 25, 2016  By Chris from Westchester, NY  Review: Bought this to replace an old Asus X58 laptop that died. Had a problem where the screen wouldn't turn on. Bought a new X60 and now I have the old computer. I am happy with the new laptop. It is nice to have a larger display with the keyboard and touchpad in my pocket.  in the meantime, the touchpad is too small for me. , it's an excellent upgrade. It works well and the battery lasts for years. However the touch screen is very small. . I used it as a tablet and laptop and was very happy with both. The screen was not the best but it worked for me as a laptop and tablet. I will say that I would have liked to see a better touch screen. Was this Review helpful to you like it? Yes ( 0 ) | No ( 0)  great replacement  by: RK from Colorado Springs CO USA  Pros: It is very durable. It's easy to use and it is very nice to be able to connect to a large screen for more information. It comes with extra battery and a USB port for charging other devices. Cons: Not a fan of the touch pad and the laptop is too big to be my daily driver.  and not a fan  was this review helpful to and you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone3 4g iphones are the worst iphon4g i got it for a free case the case is garbage and the phone has a broken screen and camera in it it doesn't even hold a charge any longer its like a brick when i buy a phone for my daughter she gets it for free the first week and the battery is at 80 percent it takes 4 to 5 hours to charge it takes 1.5 to 2 hours to fully charge the charger is not as good as the other ones i got a different one and it charge the phone fast and the screen works fine i dont even want to buy another iphonelg i don't think i will ever use this iphonerg again i would rather buy a new phone than this icg i love the apple iphonetg the iPhone 4s is better iphotg i hate iphonestg i would have paid a lot more for a phone that works well, iphonewf i am a new iphowf i hate this icalg ical is the icsiphone 4g with the icewf but better ical and icsihf i love my icsicewp ical icalc is the only icsiwhp i have icalf ical i would pay alot more for an icsig i wish icsijf icshf icals icalm icsin icalwf icawf the icals are the only ones icsimf ices icsjf ice is a better icsiwf iphons icsipf ies icesiphone icsiqf icks icesic icesjf the icewf is good icesig icesijf the icsiphone4g is better but the icesisiphone is the best icesihf icesthf the best phone icsixhf I don't know why people say the iphont g is bad icsdf idsiphone has a better screen than icsidf ipsiphone does ipsidf the ipiphone icewp is the fastest icsisipho icsibf icasiphone i like the icaiphone but icsikf is better i like icsiiwf i dont think icsiyf icularf ictl 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have a Samsung Galaxy S2 that is a great phone but I would like to buy a better device in the future. It is easy to turn off the display, but to get out of the app, I have to use a small screwdriver. This would be much better if the phone came with a small flat screwdriver that you could use to turn the display off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an old iBook (9 year old).  This is a great product.  However, I bought the wireless keyboard and mouse and they were extremely poor quality.    I had to pay a second hand store $15 to get them repaired. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a month now and it is a great soundcard for the price. i only have one major problem. the usb ports can be a little difficult to work with. the little jacks you use to plug them in are small and hard to work. so far i have had no problems with it. other than that i would recommend this to anyone wanting a quality soundcard at a reasonable price.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the iphone iphon is terrible. I've had it for a year and it's been my main iphonelocer. But i have had to go out and buy a new one for my iphones. The screen is bad and the sound quality is not good. I'll never be buying one again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this phone for 2 weeks now. it works well, but the battery life is horrible. my phone will go dead after 5-10 minutes of playing games. my girlfriend has to go to the store to charge it for me. the charger that comes with it is not good either. i have to use a USB adapter to charge my phone. i dont think this phone will last long enough to make the purchase worthwhile.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** This is the first time I purchased a wireless keyboard, and I can tell you, it's the worst keyboard I've ever used. It's loud, it chirps constantly, and the buttons are hard to press. The only good thing is that it doesn't make a lot of noise, but that is only a good thing if you are using it at a bar. I don't know if it's my device or what, but I have been using this keyboard since July of 2008, and it has been consistently terrible. I had to get it replaced about a month ago, and my friend gave me the new keyboard to use. I tried typing on it again, but it's still terrible. Don't get this product.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: dalstonx
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________   This is a very good keyboard. The only thing that I don't like is the keys. It is not possible to remap any key to any other key. This means that when you are typing a number, you can't write anything else on the keyboard. You will have to type your numbers out and then move to the next key you want to use. I know this is a minor annoyance but I do wish the keyboard had the ability to move keys to any key on the keypad. I have used a computer with a keypad before and the computer is very smooth and fast. The computer keyboard on the other hand is very slow and awkward to use and I can't even type a word on the computer without looking down at my keyboard. I would not recommend this keyboard unless you are very good at using the keys on the unit. If you have problems with the keys you should get a different keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is ok, but it's a very bad idea to have it plugged into a computer in my case. I've been using my phone with it and the phone's sound quality is better and it works better, I think. I had my phone for about 3 months now and had the same issue, I've only had it for a couple of weeks now. The phone's display doesn't turn on unless you hit the power button so I had to buy a battery to fix it. The only reason I gave it a 4 star is because it's very hard to find a case for it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I used the iPhone with this and it is horrible. I bought this to do my work. I have the same problem with my Samsung S3, and now my Apple Iphone 4S, and my Samsung Galaxy S4. The Apple Iphones sound terrible, and I can't get them to work at all. I really don't want to spend a lot of money to get these fixed, but I need to work on my computer and these sound horrible. You can't hear the volume, the sound is all out of control. I can only use the iPhone in my car. I need my computer to be in the house and I really need to get rid of this.  Noise and quality control issues: ---------------I have an ios6.0, 5.0 and 4.2. All the problems i've encountered with the ios 6.0 are present on these new ios versions. The first thing i noticed is the loudness of the sound. The sound is very noisy and the speaker is way too big for my desk. Also, when i use the headphones the sound gets way too loud. The second thing i notice is the quality of the audio. When i use my ipod the sound quality is very good. But when i play my ios phone the sound just sounds like it is recorded from an ipod. If you are an audiophile or a music lover, i would not recommend this product. - Steve  I use this to play music on my iphone but it is terrible I'm an audiophobe so i bought this because the price was great and the features were great but it's horrible I have been using the headphones since it came out but now they sound like im listening to the ipod through a set of speakers and i can't even listen to my ipods on the speakers anymore it's like they have no bass i bought the apple ipod headphones the ones with the bass on them are way better but these ones have no sound so i don't think i will be getting them anymore  - james  Not for the average consumer: -------------I purchased this unit about a month ago. I was extremely disappointed in the sound and sound quality. I use my phone to listen to music and this is not an improvement. It was hard to adjust the volume because the volume buttons are so far apart that it is very difficult to get the sound to be loud enough. It is
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this as a gift for my friend who is a huge Nintendo fan and is very impressed with this console. i got this for her last year and she has had the same one for a while now. but the one i got for myself was defective when she first got it and the battery fell out in about 2 weeks, so i thought i'd give this a shot and its great! i dont think she's going to be using this one as much as she is now. the gamepad is amazing, the tv remote is great, the internet is really good ( i use a gigabit router) and the bluetooth works really well. i cant say enough good things about this console and i recommend it highly
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I really like this product. The only problem is the fact that there are too many screws in this unit. The fact that the unit is so cheap is a good thing. You can easily fix a problem with the unit. If the unit were not so cheap it would have a better warranty.  Rated 4 out of 5 by jennie from Great Value but not worth the price I'm not sure how long the battery will last. The sound quality is excellent, and it's very easy to connect and control the lights. But if the battery dies, the lights will still be on. I just wish it were a bit more compact. I have the 12v version, but I'm going to buy the 12V/4A version for $35 more. The price is so good that I'm glad I got this, but it's not worth $35.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a year and it's dead. the battery life is horrible and it gets hot to the touch. it's also not waterproof.  Did you find this helpful? 8 of 8 Found Helpful  Troy  5 / 5  Reviewed by:from Iowa. on 6/23/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am very disappointed. I bought this product to replace my old wireless speakers and the new ones do not work at all. I tried to call them and they said they have no record of the order so they cannot make a replacement. I called them to check on it and they told me it has to be in the mail. When I called back they said that they had received the order but the receiver wasn't working and the cable had broken. I told them that I was going to try and mail it back because I just want to make sure it gets to me. I got home and the receiver is still not working. I contacted customer service again and they don't have the name of the person who ordered the unit so I don't know if the problem is on their end or the distributor.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: dsaudio
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this as a replacement for my phone that died a few years back. It worked flawlessly for a while, but then stopped working. It still connects, but no audio. The phone is about 4 years old. I am returning it and looking for a new phone that works well with my laptop and bluetooth headphones. I also would not recommend this device for anyone else.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------  I had this set for a few years and they were very good until the batteries ran out. I can get 5 or 6 hours of run time out of it with a good charge. But after about a month of no charge the display started flickering and then it died completely. I called Amazon and they said they would send a new battery for me. They said they wouldn't even pay for the shipping because I was sending it to another country. When I called the company back, they said the other company would be responsible for the return shipping and they would cover the shipping. But when I got home I found the same battery had been returned and the same price for another brand! Not only is it a waste of money, but it's a waste to send it back to Amazon. I'm going to get a new one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 04, 2012  Great little radio  by Robert from New Jersey USA  Pros: Good sound quality, easy to use. .  I would have liked to have had a battery that would last longer, but they are good. ,The radio is easy to set up and use.   Cons: I wish it had a memory feature, as the radio would have been great to listen to the day after a bad day.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of problems with this thing. 1) after 2 days of playing it wasnt working right. i couldnt hear it in my car, i was driving to work, and the sound came from the back speakers. i took it back to the store and they said that it had to be serviced. after it was serviced and the battery had been replaced it was fine. 2) when the battery died, the speaker came on. i didnt know what to do. i was in the store buying other things and they gave me a good deal on this device. but after reading the instructions i had to contact the manufacturer, and they sent me a new battery. i will keep it for now, but i wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipod2 for a few months now and i love it. it is just a good size device to have a nice sound. the only problem i have had is that there isnt enough room to have headphones. ive tried it with the sennheiser and the hifi from my phone. ia the only thing that really annoys me is that the ipod 2 isnt waterproof. i have not had it in the water yet but i dont plan on.  Style of Music: The ipod is a great compact device for the price. The sound quality is nice and you can't beat the price of the ipods.  a great product  i have been using ipods since they came out, they are great but the ipad 2 comes out with a different sound quality, not as full as ipod 1. I dont have a high end music library so its the sound quality of my ipods that i listen to, if the sound were to get better I would buy the ipads again. I'm glad I have mine. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________ I'm a pretty tech-savvy guy but this is the first time I've used a wireless mouse, I bought it to use at work with my tablet but it broke on me after about 4 days of heavy use. I thought I was going to lose it but it's a good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this after reading all the negative reviews on it. The problem is that the unit only has a power cord that is not the one I wanted. The cord is too short. Also, the unit is not well built. It comes with two separate power cables and the unit itself has a cheap look. The charger also has the same problems. It does not fit the cord on my laptop and I cannot plug it into the computer to charge it. Also the instructions are not very clear. I got the unit at the wrong time and I did not know the right direction to plug the cord in. Also there is no instructions on the back of the unit. It is not worth the money at all and I would not recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I really like this device. I like that you can charge it from any USB port, and it does charge fast, it charges even when it is plugged in to the wall. I do wish it had a removable battery so that I could take it with me to work on my laptop or iPad when I need it. But other than that it's a great little charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ (insert reason) ___________ (insert negative review) _____ (insert bad review)  The thing that makes the Sony a "no brainer" is the ability to record directly to the SD card. The SD card slot can be inserted and removed while the device is powered on. This is really great for those who want to record audio while their device is on a flat surface, such as a desk. The Sony has a nice battery life and is small enough to carry around. The sound quality is very good and very clean. The microphone is very accurate, and there are no problems with distortion or noise. The only negative that I have is the lack of a headphone jack. This makes it difficult to use with earphones, but it is a minor issue.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you have to spend an extra $50 to get a good one, I would just not buy this.  I used to use an iPad 2 and I got a new one with the Touch ID. I really liked it until I had to use the password. The Touch ID does not allow you to enter a passcode. I am now using my iPad 4 because I like to do everything from the touch screen. I think it would have been easier to just buy a pass-key. I will be returning my iPad 2  Was this review helpful? Yes No  1 out of 1 found this review useful I'm very happy with the new one but had a problem with the key card. It was the wrong size and I couldn't get it to work. The next time I get a new device I'm going to try the TouchID. It's the best  A few things to consider Before buying:  The fingerprint scanner is very good. It is very easy to set up and works well. I don't think I will need the passcode key. It takes a bit of getting used to using the Touch id and it's a bit slow to unlock your device.  to get the passkey key, I think I need to add another key or add another sensor to the device. The fingerprint scanner works well and the screen is very bright. The only downside is that the pass key will not work with the fingerprint scanner.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  I have been a user of my "Bubble" since the 90's. It's a beautiful piece of equipment, the best I've ever owned.  However, I now have a Dell Latitude E6430 with Windows 7 and the USB 2.0 cable (USB 1.1 only). I have a USB 2 cable on the market, but it's a proprietary cable. I also purchased a "Smart USB" cable, which is a USB 3.0 to USB 2 adapter. However, that does not seem to be able to charge the bubble. I'm guessing that the cable is not made to carry a USB 1.5 connection.  and I have no idea what the hell the issue is! I'm a tech nerd and I've never had a problem like this! I'd hate to have a computer die because I was trying to charge a USB device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device is great, the first time i got it, i thought it was just like a sony psp. It had a bad screen, but i bought a new one. I had to buy a new case because the screen is so small, and when it got hot the screen burned through and the phone stopped working. The thing is so cheap, i think i might get a iphone 4 and use the gizmo to make my own custom ringtones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's great for my needs, but not as good as the other   devices i bought from you, so the price is high, but if you have a computer or laptop and are on a budget this is the way to go  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the touch screen on the watch was awful, but I still use it all the time.  I used to have a Motorola smartwatch, but it didn't last very long and I'm still using my original.    I got the watch for $130, and it's a good value for the money.  I've seen a few other reviews that say the watch is bad, but the battery life on it is really good.  This is a good thing because I've had the watch about a month and it has only been about 2 weeks since I got it.  If you're looking to get a smartwatch for less than $200, this is a great buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The battery life on this device is horrible. I have used this for two weeks, and I have had the battery completely dead on me twice now. I cannot find any replacement battery anywhere. I've tried it with the 3v, 4v and 5v batteries and none of them seem to work. It takes 3-4 hours to charge it up to full, and it has no ability to charge at all if it gets too low. It just goes dead in a few minutes. The only other good thing about this is that it's cheap and works, but I think you should use a cheaper one with a higher capacity battery.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Mark H from Disappointing I purchased this to use as a power source for a project I am working on. However, I have been very disappointed with the product so far. I was disappointed with my first attempt to charge the device. I used the original 6.3v battery, which was a much better match for the output of the unit. When I charged the unit up, I was surprised to find that it only produced a tiny amount of power. I then charged it up with a 12v battery and it worked fine. The second attempt to use the 12v charged the battery up, but the device was still only producing 2 watts. My final attempt using the 12volt battery, it actually charged the device up to 12 watts, and was working well. However when I tried to use it to charge my phone, it would only get a very tiny amount. I am disappointed in the quality of the product.  and I would not recommend this product. I'm sorry that you had to try it out. If you use a 12 volt battery, the voltage will be much higher. Also, if you use the USB port, it is the best that it can be. It's an older model but the quality is still good and it works well. If I could give it 0 stars, I would. I think I'm going to try a cheaper power source instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my device today, it's a bad product. It does not work properly, it does not have the correct firmware and I have been told that there is no way I can send it back for it to be fixed. This is not an electronic product that is worth the money. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is the first electronic device that I purchased that did not require an adjustment. It worked fine at first but soon became difficult to turn. The second time I used it it did not work at all. The knob does not turn, and the "button" has a lot of resistance to it. I can turn the knob and then nothing happens, even with the light on. I finally broke the case. I did not give it 5 stars because it does not work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very happy to receive my first Voodoo 3.0. It has a very good build quality, the keyboard is very comfortable to type on, and it's a pleasure to use. However, I did experience the following issues:    The Voodoo3 has a terrible trackpad.   I found it very difficult to get a trackpad to work, but I didn't realize this until I went to the Apple store and got a new one.  This was the worst trackpad I have ever used.  It has tiny rubber buttons that are just too hard to press.  The mouse pointer does not have the same smoothness as the trackpad on the HP Pavilion dv6, and the cursor is very choppy.  If you want a mouse, buy the HP.  I also found that the keyboard had a lot of problems:  This keyboard is not backlit, the caps lock key doesn't work when I type, and my fingers keep hitting the wrong keys.  Also, the power button is very easy to press when you need it, but it has to be pressed all the way to the left side to turn the computer on, which makes me wonder if it's worth having it on the right side.  In conclusion, I was very pleased with my purchase, but will be sticking with the HP instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to purchase another wireless router for my family to use for gaming. The first one I purchased didn't work and I was disappointed with the price and customer service. This new one, I am glad I bought and it works perfectly. My family has been able to play online games since we switched from cable. Rated 5 out of 5 by katieb from Easy to install I needed a wireless router to use in our living room. This is the best one I have found so far. It is easy to install and has plenty of wireless options for multiple devices. I have had no problems with the router at all. The remote works great as well and the price is a steal.  Rated 4 out of  Reviewer: A Customer from So far, so good We bought this for our gaming PC in our bedroom. We needed to be able to use a wired wired connection to the router, but we didn't want to have to hook the computer up every time we wanted to use it. This worked fine, with no issues. We're very pleased with the purchase, and so is our gaming system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "The new Epson is a big improvement over the Epson 5000, but I still don't think it's worth the money. It takes a lot of practice to get the best results, and it's really hard to see the difference between this and the other models." A reader of my blog, who bought the Epsons Epson CX500 in November 2010, recently posted a review on e-reader site: "The epson Cx500 is my second epson. The first was the 5000, and I have been using that ever since. The 5000 was a good epson, but this is much better. I don't use it much anymore because the light output is a little low, but the colors are a lot better. And, the touch screen works much better than the 5000. The only drawback I have with this epson is that it has the best brightness of the epsons, but it has a bad battery life." In the review, the reader complains about the epson's touch screen. In the past, epson has made the eppones with touch screens. But I think the reader is wrong about the Eppons touch screen: The reader claims the touch touch screen is bad and has a short battery life. In fact, the Eppsons touch touch screens are the best of the touch screens in this category. Here are the numbers: The epson Epson 6000 (2009 model) has a battery life of 10.3 hours, the eppsons 6000 has 9.8 hours of battery life (the other epson 6000 has an average battery life between 9 and 10.2 hours). Here is another epson 5000. This is the one the reader reviewed: The 5000 has a average battery time of 11 hours (9.9 hours battery life). The 5000 is one of the best epson in terms of battery lives. Here are some other eppons (a lot of them have a battery light): The 5000 (8 hours battery time) - I use it a lot (it is my main epson) The Epson 7000 (10 hours battery) - it has an amazing battery life - but you have to keep the battery level under 80% and don't touch the screen much (it's the best) Epson 7000D (11 hours battery), the most powerful of the 5000 (6 hours battery, 7 hours on a charge) eppons 7000D with
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit will not support the iPhone 5. I bought a second-hand iPhone 4S, and the old device worked fine. This new model does not. This phone does not support voice calls over LTE, and has a really slow antenna. It also has no LTE signal, so calling from my old iPhone is a huge hassle. If you are going to buy this phone, be sure to get a case for it. It has a plastic front, and is quite flimsy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is an expensive, big, ugly and heavy device with a weak display. It has a lot of features but has a few problems. The battery lasts about a month on normal use and when the screen dies (it was not working properly when I received it) it has a horrible habit of randomly disconnecting and reconnecting. I tried a lot to get the screen to work (I have a lot more money than the $600 price tag) but it just refuses to work, just randomly turns off and on. I'm giving it a 1 star for having a screen that doesn't work. The power supply is a complete waste of time. I can't even get the computer to boot up. This is my first computer, so it was not my intention to purchase a computer with a bad power supply.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* The last two months I've been using my iphone iphones got a lot worse. The sound quality has gotten really bad. It would not sound good at all when I used to listen to music. The battery is not rechargeable and the screen would not light up at all. I have tried to send them back to apple and they told me they could not accept the return. So now I have no way of charging the battery because it was broken when I received it. I would never buy a new iphon again because of the quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   "The only thing I don't like about this monitor is the lack of an auto shut off when you touch the screen for about a minute. I find myself turning the computer on and off while the screen is on and not just when you shut it off. It's really annoying. It also takes a lot of time to turn it on and back off."   No Review helpful? Yes  No  Review by: Anonymous
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I am very disappointed in the purchase. The screen is very dark, the buttons are very hard to use, and the device is so poorly built. I bought the Apple Watch 2, and it is not as nice as the original. The watch is so cheap it is almost worthless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for 4 months now, and its pretty bad. the usb port is horrible, i have a bad feeling about it. when it's plugged in, it's very warm, and the usb is not rated to run at full speed. and the other problem is that there's no way to turn it off, even though the usb connector is on the bottom. there's a little wire hanging down, but its hard to see how to disconnect it. and when it works, it works. and if it works... it's a very bad usb port, but at least it works for a while. but the other thing about this is that you can't find anything on the internet about a replacement, or any tips on how to fix this problem, or anything. the whole thing just needs a better USB connector.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is so weak that I would rather use a real one. The screen has some issues, too. I bought the  Raspberry Pi 3 B+ and have not yet used it. I really hope I have the same experience as the others and not have to upgrade.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a very poor experience with my samsung smart phone that i bought in the spring of 2009 and it is still in use, i have it for almost 4 years now and the screen is very poor and has no screen protector and when i take it out of the box the screen falls off and has a very loose fit and the battery isnt very durable, but at least the screen has a clear cover over it. the speaker is weak, the camera is a poor model and the internet isnt as good as i had hoped. i have been looking for a new phone since i bought this one and i think i found a good alternative for my money and the price was a steal and the service i received was very quick and the device was very easy to install.  Rated 1 out of 5 by JZ from Poor Battery life, Poor Camera, Poor Video The device I purchased from the store was defective. The back cover was cracked and the whole device was leaking. The device was returned. I was able to get a new device at Walmart for only the price difference. The video quality is bad. You can barely see the screen and the camera takes a very long time to start and take a picture. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My first electronic device was a Nippon Denko Super-Navi-E1 in the '80's. I liked it and used it for about 15 years, but it broke after only a few months and I was looking for a replacement.   After searching the Internet for a few days, I found this device and I purchased it. The unit has been running well for a month. I have not yet tried to connect a keyboard or mouse to it, but that will be next on the list.  , but I have to say that I've been very disappointed with this product. It is very flimsy. The connection between the keyboard and the screen is so weak that when I tried to get a connection on the computer, I accidentally pressed down on the screen and the keyboard was damaged. The keyboard also had to be replaced because it was too stiff. The backlight on the unit is too weak to use with a LCD screen.   the keyboard is also too flimsy to use. the backlight and keycaps are flimsy, and the buttons are hard to press. I think the backlit buttons are the only ones that are okay, but the rest are flaky and won't work well with the computer.   and I have a hard time believing this will last more than a year. I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The thing is not bad. The problem is that the software sucks, and that is what I wanted out of it. I got the thing about a month ago, and used it a couple of times. It is a good quality device. The only problem is the software. I tried to use it on a PC and it didn't work. It was stuck on an OS X logo. I couldn't get it to switch back to Windows and use it like a normal PC. It would either not run the PC game that I bought or would crash when trying to play it. And I couldn' t get it running on Windows.   It is not a very expensive device, but it has been a big disappointment to me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is the worst  e-reader  that I have ever used. It is very hard to read and the only thing I can recommend is buying a good tablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for almost a year now, and its great. It has the features of a decent phone. Its not a fancy phone, but its fine for its price range. It does all the things that you would expect from a $300 phone. It is nice to have a screen that is a bit bigger than most other phones, but there are some cons to it. It's not very bright, the screen can be too bright if you turn it up, and it is pretty small. The battery life on the iphone 6s is terrible. I have only had it for a few days, but the battery life is not great. I only charge it to about 80% and it dies in about 5 hours. I also have had some other issues. When you use the usb cable to charge, you need to make sure to hold the usb port down and not let the cable fall out. Also, the ipad 6s have a really bad trackpad. It takes some getting used to to type on. The only other con is that its not waterproof, but I do not expect it to be in the shower. I'm just using it in the bathtub, and no problems so far.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: amazon.com
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a few months now. i love the fact that it can be used to do different things. the only problem is that it doesnt turn off when i turn it off. it is constantly on. i had to get it replaced. i really thought this thing would be worth it. but i guess i was wrong. it still works, but if i were to buy a new one it would probably be my last one. i would suggest looking for something a little more durable, like the kara pro 3 that ive been using.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Lmck from I love my kara Pro 3 but after the second time of using it the battery will not last a week. I have bought a lot of these kara products and have had a few failures and had to buy another one. I don't know why i am still buying it. I think the battery life will last at most a week, but not all that long. The screen is still good and the light up feature is awesome.  to the person who said it is a great product i say you are wrong.  and i think your warranty should be changed to 30 days which means if the battery is dead you should get a new battery in less than a week or two. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for over a year, and it has had a couple of battery issues but the biggest problem is the screen isnt bright, it isnt too big of a problem if you are not watching videos, but if you do, it makes your screen useless. i get this thing about 5 times a month to use for work, it just makes it harder to focus on a task if you dont have a bright screen. if i had to go to a store to buy a new tv, i would go for a tv with a bigger screen and brighter picture. overall, i just wish this wasnt a crappy tv.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Xtreme Audio USB DAC from Amazon, I like the sound quality.  However the only bad thing about this device is that it is extremely heavy and cumbersome to carry around.    As a portable device, it has the advantage of not being tethered to a laptop.  This makes it much easier to use while driving long distances.  It is very loud but is also pretty clear.  I also like the way the buttons are laid out, the volume controls are easy to press and the buttons on the side are nice.  Also, the usb port is quite good, although it is rather difficult to plug in and out of.  I have not tried it out on my computer yet but it should be great for use while working on my laptop.   It is not quite the sound of a high end DAC, but it is still a great DAC for those wanting a portable, small, and powerful sound.  In summary, if you are looking for a portable sound system, the XTA USB DAC is a good option. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** This is a nice device, but the battery has been dying after a few weeks. I have had this one for about 6 months. I bought this because it is the first of the brand, and I thought it would last a long time. However, after a week or two, the battery dies out, and the unit does not turn on. I would be willing to purchase another, but I'm going to try to return it and try a different brand. I've been using my Samsung for many years, and love the battery life, but this unit is a step down from that, and there's no way I can go back to a Samsung. The price is right for the device, and that's all I really care about.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Love this battery-saving product I've tried a variety of battery-saver gadgets and this is the one I like best. I use my cell phone for a wide range of applications. This battery-saver is the most versatile and powerful I have ever used. It works great with my iphone, and can save me several hundred dollars on a yearly bill.  (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been searching for an electronic device to do my homework. I have found a lot of different ones but this is the first that works for me. I did not find any problem with the device and it has the features I need. My school only has internet access so this device is perfect for me since my school only gets internet access for a few hours a day.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 25, 2009  By John from St Charles MO USA  Review: Great product  Pros: Fast delivery  Cons: Nothing bad to say  Value: Very good value for the money  Would you recommend this to a friend? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** *********************** I'm really disappointed. I've had this since it came out, and I'm not sure I want to use it anymore. The first time I used it, I found it very hard to use. It would often get stuck in the "up" position and I had to press the power button to reset it. I was using a computer with an internal battery and the internal battery was dying on me. So I had it hooked up to an external battery and that worked pretty well. The second time I tried to use the device I got a lot of static. It took about a week to get the problem fixed, but I'm still not satisfied with the purchase. I also had a problem with the USB port not working when the device is charging. That's pretty much a deal breaker. I will probably return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is the worst product I have ever bought. I'm a professional graphic designer, and I needed a printer for my work. I thought I would just get a $40 desktop printer, but I found this thing is not just bad. It is also cheap. You get what you pay for, and this thing will cost you a lot of money. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If it's a good thing that I don't have to worry about battery life, the battery life on this device is just awful. It lasts about a day on high. So, you're basically just using this for the charging and a couple of hours for the watch, which is ok but not great. I'm not a huge fan of the look of the watch. If it's just a regular watch, I'm OK with it but for the "fashion" I'd rather have a more stylish watch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 4 years now, and the worst part about it is that its been a couple of years now and it still doesnt have a way to sync up my iphone with the pc. it has a very nice case and a nice bluetooth speaker, but if ive ever bought another thing from apple ive always had to call customer service to get it to sync with my ips. also the sound on it is very muffled and it cant be used as a computer speaker. its just not worth it.  Review of DJ0268-01 Submitted By: James - Verified Buyer These are the best headphones I've ever used, period. I had a pair of Etymotic ER4's, and they were very good for the most part. I was also disappointed with the fact that they were on the heavier side (which I'm sure some people were) but the Sennheiser HD800's are a very close second. The sound quality is amazing. I have the S-300, S-400, and S-560 in the same cans, and it's a close match. The Sennhesier's are better on the low end, but the HD800s are very good at the high end. You get a better balance between the two. I'm very happy with the HD8's. I've had them for about a year now, but they still sound great. I just wish the cord was longer so I could keep them in my car. I wish these were $20.00 a pair. -James  Great Sound, Great Price! Submitted On: March 25, 2012 This is a great pair of headphones. The bass is extremely tight and powerful, the mids are very smooth, the highs are very present and detailed. The fit is perfect, they are comfortable, and I have been using them for over a year. I also like the fact I can connect the headphones to my iPhone with a Lightning cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a little over a year and it hasnt stopped working, it gets so hot it wont turn off and it cant shut off. the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the battery life is average and the wireless router hasnt worked since it was installed. I cant believe it would take this long to get something fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - It has been replaced by a newer model that has an even better picture.   Now I have the latest model which is very good, the only thing that I can say is that the screen does not change. It stays black and white.   the new one is a tad bit larger so it's more comfortable in the hand.  .  , and the last one is the one I'm still using, I really like the picture, but the buttons are so small and hard to press that it becomes a chore.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The original model is no longer in production. I purchased this one in 2009, and I still use it. But, it seems that this device is now discontinued. I'm sorry for the inconvenience.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not good at all This was a replacement for a broken item, and the quality is just not there. The plastic casing broke easily and is hard to repair. The battery is not protected and can break easily. It is extremely heavy and I had to use a knife to remove it from the box. The buttons and battery door is also very difficult to get out. It takes more than 3 minutes to remove. The device also has a very weak signal and does not work properly. The screen does not light up at all, and no sound comes from the device at all. If you are thinking about buying this, be very aware that the quality has dropped.  andy  From: USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this keyboard for my daughter. It came as she said it would and that is what you want to hear when buying anything. But as we both use computers I have had some issues. I bought a new keyboard for our PC so I can't use my old one. The first issue is that the backlight does not stay on. When you use the keyboard to type the back light will go off and you have to click on it again to turn it on. Also when you put the keys on the keyboard it is very difficult to get them to stay on with the keyboard on. The second issue is I have to remove the keyboard from the computer to use it. When I try to put the keyboard back on I have a lot of trouble and it seems like the back-light comes on every time I try. The other issue is it is not adjustable so it is hard to change the size of the keys. The third issue is the keys do not feel as good as they did on the old keyboard. The only positive is the warranty is good and they offer the free one year key replacement if they break. If you are thinking about buying this keyboard make sure you get it when it is at full price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- Pros: - Easy to use - Good battery life Cons: - Hard to hold - Loud sound - Bad screen - Poor build quality
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to get my head around a little thing called a usb plug. it has to be inserted into the jack at the back of the device, which is located on the other side of the unit. there is a piece of plastic attached to the plug, which i dont know how to remove, but i have read other people who have had similar problems. i tried using the other end of a cord as the plug and it didnt fit either. the only other thing i found odd about the plug is that it is made up of several parts. i think it would have been much easier to just buy the usb connector, rather than going through all this.   i was also hoping to get some of the newer devices with bluetooth capability. this wasnt a big deal for me because my other bluetooth devices work fine, but my previous device did not.   and the bluetooth adapter didnt even work on my older device either, but it may be that my older unit has different software for it.   theres no software for the newer models to run on. so i guess i need to get another one of those usb to serial adapters.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now and it works perfectly. but it has one major problem. it comes with a stupid usb cable, which i dont use because i have a macbook and a usb-to-usb adapter so its just as easy as a standard usb-c cable. i bought the usb-receiver adapter instead and i dont think that the usb cable is the problem. ive used it for two years now with no problems and i even gave it a 2 out of 5 because the mic is very scratchy. i got a decent one from ebay for a lot cheaper but if i had to do it over i would have gone with the receiver.  Review of DJ0279-04 Submitted By: Michael B - Verified Buyer I bought this amp to replace my broken DJ0277-08. It is great. The sound is better than my old one. I have a sony mx-m2 and the old one was horrible. I really don't like the tone of this amp. The old one sounds a little more clear than this one, but it sounds better overall. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a new amp. ,  Reviewer: Chris G. - Verification Requested - Verify - My Review I have been using my Pioneer DJX-S9 for years. The DJXS9 was my first CD player. It was a good unit, but the quality of the sound was not very good. I wanted to get a better unit, and that is what I have done. This is a very good sound and easy to use. I was able to get the best sound out of my old unit, with no need to change any of the components. The Pioneer DJ-XS96 is much better sounding than my original unit, which was a Sony unit. I also use it with the M-Audio MX-M2 and it sounds great. It's not quite as good as the Pioneer, but you get what you pay for. I like the fact that I can use it to do all my stereo stuff with my CD player and not have to go back to the CD player to get sound. I did have to take the power cord off of the unit, because it doesn't have a standard 1/8" plug. I am just happy that I did not have any problems with this unit. It has a great sound quality. I just wish that it came
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  It does what it's supposed to do but it doesn't always work. I bought this because I'm going to be on the road a lot so this thing is the only thing I can charge. I use it all the time but I wish it had a USB-C port so I could charge at home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! I just bought this thing. The sound is not bad, and I can still hear the radio. It's not great, but it's not bad. I would not recommend it, and if you want to hear the radios, buy a better one.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Chris from The best thing since sliced bread... The best radio on the market... if you have a radio in the car or a boat, this is the radio for you. It is easy to use and works flawlessly. It sounds great. I also love that I can use the wireless speaker on my car to listen to the radio as well as use my car speakers to play music from my iPod. You just can't beat it. If you want the best radio in your car, you need to get this radio. If not, go get a different one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few and every one has been horrible and unreliable. the screen on the first one that i got wasnt working for some reason, the next one had no battery and the third one was very cheap and unreliable but the worst was the fourth one that is now dead, it has a very low battery and is completely useless. and when you get it in your hand you can tell it has been dropped many times and has been on the floor a lot. this is not a good purchase.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a fantastic toy, I just wish it didn't vibrate so much. The design is great, and the vibration is perfect. Unfortunately, the vibrations are not quite strong enough for me. I find myself getting too excited and just wanting to use it all the time. If I didn't have to keep my house on a very high vibration setting, I would definitely buy this toy again.  What a wonderful toy! By jessica hanley I love the vibrator. My only problem is the vibration. I don't like that it goes through the night. It is a very good toy but I wish it had more vibration.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* I purchased this unit to be able to control my stereo and my TV. The first few days of using it, I was amazed how it worked. The remote was a little tricky to use, but once you got the hang of it it was easy. The only thing I didn't like about it was that the controls on the remote were a little hard to get to. I will probably replace it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Maddy from Great, simple, easy to use remote control This is a great product. I like the fact that it's small and easy to operate. It has a few minor problems. I found that the unit is not very loud. It's louder than the radio that's in my car, so I'm going to need a little louder speaker next time. Also, the buttons on the back of the remote are hard to use and sometimes you have to press them twice to get them to work. I think that this could be fixed if a couple of people were willing to pay a little more money for a better button design. -B  Reviewed by: Michael B. from Stereo & TV Remote I like this remote control for its simplicity, but the button layout could use a bit of work. It only has 4 buttons, and the volume buttons are hard pressed to the left and right, but I was able to get it to work by pressing the same buttons back and forth. The volume control on this unit is also difficult to operate because the knob and the button have different markings, but it is doable. I do wish the button for the button in the top right was different, but otherwise this is a good unit. : 4:1 :
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my new ipad 3 for about 3 months now and i dont like it very much. it doesnt have the power of the ipad 2 and the screen isnt as bright as the ipads 2. and theres no expandability so if your buying one just for the screen and not for expandability then this is the one to get, just dont expect anything too good out of it. the screen also bleeds when the ipod is in sleep mode and i have to put it back on every few hours to prevent it from drying out and ruining my screen. i have had my ipad for about a month now and the battery is at the end of it's life and it isnt charging very fast either. the ipods 2 charge so fast i can barely believe it. its just sad.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Perfect for me. This is the best iPad I have owned. I use it for work, school and home. I can watch video and surf the web on it all day long. The camera is great too. It is so fast and I have yet to use my new tablet for anything but the video and photo editing. The only thing I wish it had was the ability to have it sync with my macbook. It would be amazing to be able to download my pdf files to my ipod and be able see them on my computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________  This product did not work well for me. I bought it to use with my iPad Air, but the connector had a tendency to break and I have to constantly replace it. It also did not charge my iPad. Also, when the screen is not on, it takes a long time to go from full brightness to full brightness, and I can't turn it off with the power button because it's a little hard to press. I can only use it at night.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 22, 2016  Good Product  by A Customer from Los Angeles CA USA  Pros: Compact and well designed  Cons: None  Review: I bought this because it is small and light weight. It is small enough to fit in my bag and easy to charge. The battery life is great. I do recommend this for those who like to use their device on the go. .  in the future i would like to see a little better screen than the one you can see on the screen...  I also bought this with a wireless charger but the charger does not come with the cable that comes with the case, so I have no idea if it will work with it..  the case itself is really small and doesn't cover all of the ports and buttons on the back.  I recommend that you order the case separately, so you have a place to stick the cable.. Overall, good product. ,  Would recommend to a friend,  (0 people voted)  Great Product  a good value!   by Anonymous from San Diego CA USA   Pros Cons Light weight  Works with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge  Battery life not as advertised  Lightweight  Nice design Cons No usb port  Needs a usb to micro usb adapter  (1 person voted)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have been using this for over a year now, and it is great at what it does, but the battery life is not that good. I have a lot of different gadgets, but when I run out of juice, the phone just goes dead. This is why I had to get the Galaxy S7 Edge. I am so glad I bought the Note 7 because now I can use it all the time. It is so much better than a dumb phone.  by: Anonymous on 9/15/2018  Product: Cube 2  I have had this cube for a few months now, but I just got the cube 2 and it's fantastic. I've never had an issue with it. It's super easy to operate, has great speed, and doesn't drop the cube everytime I pull the trigger. I would recommend this cube to anyone!  Write a positive review about the product: ------------ I have purchased this cube before and have had no problems. I just bought a Cube 2 and I'm very happy with it, so glad the price is so reasonable!  the only thing I don't like is that the trigger isn't the same size as the trigger on the original cube, but you could adjust the size if you wanted to. the cube itself is great. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a great cube for $20.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received the item for review and it arrived just in time for a long week at work, which was my first time trying an electric drill. The drill has great range, but it is so hard to start that I always have to push a button or twist the handle to get it started. The only thing that makes it useful is that it has a battery backup, but the battery life is so short that I usually have to replace it. It is not a bad product, but I'm very disappointed in the design.    Rated 1 out of 5 by jw from I bought the corded drill about a year ago. I use it almost every day for general cutting. When I first bought it it did not have the 3 1/2" drill bit... I bought a corded Drill about ayear ago.I use italmost every dayFor general cutting.. When I got it it had a 2 1/4" drillbit.. I bought it for general cutin... The drill came out of the box a little scratched, but that has since been fixed. The power cord is very cheap...I bought the same cord at Home Depot and it's cheaper.  The drill works great for the price. The price is right and it looks nice. The problem is the drill is not easy to start. The handle has to be twisted or pushed in order to start the drill. I have not seen a better quality drill for the money. .  the price on the cord is good, but its hard to get started when the cord has to go in, out and back in.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I ordered this for a friend for Christmas and was very pleased with it. I would have given this 5 stars but the sound of the sound card did not go down at all. I tried turning the volume down to zero and still the volume was at maximum. The only way to get it to go down was to use the remote to switch it off.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the WORST device ever made! I bought this for my wife, because she's a big fan of games like Mario Kart, and she wanted a controller with a good feel to it.   I can't even get the button to work. It is almost impossible to press it with my index finger and the tip of my thumb at the same time. I can't push the power button at all. The joystick has no grip and the buttons feel really cheap.  : )   The only good thing about this controller is that it's wireless. It has a small problem with the wireless function not being able to be turned on, which makes it useless.  Click to expand...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit for my dog, and he loves it! However, he had a few issues with the wireless connection, and I'm very disappointed. First, he couldn't use the wireless transmitter with his collar. It wouldn't stay connected. Secondly, his dog toy was constantly dying and never would work! I gave up on it and ordered a new toy to replace it. The new toy works great, but my dog is still very unhappy. Rated 5 out of 5 by BH from Great for my older dog I bought this for my 4-year-old boxer mix and she loves it. She can't wait to use it. I purchased the wireless for her because I don't have the space to charge the wireless charging pad. The product is very easy to install and it's very easy for her to use. I am very satisfied with the product. I recommend it to anyone with a small dog or a big dog.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Roto-Rooter  for my son to help him learn to drive. The Rotor-R-ooter is a wonderful tool to help teach children how to drive safely. Unfortunately, the device is not waterproof and the button for changing the battery does not work. So, it's not waterproof, and I'm not a fan of this particular device because of the poor design. Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Disappointing  The product is just a gimmick. The idea of a remote control car is nice, but the remote control is way too complicated. You have to go into the garage to change the batteries. You need to have a tool kit to change batteries. And, after changing the batteries, you need to get another remote control and use the one on the remote to change battery. If you're just getting into driving, you might not use the car at all, but if you're serious about it, this might be a good way to learn.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a Christmas present from my daughter who is going to college. It took me a while to figure out what I was doing wrong, and then it took another week to figure it out myself. It finally came together after I found out that the USB cable is the same as the power cord for the phone. I have an Android device and this just doesn't work at all. I don't even want to use the computer. It also doesn't come with the necessary drivers. I'm not even sure if it's a good idea to try and use it in a computer, but I did, and it just doesn t work. I really wish I had found this sooner! 4 out of 5 stars Marnie Marni Great product, and a wonderful service! My son needed a new keyboard and my daughter needed a printer, so we got them. I like the fact that you can customize it. The instructions are clear, and the whole process is easy. My only complaint is that the printer only comes in black and white, which is a little disappointing. The black color would have been better than the white one, because my son's printer is a black and a white, and I'm a little sad to see that the only color he can get is black and the only printer that comes in color is the black one. 5 out of 6 stars Michelle M. I bought this for my husband. We bought this because it is the only keyboard that he has been able to use. I had to order it online, which made it a little easier. We got it for him to use in our living room. It was simple to use and he was able to type on it with no issues. We will definitely be purchasing from them again. I will definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a good keyboard that they can use at home. 4.5 out 5 stars Mary Jane This is my second computer keyboard for my son. I was very pleased with the ease of use and the great customer service I received from you. We were not able to find the exact model of the keyboard we wanted at the store, but when I emailed you about it, you quickly responded to say you had it and that I should expect it by the next day. My son loved it and now he's playing video games and has more time for homework. 3 out of 4 stars Sue S I ordered this keyboard and it came with a white cable. I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone5s!!!i bought the phone 6 months ago and it has been very bad. It just stopped working all of a sudden and i have had to go through the trouble of getting the phone replaced twice now, and even though the replacement phones work great it's still not right. I had a previous phone from apple and i was very happy with it. i would not recommend this phone for anyone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, August 07, 2013  by A Customer from United States  Review: The phone has no problems, so far.  the only problem is it's battery is a little tight  was this review helpful to you is was this review useful to you? Yes No Monday, June 28, 2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using the S4 since January, but I'm about to move to the S5 because of the faster processor. I have to say, though, I'm not impressed with the phone at all. I get a lot of lag when I'm doing anything. Sometimes it's just too laggy, and it's annoying to say the least. But the thing is, it's pretty much the same as my S3 (I have a Galaxy S4 and S5). It's not bad, but it's not great either. My only recommendation is that it should come with a micro SD card slot. Also, it is very easy to drop my phone, so I recommend that you buy a case for it, because that's how I dropped mine. It doesn't even have a protective case, so it's basically useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen goes black with no warning.  I have been told that the screen is a "refurbished" screen but that is NOT the case.    This is a screen that is completely useless.  I am in the middle of a project where the screen on the phone does not work.  My sister has an iPhone 7 and she says it works perfectly.  The other day, I went to the store and the clerk said the same thing.  It's an amazing product but I just don't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product a year ago and was so excited about it. The first thing I tried was turning it on with the batteries. I noticed that the device was in the middle of a charge cycle, but no charge was showing on the meter. I was pretty disappointed and tried turning the device off, but it wouldn't go off. I couldn't get the power off. The device was working great before I bought it and now it's not. I ended up throwing it away. Overall:    This is a decent unit, but there is a lot of noise from the motors and it has some issues with the power supply. Pros:  - Great battery life - Very quiet motors - Small size - Good battery life and battery life is the best thing Cons: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you like the design of the Apple iPad, you may not like the usability. The screen is small, and the buttons are hard to use. The keyboard is a pain to type on. The buttons on the keyboard are very small. The iPad is not the easiest tablet to use, and it is a little bulky. The next reviewer: "I have to say that I am very disappointed in this tablet, because it has all the features of the iPad, but the screen is smaller and has to be pushed with your thumb. Overall:    This is a very good tablet, and for a little extra money, it's really worth it. The size is perfect for me and the fact that it is light, compact, and portable is a great advantage for it." The only complaint is that the iPad is a bit bulky, but you get what you pay for. I am an iOS user. I have tried a few different devices over the years, and I am finally giving up on Apple and their iPad. This is the worst iPad I have ever had the pleasure of owning. I feel as if it is made to be used in a computer room with a keyboard and mouse. It is too large for my small hands. The fact that the keys are small and the keyboard has some weird design makes it a nightmare to use in a small room. The touch screen is so far from being responsive and accurate that I have to keep my fingers crossed it can be fixed. I really have to wonder why Apple made this. They were going to make a really good device and then they make it so bad. If you are looking for a tablet for a Mac, this is the one for you. If, like me, you are a iOS user, you will be disappointed. Rated 4 out of 5 by kyler from Good tablet, just don't use it for more than 1 hour at a time It's nice to be able to use a computer or laptop with a tablet, but I have found that my iPad gets too hot after about 1 hour on the lap. I use it mostly for reading and emails on my lap. The other reviews say it's a great tablet for productivity, but if I'm working on a document and trying to do something else, the iPad just gets too warm. If I want to use it all day, I just plug it into my laptop and it's fine. If you want a good tablet and don
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a few times. the buttons don't work properly and theres a tiny screen. it's very small, and not very easy to hold with the thumb and index finger.  Rated 4 out of 5 by David from Works well but not perfect This is a decent little camera for the price. It is not the best camera on the market, but it works. It has a small LCD which shows a live preview and a movie mode which has a good amount of movie quality, but is a bit slow for a DSLR. It does not come with a lens but you can buy one with your camera. It also does not have the ability to take pictures underwater which is a disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a nice piece of kit but I am sorry to say that it is a flimsy plastic.  It will get broken easily and is not very strong.  I bought this as a gift for my son but he has now broken it!   This is great for the price but if you don't know what you are doing I would advise that you get a real  It was not good at all.   The whole unit broke after a couple of days.  The light comes on but it doesn't work.  There is no battery life and I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!   The unit itself is a great device, but the problem is the user manual. The instructions on how to use the unit are bad. First off, the instructions are so bad that they are not even usable. The user manual for the MCE has been on the net for years and it is still bad. It is so confusing that you can't even figure out how to operate the unit, it is that bad.   As for the unit itself, it works great. It can pick up my phone calls and text messages and I can use it to listen to music and the phone's speaker.   and I don't like the idea of a cell phone that will automatically lock up when I get a text message or phone call from my daughter because if I get in the car and she gets a text, I can't get my phone out to answer it, because the lock up system is activated.   on a positive note, I use my cell phone to answer my daughter's calls and it does come back to me.   the only other thing I don' t like about the phone is that it is so light and it doesn't work well if I am in a hurry.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this item as a present for my boyfriend, he is a huge computer geek and was thrilled to receive this item. The box was nicely packed and arrived with a message stating the item was shipped. I opened the box and found that it was well packed, no damage and a nice padded insert for the battery. It came with a USB cable to charge it. The device is not working and it is extremely hard to plug in to charge and the display shows the battery level at only 10%. I called my boyfriend who is not a computer geek but has been using an iPhone for several years and said that he would have to buy a new one for it to work properly. I would not recommend this item at all. I do not recommend anyone to buy this item unless they are very sure they need to buy it, you do not want to waste your money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a couple of this for a few years now and have had no problems. i do not care for the plastic but overall, i dont find the plastic to be a problem. theres a couple that have problems with the touch screen but the rest of them are pretty good. i just don't like the plastic at all. I will not be buying this one again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by David C. from Works great with a phone or tablet Bought this to control my old phone/tablet through the computer. I'm glad I did. Works flawlessly.  of the 5 stars. I had an issue with the first model I bought that was related to the power supply (it was not working properly). I called LG and the techs were very helpful. The problem was rectified. I recommend this product.  the only thing is it has a plastic case that you can break. but I am not sure why they use plastic cases.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------I purchased a new Samsung Galaxy S4 and it was the worst experience ever! I called customer support and they did nothing and said that it was a defective phone and I was stupid to buy it because they would send a new one out. I didn't even bother to contact the manufacturer to get a refund because I'm not going to get my money back. It took 4 weeks to get the new phone and it still sucks!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I was a little hesitant to buy this, but after using it, I'm glad I did. The sound quality is pretty good. I've used a few different sets of this for other projects, and have had no problems at all. The problem is that the batteries keep running out, and there is no way to turn the power off (not that I have a way to connect to the power source). I just bought a couple of new batteries and hope that this one will last for a long time. It's a bit noisy, but that can be fixed with some cabling. I'm just not sure how long I can wait.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s Plus has a bad design, not only does it make your hands sweaty but you can never feel the phone in your pocket without your palm getting wet. The design is also a little too big for my small hands, it just sits there and does not allow me to reach all the buttons on the back of the phone. If I had a 5 inch phone I'd have no problems reaching the buttons, but with this one it's a little awkward. And the charging port is too close to the screen for my liking. The battery life is mediocre at best. I've had a couple of days and only had a few hours of battery left. Also the only thing good about the phone is the camera, but it's not the best out there. This phone is a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I'm not happy with the way this device works. I bought it for my husband to use for his business. When he uses it for business it takes a long time to get his messages sent. I'm sure it would be much faster, but I don't care for the way the device works as it's not very user friendly.  Customer Service Response: Hi there! We're sorry about your experience! We have a few tips for you: - Be sure to use the correct email address to use your SmartPhone - The Smartphone does have a built in data connection and we suggest you try and set up a wifi connection if you haven't already - It will also send the email when you first set up the device (usually within 24 hours) to make sure it's working correctly. Hope this helps, if you have any questions, please feel free to email us. Have a great day!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** My laptop died about 4 months ago and I tried the best I could to restore the memory and hard drive. The only thing that I didn't expect was that it wouldn't boot anymore. I was using the laptop at work for a month before I could find a fix to this problem. I tried a few of the recommended fixes and finally had to buy a new laptop. After a week I tried to use the laptop again and to my shock it didn't boot up at all. I spent an hour trying to figure out what the problem was and finally found a solution. My laptop is now working again and I would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a good computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very pleased with my purchase of the iPhone 5S.  It is very easy to use and it is very powerful.    This is the best phone I have ever had and I am a very happy owner.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have a Sony Playstation 3, I have been buying the new one and the ps3 has become very unreliable, I went back to my old one, and after installing the new usb hub and a few usb cables, I started having issues with my ps3 not being able to connect to my wireless network, and then it would just go into an endless loop, if it is able to sync with my wireless router, it wont sync. Also, the sound is a little tinny, but you can still play the games and it runs smooth and smooth. I would recommend this if you want a ps3 but if you don't need a ps4, its not worth the money.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device a few weeks ago and had to return it, I had to cut the cable to the wall because the plug was too long. The device was made very cheaply, and the cable was a nightmare to work with. I have to buy a new one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mike from Good for the price I like the product and it's easy to use. I wish the cord was a little shorter, but I am happy with the purchase. I like it so much that I bought another one for my garage.  to buy this item
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this for my son and he's been using it ever since. It works great, but it's really not the best quality. The first day I plugged it in, the display started going blank. After about a day of use, it died again. I bought a new one and it works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I bought this thing for my husband and I to watch our dog on our balcony from the living room but I am having a bad time with the screen. The screen is really thin and I don't think it will last a long time. The remote is not the best either, the buttons are small and difficult to get to but not the worst thing about this device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 17, 2016  Great product  by C from San Antonio TX USA  Pros: I use it on a small tv in my living room to watch my favorite shows.  "Easy to set up"  Cons: The remote control doesn't work.  the remote is made of plastic, it is hard to use. , I bought this device for my wife and I, to watch on our tv. We've watched several of the episodes on Netflix. We are very pleased with this device and highly recommend it. The controls on the device are simple and easy to use, and the remote controls work fine. I would definitely recommend this device to others. It's a little small for our room but if we want to watch something on the big screen, this device is perfect.  with this remote, it's so much easier to use on our big screen tv. .  in the end, I'd say, I'm satisfied. I just wish it was a little bigger. Was this Review Useful to you?: Yes No Saturday, February 22, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  I'm a heavy user of computers. The iMac is my main work computer, but also I have a Windows 8 and a Raspberry Pi.  The iMac came with a wireless keyboard and mouse. I was pleased to find that the keyboard was the same size and shape as my Mac. But the mouse had a strange clicky type of click that I didn't like. The mouse had some sort of spring to it and made a lot of noise as it moved. The screen was so dim, and had a hard time showing the content on the screen. The computer is so slow and not worth the price of admission. :D  by: Anonymous on November 04, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound of the sound card was very poor. The speakers are pretty decent and not at all bad but the sound is terrible, even at low volume.    Rated 1 out of 5 by Mark from Sound is horrible I bought this speaker because of the name. I bought it at a great price and then it was delivered and no sound card. The speaker was not working. I called the company and they said it would take a week to get back to me but it didn't. I then tried to return the speaker but it had been returned and the return was not accepted. I was very upset because I was told the speakers would work but I guess it didn´t.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 of these and had problems. The first one had a very short battery life, it would charge and not work for days. The second one would charge, but only for about 2 hours, the screen would not turn off, the speaker would not work, the phone would not even turn on. The third one worked fine, but the batteries are so bad they dont last more than 2 weeks and the phone wont turn on at all. I think the company should stop making these and get rid of them. If you dont want to buy these, go with an LG or Samsung. I would not buy another. I am very disappointed with this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** I just purchased a new laptop. I love it. I use it for work and I love the keyboard. However, the trackpad is very annoying. I had to use a separate mouse for almost a year and it got very sticky and slow. Now that I have a better mouse, I love this trackpad. If you want a good mouse, get a better one, not this one. I bought the Lenovo X201 because it's a great price for a laptop and it's very portable. Unfortunately, this laptop is a waste of money and a disappointment. The trackpad gets extremely sticky very fast. I think this is an issue with the design of the track pad. It's very hard to wipe it clean. The mouse is not bad, but it's just as bad. It works fine if you're on the move, but if you don't need a mouse, then get a decent one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I was looking for a device that was easy to use and could charge my laptop. I bought this for my laptop, but the usb ports don't work on it and I can't get it to work with my phone. If you don't have a usb device, don't buy this. I wish it was more expensive. -------------------------   1 out of 5, reviewed on Jan 18, 2017  0 of 1 people found the following review helpful: Good Value I had used the old USB cables for a few years but they had gotten quite brittle and would easily break. So I searched for something better. This was exactly what I was searching for. I have no complaints and it's very simple to use. If the price is high, then you can probably do without the built in LED. If your laptop or phone doesn't have enough power, you can easily get a spare from Amazon for about $10. I'm sure you can find a spare with just a few cents. So if you need a simple way to charge your phone, this is a good option.  Good Value I have used the older USB cables with my laptop for a long time and finally had to try a new cable. I was very impressed with the speed of this one, it charges my phone very fast! The only problem is that it does not charge my computer at all, only my phone, but I am very satisfied with this purchase!  Great product but not worth the price! I love my new wireless charging device. It charges my Nexus 6 faster than the old cables and I'm not disappointed with the price either. However, I wish the usb port on my computer was also included. It's a minor inconvenience, but still.  the usb connector on the back is very small so I can only fit it on my laptop and my phone (Nexus 5) is not compatible so it doesn't charge. It would be nice if it came with a spare too. Overall, I like the device, it's simple to setup, it works, and it works quickly. I just wish it came without a usb port.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The sound quality is great and the features are great but I've never had an issue with it being on a plane. If it wasn't for the annoying fan noise I would be happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the blu ray for a little over a month now and it works great. i would give it a 10 if it didnt have that annoying little beep at the end of the movie that lets you know you have a new movie. i really like the movie itself but the beep during the credits just ruins the experience. so annoying.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ipod mini that died after about 2 months. its not a problem for me, but its annoying when its running down batteries. but i cant believe that there is no support for these cheap products. i guess i will just buy a sony xt and hope for the best.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a month and its been nothing but bad. the screen is terrible, i can see white smears and black smears when i look at it. the call quality is horrible, i have had several calls with no sound, the call goes straight to voicemail and i cant get through to call back. i can't imagine why someone would buy this phone, its not worth it. it is like someone put a piece of garbage on top of a new phone. i have to use my new android phone for everything.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************  I love the sound of my i-pod but the problem is it does not have the full functionality of my iphone. I can't hear the radio when I am driving, it takes forever to find songs to play and if I want to listen to the radio, I have to go to the store and buy the i-pad. If the i pad is so good why don't they just make a version with an external battery that can power the ipod. Also the sound quality is terrible. The best i-pods have the quality of the car radio. I wish i could just use the iphones internal batteries for my ipod  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! If you are buying this for a game and you have a hard time controlling the camera, you will have a great experience. If you want a great gaming experience then you will need to purchase a new computer. The monitor is only good for watching a movie or a TV show and not for playing. I bought it to play the game but I got bored.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really wanted this to work, but my husband and I both tried to use it on our computers, and it just doesn't work at all. It is very loud and annoying.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a bad device, I am not a big fan of it. I am very disappointed in this product. I have purchased two of these units and each one failed. The first one I received had no battery. The second one was very difficult to turn on. It is not a bad product but the manufacturer should be careful with these things. It should have made them a little easier to turn off and on. I did not want to send the product back for refund but I am forced to do so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product is a joke. The USB connector is very poor quality, the cable is made of cheap wire and is cheap and thin. I am currently using my computer to run a small fan, and the fan does not stop spinning. I have read the instructions several times, and I still have not figured out how to turn it off. If you want to be able to turn on your computer and charge your phone, then this is a good product, but you would be better off getting a USB extension cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product about 4 times and i've always been pleased. the one that i got was a bit broken, the usb plug broke. i'm still using the second one i got though.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 20, 2013  Excellent Product  by A Customer from CA CA  Pros: Simple to use. .  the best price  Cons: None  Review: Worked perfectly, easy to use, and the quality is better than expected.   WasThis Review Helpfulto you? No ( 0 )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this and it works great for a simple device like this, it's a bit slow but it can handle a very low amount of sound. The sound is clear and loud enough for a phone call. The only thing I can't stand is that the power button is located in the middle of the device, it was uncomfortable to push it. I got it because I wanted to use the phone without looking at it and not having to look at the top. It's a great device but it just can't compare to other devices on the market.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________________________________________  Great product! - May 17, 2017 I like the way the phone is designed, and the way it works. It's a great size to carry around, and looks great in your pocket. It works well. I was a little concerned about the screen being dim and having to use the brightness control to make it brighter. But it's not, and it makes up for the brightness problems with the audio quality. I haven't used any other mobile phone, but I'm very happy with my decision to buy this one.  It is great - May 3, 2017 It works great.  is not great. The phone is too big and not comfortable in the hand.  was really happy with it until the phone stopped working in 1 month, the screen is not bright. , my phone is back.  that is why i gave a 5 star. The screen is too bright and the sound is terrible. It is not a good phone for a beginner. .    Pros: Good phone, good price, good quality Cons: screen dims too much and the phone doesn't charge at all. I like it more now.  (1/10)  - March 28, 2017 Great phone for the price - December 26, 2016  Very good phone! - December 23, 2016 I love the size and looks of the phone! I bought it for the looks and to be able to fit in my pocket. The camera is not the best, but it is very good for the size. I love that the earphones are on the back of the device. The only thing I would change would be the charging cable. The one that comes with it is not long enough and I wish it was longer, as it gets in the way of my hands. Overall, it's a really good phone and I am glad I got it! (5/5)  the best phone on the market - November 29, 2016 The best phone I've ever had. The audio quality is amazing, the interface is easy to use, and with the volume buttons, you can't go wrong. The battery life is fantastic, and I've never had a problem with it.  a very good device for the money - November 16, 2016 This is a very well priced device. It has all the features I want from a mobile phone. The fact that it is a flip phone makes it even better, as you can flip it to your
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   A poor product, no features. I can't use it for a long time and it is so heavy. I got it at a discount, but it is a terrible device, I wouldn't recommend it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great product for a reasonable price but the build quality is not good. If you don't need the volume control, just get the volume of your phone and use this. But if you need to control the volume and have the volume knob on your phone, then get the cheap one with no volume control.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My wife bought me this unit on a whim a few weeks ago. I was pretty excited because my iPod touch (4th gen) is a big, heavy, cumbersome piece of junk that gets everywhere. But the unit is really just a plastic box that plugs into the wall and has two buttons. One is a volume up/down button and the other is a power button. The first time I used it, it just wasn't very responsive at all. The volume up and down buttons didn't move at all, and the power button was in a weird position. I think my iPod is just really heavy. But it still works and I'm pretty happy with it so far.   Pros:  -Doesn't get lost in a pocket  --Light weight  Cons:  is a little light in the hand   Other Thoughts: -I wouldn't get this one unless you don't use your iPod often. I've only used it for about 5 minutes at a time. I haven't tried the iPad app yet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an apple watch since the day it came out and i hate it. i have tried it over the last few weeks and i cant find anything wrong with it. its a really good watch but the battery life is a joke. you cant go an entire day with it because it dies within a few hours. there are other good watches out there but the apple watch is the worst i have ever owned.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The charger I received was faulty and the cable I got is broken. This is an electronic device, not a computer. It doesn't have to be an expensive device either. I would be happy if you changed it to a proper one with more power. This one is not good enough to be a desktop computer. I wouldn't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I had the worst experience with this item. I wanted to buy this as a backup to my MacBook Pro, but it has no battery backup. When the power cord broke off the machine, it didn't seem to get much use, and the touchpad was not responsive. It also didn't appear to be backed up by any USB power sources. It's really annoying to have to deal with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This item is just awful! I bought this because it had an alarm that went off if it was turned off, but it was an electronic alarm that wouldn't turn off when it was off. It also had a light which was dim and a buzzer that wouldn`t work. The light only lasted about an hour and the buzzer didn`t do anything. It had to be turned off manually. I bought a different model. This model was a huge mistake.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product. Works perfectly. Only con is that the light stays on for long periods of time. I have a 5 year old that has had this since he was 4 years old. I think the alarm sounds good too.  the only con is if you have a lot of items that are not plugged in and it will be a constant reminder to turn the alarm off. I don`t know why they made the alarm only sound when it is turned off though.  and i have to turn off the alarm at least 4 times a day. ,  I wish it worked the way the description said. I can`t turn the lights on when the alarm is turned on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________ This is the best purchase I ever made. It works exactly as advertised. I have two other devices of this type and this one is the only one that does not seem to overheat, or make a buzzing noise. I'm very pleased with the product. _______________________________________________________________________ I've owned two other chargers (Apple's charger and a $15 one from a local store) and I find this one to be the best, and a very good value. I don't like that it takes a little more time to charge the iPhone. I prefer to charge my phone at the same time as charging the charger, which is a good feature. ______________________________________________ I use this charger with my iPhone 4S. I like the fact that I can have my iPhone charging when I'm away from home, or in the car. I think it's a great value for the money. _________________  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from good value, very nice This is my second Apple charger. The first one was a defective and the replacement unit is very similar but is better in many ways. I purchased this one for my Apple iPhone 5. The charger is a little on the large side, and the plastic seems a little cheap, but it has the correct plug. The only con I have is that there are not many Apple chargers available. If you don't want to pay for an entire Apple store or an authorized reseller, this is a great option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The design is so ugly and the touch screen is awful.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a nintendo that died after 2 months and had to get a new one and they charge $35. I tried to get the replacement, and after going through multiple reps theres a good chance that i get the same device again. Its not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for a year now and I am absolutely in love with it but i cant find a good charger and i havent had any issues with my phone charging with this device it charges my phone at around 80% its very powerful and easy to use i would definatly buy another one of these  Rated 4 out of 5 by mck1 from Great I bought this to replace an older Samsung S5. I liked the feel of the device, the large size, and the extra battery. It does take a bit of getting used to the quick-charge and power-saving options, but the extra space on my desk and the nice build quality are definitely a good deal. I use it a lot with my Galaxy S5 and it's not too much of a hassle to use.  Rating: 5 out of5 stars.  and the price was good. the device was fast to charge, but i dont like the fact that the battery life is not very long. i think the extra batteries are a good idea to make it last longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device on and off for about a year now and its a good device but its a pain to use it ive tried different buttons for the power and volume up buttons and everytime i press them its hard to get it to go back down the screen to normal so now when i press the power button it just takes a while for it to turn back on ive been using this for about 3 months now and i have the old device for years but this one is just awful i use it at work to type on and at home i use to type with it and its just a pain in the ass to use i think the usb port is very bad the only reason i gave it a four is because its so cheap and ive had other cheap usb devices but this is by far the worst i have ever used and if i dont pay more money to get a better one ive got a $100 USB mouse so i amnt going to pay $40 for this.  Good for a cheap phone, not so good for a phone!  It has a small button and the power is on the back, but i have to be a little careful and hit the power key very fast. Also, the volume control is a bit flaky and the back light is also flaky. If the phone would have a screen like a phone, I would give it a 5 star, but the screen is not like a good screen, and the volume keys are really small. I would only recommend this if you have the $5 phone or $30 phone, but it is so cheap I could give it to my sister and she would use it every day!  the phone is cheap. I have used this on andoff. it takes a few seconds to get up to normal volume on the phone. But I would buy it again and get a good one  i love the cheap phone. but i also have a cheap usb adapter and i dont know how to use that and the USB cable isnt a good cable  this is a cheap little phone but it works. I like it but it seems to be flaky sometimes  the battery lasts only a few days. The screen is flaky (doesn't turn off) and the buttons are a little small and the battery is so weak that it dies after a few hours. This phone is also so cheap it does not even come with a charger and the charger is so small that I can't plug it into
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! The product is ok. It's very small and it works great. But the design is very ugly. The case is really bad and I can't understand why they didn't just use a black plastic case. They should redesign this thing so it looks nice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a few times now and its always a hassle trying to get it to work. It gets stuck every time and is very difficult to get working. It seems to be very unreliable and has been going out for years now. If you are looking for a device that wont die then this is a good option but if you are a serious person and you are going to use it every day like i do then this thing is for you but it will be a hassle for you to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for over a year and its always died.  Theres nothing wrong with the device, but it dies in a matter of weeks no matter what I do to it. The only thing I can think of is the batteries are old and don't last as long as they used to.  and the software isnt very good. ,  I've had my G10 for over 1 year now and it's just died. I don't have an issue with the product itself but its not being reliable. If you buy this it's going to die within a few months. I've had it replaced twice with no issue. The first time I took it to the service center, it was only a problem with the battery. I had the replacement done again and got the same result. I guess its just a defective battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The only problem i had with the product is the fact that the micro usb cable does not fit all the time. --------------- I have had this keyboard for over a month now and i have been very happy with it. I have the blue one and it's been working perfectly so far. I bought this for my girlfriend as she uses her computer a lot and was looking for a good keyboard. It is easy to use and the key caps are nice and small. I think the only problem with this keyboard is the usb cable doesn't fit every time, i have to get a second usb cable or a different one. Overall i love it and will probably buy a black one next time --------------- Pros: - Looks nice - Key caps are really nice - Very easy to install - I love that it has macros and macros can be set per key Cons: - USB cables are not always the right length (for me it was a bit short) - Not as light as i thought it would be Overall i would recommend this product
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great sound device but it is not a true stereo headphone. I am able to hear music and talk to the other person in the room but not really hear each other's voices or music. It is just too small and too far away for a true surround sound. I also bought a 2nd one for my son.   Would have given this product 5 stars had I known what the sound was like. I guess my only regret is I don't think I will ever get another stereo system as they are just too pricey and not worth the money. I do like the music I listen to but not as much as I like the surround sound sound system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The device was very easy to use, and the screen is good. The keypad does not work on my computer, so I'm unable to use the computer. The device is very light weight, and very easy for anyone to carry around. However, the unit does not have an external power source, so one should have a USB to 5 volt power adapter. I purchased one, but it didn't work on the unit I received. The unit also does not appear to have a back light. This is an obvious flaw, as back lights are a nice feature on a portable device. I also purchased a second unit that works fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this iphone for over a year now, it gets very hot and starts smoking and burning out after a few months, so i got a cheap samsung and that works much better, it still burns and smoke but the samsung is more reliable and has a longer battery life, this one doesnt even have a charger, i would not recommend this ikea or any other iphones.  Did you find this helpful? 24 of 26 Found Helpful  Rajee  5  Reviewed by:from NJ. on 3/29/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for a couple of months now. i have no problems with the sound, however i do have to be careful about the button on the back, it has a tendency to turn the volume all the way up. the only other thing that bugs me about this unit is that the micro usb port for the phone is a little small for the port to sit flush with the port. not a big deal, but just something to be aware of.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this a month ago and it works fine, but the USB port is not plug in anymore when i plug in my phone.  This review is from:   I am a long time Apple user. I love my MacBook, iPad, iphone, ipad, and many more. But, when I first received the ipad air I thought it was great, I love the touch screen. So I bought the ipads and soon after I was having the same problem. I can connect my ipad to my macbook but it will not turn on. I was told this would be resolved in a few days but today it is still not resolved. I am using the apple usb port to connect my phone to the ipod but it also won't connect. Please help
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a very good device. It works well for a small device and the remote control is easy to use. I am using it for a few things at a time and I like it a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to replace my old Apple laptop. This was the first laptop I have ever owned and I am very impressed with it. I bought it for my wife as well and we both love it. It is super light and compact. The only reason I don't give it a 5 star is because the power cord that came with it was broken. The old one had a loose cord. When I returned it to the store the guy at the counter said he would charge me for a new one and I did but it was only $2.00. I am sure they do not make that kind of money off this product. I will be buying another one from Apple.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year, and it works fine. i have no issues with the phone itself, its just the app. the camera, the app, the design, all suck. the most recent update (4.0) is a good start, but the interface still sucks. i love the camera functionality, but i dont have a reason to update to v4.5. i had to downgrade back to the previous version just to get it working. also, i can't seem to find the camera in the phone app (its at the top right). it is not in the settings. i hope this is just a coincidence.  More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one did not work for me at all. I bought it to replace a bad one I had and was quite disappointed. I had it for a week and it just kept not working. I sent it back to the store where it was purchased and they gave me a refund and a new one, but it did not do what I wanted it to do. The buttons did not respond to a touch or press. Also, there is no way to change the volume. I ended up having to buy a different amp and speakers to get it to work again. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this monitor because I like to have a large screen on my desk for a work computer. It looks very nice and I have had no problems with it. However, it is very difficult to use, it can't adjust to my laptop perfectly and it only has a single USB 2.0 port. Also, there is no SD card reader and I can't use the HDMI port, I have to use a DisplayPort instead.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Samsung Galaxy S5 last week and after using it for a few days, I can say it is a terrible phone. The battery is horrible. The screen is horrible, the phone is not waterproof, and the camera is terrible. I tried to turn off the wifi and bluetooth and I couldn't even get the phone to power down, so I ended up sending it back to Best Buy and bought a Nexus 5 and I am happy with it. The S5 has no fingerprint scanner and it doesn't have the ability to connect to my PC to sync the phone with my cloud and my email. It is not a good phone for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use with a PC that does not have a USB port. I am very pleased with the performance of this. It works perfectly on a laptop computer without having to have a special adapter or have an external USB cable plugged in. The price was not bad either.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works well but not the fastest I've been using this unit for a few months and it's a great product, although it doesn't have the USB port I'd prefer. It is a decent little device, but if I had to rate it it would be a 4, but it's great for my small computer. I'm running Windows 10 and it is a very good system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- When I purchased the Tango, I was very excited and wanted to play with it for a while. But the day after I had the phone in my hand, I noticed the screen had become very dirty and scratched up. I have to admit, this has happened to me before and I can't get a replacement until I find a better phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This product is not worth the money or time I spent on it. It was not a very good idea to use this device as a music player. It has terrible sound quality and no tuner or music player software. The batteries have to be replaced at least every two years. Also the USB cable needs to be plugged into a computer to be used as a computer sound player. I am using my Mac laptop with an external sound system and the sound quality is horrible. I'm very disappointed with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 of these and they're all a failure. the first one I bought had a bad usb port, the second one had no sound and the third one had a broken wifi antenna. i'm a software engineer, and i bought this device to make the wireless networking on my laptop a little more convenient. it doesn't do it and i'm out a few hundred dollars on an overpriced piece of crap. don't buy it.  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: Brian - Verified Buyer I received my unit today. I've had it for 2 days. First of all, the quality is excellent. The sound is good, and the speed is excellent too. The only complaint I have is that it is very difficult to change the music volume on the radio in the radio. You have to press a button on the unit, but it doesn´t seem to work at all. I can´t find any way to change it, even if I want to. Also, when I go to change my music volume in the unit the display goes blank for a few seconds. It´s not really a big deal, but still. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I ordered a NUC5i3KH and I have to say that I'm not happy with the device. I bought this product to be a cheap media center. I got it from the website but I didn't check the price before I bought it. I went ahead and bought it because I saw the video about it on the website. The unit arrived broken and the box that came with the unit was damaged. The internal parts inside of the unit are very thin and very cheaply made. It is very hard to get a good signal from this unit. I have only had it for a week but I've already spent a lot of time trying to fix it. My recommendation to anyone is to not buy this unit and if you do buy it, do not get it from Amazon. They sell this product on a lot cheaper price but it's worth the money to get it fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the phone since its release and have been disappointed with its many shortcomings. the screen is so poor and so light that it has to be held in one hand at all times. the micro usb charger is useless because it doesnt charge at all. the battery life is horrible and the software doesnt work with any device at all (windows 10) or android or any android device. i have tried to get a replacement from apple and am now stuck on the 5 year warranty and will have to return it. this phone is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a couple of these. The first one was very very good but the second one was really bad. It would never boot up. No one can find the problem. I bought the second replacement from the local store and it works fine.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I love these things, my wife loves these things. It's a great little unit for us to use with a digital camera, for home movies and so on. I wish they had the HDMI option, but they do!  Review of DJI Mavic Pro 2. I am very pleased with my purchase of the Mavici Pro 2! I've flown a number of times with the DJI Phantom 3 Professional drone and am now using a Mavicus Pro 2 to film and process my aerial footage. I was hesitant about purchasing a second hand drone for a while, but I am so glad I did! The Mavica is a lot of fun and I'm already looking to purchase a third one for backup. The only con I have with the Maviic Pro is the weight. The Maviico Pro 2 is a bit more cumbersome than the Phantom 3 Pro.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 6 months now and i have to say its horrible! its terrible! its noisy and annoying! it has to be recharged twice a month. i had to buy an extra charger and the usb port is small and its not compatible with all usb ports! this is the first electronic device i have ever bought that has had such issues! the only way i can get it to work is to charge it through my laptop and use the usb ports on my computer! and its really hard to plug in and off! i wish i could give it 0 stars!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When i received my iphone 4s iphon, iphones iphons iphona iphonsext iphonta, ive had this phone for almost 2 years, ived been using my ipod touch for years, but ive noticed that the iphonest iphono is a better sounding device, iving noticed a iphony sound iphoner iphonic iphoon, iv also noticed iphonel iphopod iphoned iphorion iphors, ive also noticed that iphonet iphorn iphotone iphost, iphophone ive got a iplex iphoni iphou iphour, i also got iphoy iphos iphora iphoor iphorm iphoria iphox iphpon, iv got a a ia iphod ipol iphoo iphous iphoom ipholox, ix ipho iphom iphomb iphoro iphorne iphorth iphori iphoral iphorpon iphoth iphyris iphym iphyno ippon ioxion ioxotone, iz iphob iphow iphwoon iphwn iphwoong, iaa ipha ipha iphah iphaxa ipsa iplo iploy iplow iplox iploo iploon iplou iploss iplov iploud iplout iplu iplur iplun iplune iphma iphmas iphmum iphnop iphnas iphna iphny iphno iphni iphnon iphnil iphond iphron iphrot iphrro iphru iphss iphsh iphst iphte iphti iphty iphus iphv iphwy iphza iphze iphzi iphzm iphzu iphzx iphzy iphzz iphxa iphb iphc iphd iphf iphg iphh iphi iphj iphk iphl iph m iphs ipl ipht iphu iphvg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I bought this about a year ago and used it to watch the netflix movies on my laptop. I would have given this five stars if not for the fact that the wifi is not reliable and the bluetooth connection is not as strong as I thought it would be. It is a great little device for the price but the wifi and bluetooth don't always work as they should.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you really want to have a great experience, just buy a physical hard drive, but the experience is so bad, you just want to use the computer as a desktop.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the battery life of the battery life is terrible. If you have a lot of photos you will be lucky to get 10 minutes of video. You can only use this for one camera. You will want to get the pro version of the cam to get better battery life. I bought a different cam that works better with more batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------I bought this after trying out the Apple Magic Mouse and finding it extremely frustrating. The Magic Mouse has great sensitivity and the scroll wheel works great. However, when I got this device I realized it doesn't even work. The scroll wheel isn't clickable and the mouse is so stiff it's barely even responsive. It feels like the mouse's not even there. I bought a Magic Trackpad from a friend and it worked perfectly and was only about $10. I'll definitely look into the mouse, but I don't know if I'll ever use it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6+  the phone is ok. ive had it for a few years now and its good for the price. iphones are still a little slow on the latest and greatest. the new iphONE 5 is a big step in the right direction. if you need a phone its ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this device for a little over a year and it has been great until I noticed that the battery life was getting pretty bad. Now I can barely make a phone call with this.  If you can use this, you will probably be ok.  I've seen some great reviews on the website.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for my wife and was not disappointed. I did use the app on the phone to check my package when it was delivered, and it was a pain in the butt. If I could make it my only electronic device I would.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have bought a couple of these over the years and it has always failed on me, they fail within days of purchase and have to be replaced. This is not a high end device, and you can't get a better deal on a high quality unit at this price point.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone5  The phone is great, except the battery is the worst I have ever had in any electronic device. It would not last a day of heavy usage. It also seems very unstable and it was difficult to keep it stable while moving it around. I am a computer tech. I have used several smartphones in my life and I have never had such problems with the iPhone. I would not recommend this phone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for about 2 years and have had it broken in many ways. it works great for the price but the problem is when you break it, it comes apart. i have put a piece of tape over the tab on the battery and when i unplug it and the tabs are sticking together i have to use a small screw driver to keep them apart. the only good part about this unit is the charger.  Great Product! ive been using this product for 3 months now. The batteries last a long time and the battery life indicator is spot on! Highly recommend this product!  Best Battery Ever ive used this battery for a year now. It has lasted me 5 years without any problems at all. I bought the 4 pack, but I use the 2 pack for the car, so I have one for the other car at all times. It does take some practice, but if you do it right, it lasts a long while. I would highly recommend this to anyone that uses a cell phone alot. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________. I have been buying this item for about a year now and the quality is horrible. The phone is almost impossible to hold to one's ear and has to be held vertically. The headphone jack is also almost unusable and the cord is very short. I bought a longer cord to try and get some use out of it, but this was only temporary. I am a long-time fan of the ios devices but this is the worst experience with an ios device.  I have been using this for several years and I have nothing but good things to say about it, and that is the sound quality, but if it was as simple as a more durable design or better construction, it would be perfect. I'm not saying its a bad device, its just not good at all. , but it is not a good device, it is a decent one. If you are looking for a good sounding phone that is easy to use and have a decent battery life, this is a good option. It can be difficult to find a device that can play music out of the box with no other accessories, but the iH895S definitely meets that criteria. You do have to put a lot of thought into the setup process, but after that it works pretty well. I would definitely recommend this to a friend if they have a similar ios and want to buy a more affordable model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this a few times and the sound quality is very poor. theres no bass, and its really difficult to get the volume right on the phone. its not a bad thing if you're going to use it for a small party, but if you have to use this for a regular job like a doctor, its a huge deal breaker. the battery life on this phone is not very good either, and if you use it while streaming video it will drain the battery quickly. the best thing about this phone though is that the battery is removable, so you can always bring it back if you find a better battery, or you can just buy a new one if you lose it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This product is very good, but a major drawback is that it does not connect to the Internet. It is also hard to change the settings. It will not work with the Apple iphone 4. I was told it works with the iphones 4, but it did not work for me. I had to buy the ikea wireless keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I just got my iphone 7, and I'm very pleased with the sound, the camera is excellent. I can't believe Apple kept it as the same size and price. The screen is also very good. But the sound is awful. The sound is so loud that it is unbearable. It is extremely annoying to listen to at all times, even with the ear buds in. I am now using my ipad pro 3 to take photos and videos. So I don't need to listen all the time. I'm really disappointed with Apple. The good thing about the 7 is that the camera does the best job. The bad thing is the sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an evo 3 for about 3 years and after having it replaced every 2 months for the past 3 years it finally quit working. the light indicator just goes out every time i turn the power off. so i had to have it replaced again. i had my computer tech get it fixed by an independent technician who told me the light would just go out. he said the only thing he could do to fix it was to drill out the solder joint at the top of the power supply. i don't think this is a good idea. my computer has never died this way before and i cant figure out what the problem is.   i'm going to try and get it replaced at a local computer shop, but i think i will try to do this myself if possible. ive done this a lot on other electronics and have never had a problem with this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!! I got the watch last year for my daughter and she is not happy with it so far. I bought this for my son for Christmas and he had no problems at all with it. But my daughter is having issues with it today. I don't think it is a good choice at all. I have never been so upset with a purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a bad experience with this one. i was a very happy customer when i bought this phone. i thought it would be very good for the price, but the quality of the phone is terrible. the phone constantly needs a charge, and there is not a quick charger included. when i called in to return the phone, i was told that i should have a replacement. this phone does not work at all, and i can't even use it to text. my old phone had a headphone jack, so i thought i could use this one as well. i cant even use the mic. the problem is, the phone has a hard time even talking to the people around me. there is a problem with the voice recognition. if you speak out loud, it doesnt recognize you, and it wont even try to read back what you are saying. the speaker is awful too. it only gets about 40 percent or less of the sound out. i am sure this phone would have been ok if it had a better camera, but this is a very average camera. its ok if you just want a cheap phone, but its not worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ The only thing that makes it worse is that it's not waterproof. I've had it in the shower with the faucet open and it still won't work. You have to pull it out after each use to clean off the dust.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mark from Works well. I bought the electronic keypad because it's a lot more convenient than my old keypad. It does a good job of opening and closing the door, but when you're doing other things, it doesn't work very well. The bottom panel does not stay closed after a few hours. Also, the door has a tendency to open on its own. I have the old keycard system that is attached to the door with a clip, and I find it to be a much better system. The electronic key pad is also a good deal, but I have a feeling it'll only get better over time.  a good product and a little expensive, but it is well worth the money for the convenience of the keypad and the added security.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4, it is a total disappointment, and not because of the size or color but because the battery is just ok, not good at all, if you can get a new one, get the Samsung, its much better. If you get a good one like the iphones, then get it, if not, then don't waste your time and money. I wish Apple would make a good cell phone with a better battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using the wireless keyboard for a few months now and have a few complaints. The first is that it's very hard to type on and very hard on the eyes. I can type on it a few times and then have to look at it in the mirror to see if I can make it go back into the space. I've also noticed that the keys aren't made to be used by a mouse or touchpad. The key on my keyboard has a lot of give and the other keys are a little bit hard. I also have a keyboard on my laptop which is much better and has a better set of keys. The second problem is that there are a few other things that are very easy to break: the touchpad is very easy and cheap to break and the keyboard can easily be bent or bent out of shape if you don't use it correctly. The other things are: I can't tell the difference between the wireless and wired versions of this keyboard and it's extremely hard to find a place to order it anywhere. I'll be giving this one a 2 out of 10. Good:   The keyboard is pretty cool and the keys are very nice. The only downside is that the spacebar can be broken if you use it incorrectly but it's still a nice keyboard. Bad:    The wireless is not very reliable and I have to go to the store a few weeks to get my wireless back together. The touchpad has a weird problem where it will sometimes be able to move up and down but it will always go back to the bottom of the screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ The product came in an old fashioned cardboard box. The box was old and had lots of old dust on it. The packaging was poor, the item itself looked like a low quality, cheap product. It had a long wire that went from the bottom of the device to the plug. The wires came out a little too far for my purposes. The item did not come with a usb cable. The product had a small plastic case. There was a lot of dust inside the case. The device did not work. The usb port was not connected. The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because it was a low cost device and the product worked well. I would not recommend buying this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only one I have ever owned that has the potential to break.  It is not very well made.    The only other thing is that it takes up a LOT of space in the back.  The battery lasts about 2 months. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my wife for her birthday gift, and I was really excited to see the price for it. The first time she used it, she told me that she wanted to leave the device on the table to charge for about 30 minutes. The second time, she said that the battery would not hold a charge. She took it out to charge it, and it still did not hold any charge. It was still at 1%. Then she went and bought a different brand of phone to replace it with. It still does not hold charge, and still will not charge. This is an expensive electronic device, but I am not happy about the battery not holding a charge or charging at all. If I had a nickel for every time I've bought something and it has not charged the first time, I'd have a nickel and dime!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my vita 2.0 since day 1. i bought it with the intent of buying a gaming pc for my family. i didnt think it was capable of the games the ps4 is capable of. i went from playing the ps3 to playing the PS4 and to my surprise the vita is much better. i like the new games like mario kart 8, dm cabel and dm4. i cant wait to see what the future holds for the vitas. i will buy more vitascos!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The device works well. I did have some problems with my old unit and it is well worth the money. It is a pain to use at times though. The screen is not adjustable to fit me perfectly. The buttons are difficult to push, but they are there. I use the keyboard and it does not work as well as the mouse. Also the keyboard can be difficult to use because it is not big enough for my hands. I like it a lot and it has saved me money, but I am going to get the new one that I had wanted for a while. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************* I have been looking for this thing for a while, and finally purchased it. I thought I would be able to buy it at my local store, but they said no it was out of stock. I called the store and they said it is out of the country and they are sending it to them. So I waited. About 4 weeks later I got a phone call saying it was on the way, and I should pick it up. When I arrived I was so surprised at the quality and functionality of the device. The battery life is great, and the device itself is very well built. The controls are very nice and intuitive. The buttons on the back of the unit are easy to press and the battery life lasts me a very long time. I would recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome I just got my wife's baby monitor a few weeks ago and wanted to upgrade to this one. It is amazing. I can control the brightness and color of the screen in my living room with a simple tap of my finger. It works great. I also like that it has an on/off switch. Great for those times you forget to turn it off.  that it is built really well and the controls are simple. I have had it for a week now and have only been using it a couple of hours so far. The color and brightness of the monitor is just amazing, it really is the perfect size for any space you have in your house. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for 3 years. ive used it to store my camera's batteries, my mp3's, my ipod, ive even used it as a remote to turn off my tv with the tv remote.  the only issue is that its been getting harder to get the batteries out.  when i do they just keep falling out. if i get any battery out of it i have to reassemble it to get it to work.  if its gonna last 3 years i cant see why its getting that bad.  i hope its a defective unit
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s. If you buy this i think you will be disappointed. I bought this as a replacement for my ios 6. When I got it it had a dead battery, not an issue with the other devices but the screen on this one was all wrong and I had to get another one from the store. The phone was great for a few months but when i got to know what i had bought I was so disappointed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by J from Very good phone. Good camera. I have had my phone for about a month now. I really like it. It has a good battery life and I'm pretty happy with the camera.  a couple of things:1. you can't charge it while in airplane mode (the screen won't turn on) 2. when you try to do something that requires a camera (say take a picture of a moving object or something of that sort), it gives you a pop up box to turn it off. 3. if you turn off the screen by swiping up it doesn't come back on when you turn it back on. I think that's just a design issue. "Good device, not great." I've owned two of these. I love both of them, except that I think the first one is too thin and the second one has a pretty bad screen. It's really easy to use though and it's pretty easy to get a good picture out of it. The camera on the second device is better than the one on the first. The display is also very good. The battery life is also great, though the battery does die in a couple days. Somewhere between the original iPhone and the iPhone 6, there's a gap that has been left by Apple. The iPhone 6s does not replace the iPhone 5s in all ways, but it's a step in the right direction and if you've never used a phone with a 5s display and no retina display, it might be worth getting. I'd recommend the iPhone to anyone who loves the iPhone and still wants something with a larger screen. As far as I can tell, this phone works fine on AT&T's network. I'm on T-Mobile, but I've also heard that it works just fine on Tmo. If it's been a while since you used a 5/5s, I'd probably get it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is a flop and you get no power at all. It is not an "always on" device as some people are claiming. If you want to connect to the internet or to a computer, you will need to have a "hub" to which you connect the AC adapter. Also, you cannot plug your phone into it and it does not support wireless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's a nice device for the money, but it just isn't reliable. When it stops working, you can't do anything but wait for the next charge to come. The batteries last about a month and the charging system doesn't work when the device is connected to a computer. I've replaced the batteries and it's still not working. This is my first electronic device and it will be my last.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this product for a while and it's pretty good, but there's one thing I don't like about it.  When I turn on the device it doesn't power up, it just keeps waiting for the AC power to come on.    When I power it on it goes into standby mode and when I turn it off it starts up again.  I've read about this problem with other reviewers and this problem has been reported on several websites.  When you put the device into the USB port the power goes through the USB ports, so if this is the problem you could just disconnect the USB cable and not have this problem.  This problem has not affected me at all.  The only thing I'm not happy with is that the USB connector for the unit is hard to disconnect from the unit when the battery is running low.  So you have to use a little bit of force to detach the connector.  There are many other reviews about this device and I am happy to report that it does what it says on the box.  If you're looking for a cheap USB hub, this is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this a month ago and used it for my daily use on the road. It is very well built and solid and very easy to use. It has great features and is well thought out.   But I've had it less than a month, and I don't have a clue what is going on or how to use it. It started out very good and very bright, but now it is barely bright at all. When you turn it on, it has a very low white light and then the light dims down, and the colors are very distorted. I tried to read and make notes on a document, but it made it hard to read. I couldn't even read the tiny words. It was not so bad when I was using it for an hour a day, but as soon as I stopped using it, it became almost unusable. I've tried to get help from the dealer and he has been unable to help me. I have contacted Apple and they have given me the run around. I am very upset with this product, and very disappointed with the poor service from Apple.   the bad:  I really don't know what is wrong with this device, but I really hope it's not the batteries! The batteries are terrible. They are a cheap knock-off, but they are worse than the original battery. It took the batteries and other parts to fix it.  This device has a great value and it is good at what it does, but the batteries are a major flaw.  of course, they are a knock off, but if you don't want a knock- off, you need to go elsewhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!!! This product is garbage. This thing doesn't even work well as an alarm clock, it just wakes up and you have to turn it on again. It takes about 20 minutes to wake up from it. I think the alarm clock works better than this. If I had a negative to give I would give it a zero, but the only thing I don't like about this product is that it is a plastic.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this one for a year now and it still doesnt work. The charger for this unit is the worst charger ive ever had. It doesnt work at all. The battery doesnt last more than a day of normal usage. The only good thing about this unit was that it didnt break when i dropped it and broke the cable. i bought the dvb model to use with my tv and ive been having problems with the sound being muffled and not being very clear. it has been very annoying to listen to and watch videos. i am looking at other brands as i dont want to deal with this one anymore. i will be getting another dvbs model instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 3 months and it keeps having problems. ive only had it a week but the screen is constantly getting unreadable. the light isnt even on. ives tried to turn it off but it wont budge. ve already gotten a new one because of this. its not worth it.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a bad product. I bought it to monitor my child. We live in a very humid area and it was so hot it burnt my finger and made me very tired. It would get very hot to the touch. I tried to use it at night and when I turned it on it was way too hot. I ended up putting it away. I will not recommend this product to anyone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- A very good phone, but the display is horrible. There is no way to turn off the blue light that flashes, and it's just a pain. The only good thing about the phone is the built in microphone, but you have to pay for the speaker. I would give it 5 stars, but there is a bug in the software that does not allow you to turn the phone off if you have the microphone turned on. So, you have that on all the time, and the phone just won't shut off. And I'm sure it's not the speaker but the software itself. I also noticed that the phone doesn't come with a micro USB cable. I wish they'd just sell a new one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 18, 2010  great phone  by A Customer from Lake Stevens WA USA  Pros: Good size and easy to use  Cons: not that good sound quality.  and speaker  Review: Good device. Easy to use, small, very simple. Very good battery life. Not a lot of people use it, but it gets the job done. ,  Great for your first phone!  By K from Haines Junction, ID USA  in a nutshell  I had been wanting a phone for awhile. The old flip phone would get hot in the sun, the screen was small, the display was small and would only display a single character and the speaker had a weird, harsh tone to it. The new Motorola was a great phone. The quality is outstanding. I was impressed with how easy the user interface was to use. It's a snap to do things like making calls, sending text messages, and sending and receiving email. It has a good display with great colors and easy-to-use dialing. It also has a great speaker with clear highs and lows. I don't know how well it will hold up over time, but I'm really looking forward to getting my Motorola back. It will be a great first phone for me and my kids.  in addition to the excellent display and speakers, the phone has the usual features that most phones have. A good camera, a great battery life, and a great software interface. I am very pleased with my purchase and recommend it highly. .  a great way to get your first cellphone  Comment on this review  What was wrong with: Good sound quality
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for 3 months now, but i bought this as a back up device for my iPad mini. its good as a secondary for the mini, but this thing is just plain bad. it cant do anything for the iPad mini, it will not charge it, and it will die every time you plug it in. i have tried everything to get it to charge, and i can't get it connected to the laptop charger. i am just sad, and now i am going to have to throw this in the trash. I will probably give it away or sell it. the only reason i kept this thing was to get my iPad off my bed table.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had an early iphone for a while and it was very good.  Then I got an iphones plus and it wasn't as good as the iphonest.  The iphiest is a good iphoner and iphons don't work well with iphos.  This iphon has an ips cable but the usb cable is short.  It is not a good device to use when it is time to use iphonetc. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 27, 2016  The Best iphonel I've ever owned.  by: The Best (Verified Buyer) from North Carolina. United States  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: The ips connection is not as good, the device is too short, the battery lasts about 2 months, but is easily replaced with a new battery. .  is the best iphonce  Was This Review Helpfulto you? No ( 0 )  Not for me  By: Richard R from Fort Wayne IN. United states  Review: Not for me because of the shorter length of cable.  to me it feels like it is more of a iphono iphoser  i don't use it for music  was this review helpful to you?? Yes ( 0 / 1 )  is this review Helpful to ya? Yes ( 1 / 1)  Great for the price!  Purchased this to replace my iphonewhite which was a bit old and I wanted a better product. This ipset is a great buy for the money. Great sound, no worries about the ips connector.  a must for the ipad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This is a great product. However, I would like it to be bigger and have the ability to connect to my phone as well.   5/5 for the price point and performance: _________________________  I really like the unit, but the buttons on the back are very mushy and make the unit unresponsive to the touch. I'm not sure why it's so hard to make them responsive.   The buttons are made of plastic, but are stiff enough to give good feedback. The unit has a USB-A port, so if you want to use it as a media server or to store photos, music, etc., it's a great option. I have been using it for a few months now, and have been very happy with the performance of the unit. I do have one quibble. I wish it had a microSD card slot, so I could add more files to the unit and use it to store video/music.   "Great value, great sound, nice case" - Mike
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the first product I bought, and I bought it because I was in the market for a cheap GPS device. I have it with my GPS. But I have been using a different GPS with my cell phone since it came out, and it is way better. I had a friend give it to me as a gift, and then it disappeared. I was so disappointed when I realized it had disappeared. Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device for a good price:    This is a really good device, I would recommend this product for anyone who wants a good GPS and a good range and a nice size.   Read a review of a cheap device that I have purchased:    I have had a Garmin GPS for a while, it was the best GPS I have ever owned. The range is awesome, the price was amazing, and the GPS is so easy to use. I bought this one to replace my old GPS, and even with it having to do it's job so well, I don't really like it as much as the old one. Read the review of an inexpensive GPS device:   I purchased this one in February of 2011. I'm not a professional golfer or an avid outdoors person, but it has been great. The thing works great. It has a few small drawbacks, but they don't impact the usability and usefulness of the device. It's also got a great feature of being waterproof, and that is a big bonus.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** I was excited to get my new bluetooth speaker but unfortunately this one did not work. I returned it and will be buying another from Amazon. I'm going to try Amazon as the one I got wasn't bad at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a klipsch k5e for 2 years now and it is a wonderful speaker, but there is no way to turn it off or mute it without unplugging it first. the knobs for volume and mute are both hard to turn. i wish it was easier to control my speakers in general. ive bought several cheap electronic devices and this one has been the worst.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my wife for our anniversary because we are going on a trip in July. She has a very sensitive skin and had to use a different brand of moisturizer before. When I first used it I noticed a slight tingle and it had a nice gel texture. After a couple days of use my skin started getting irritated. I tried to rub in some oil, but it did nothing. After using the gel it felt like the tingle was gone and the gel texture was much softer. I will use it a few more times, but the gel is too heavy for my sensitive skin.  5 Stars I have had this product for years. I have never had an issue with the gel being too heavy. I've also been able to keep it on my skin for a long time without any problems. I love this product. , July 25, 2015  , August 25, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing will not connect to any of my USB ports and I'm trying to use it with my laptop but its only getting about 40mbs. Noisy I have two of these in my studio.  I use the second one to power my monitors and the third one for recording.  I have a Yamaha CDP-110.  The first one I had a few years ago was very quiet and used to be great for mixing.   I bought the second and it is very quiet, but it does have a very loud pre-amp.  I also have an old Yamaha DSP-150.  This is the only one I haven't had to replace, but I have had to repair two others.  They both worked fine and I've been using them for many years.  However, they are very noisy and have to be cranked up very hard to get them to sound good.  My new one is quieter, but doesn't have the same level of bass.  In addition, the pre-amps sound different, like I'm using a different pre-amplifier and I haven's tried everything to get it to work.  Finally, the old one was very heavy and I was afraid I'd break it.  But it's soooo much better than the new one.  Thanks for bringing this back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just bought an Apple TV and am very disappointed in the quality. The picture is bad, the sound is awful, and the video is choppy. I can't imagine watching television on a big screen. Read a positive review about an amazing electronic device. I bought a new iPad 3 and I am very happy with the product. I am using it every day and it does a very good job. I like the large screen and I like being able to adjust the brightness of the screen. The only problem is that I have to plug it in at night to use it. I was told that this is not a big deal but it is. The quality is very good and the price is great. It will last me a long time and I would recommend this to anyone that has a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* The product is very nice, but there is a problem with the USB port. When I plugged in the USB cable to the computer, the power cable came loose and I could not get the cable to plug into the USB ports on the device. It was very inconvenient.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this item for a family member as a replacement for his broken printer. It is a simple device and works as advertised. However, it does not print anything and has a long print time. If it works as well as the old one, I will be returning it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Poor quality The product is very cheaply made. It was difficult to print anything out. I gave it 4 stars because it's a very simple device, but the quality is not good. I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone for about 3 months now. i was a great customer until this device was released. i really dislike the idea of a 3 month warranty and the way they have ruined my phone in the process. i know i'm in the minority but if they can't handle their own product then they really need to look into their processes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have had this tablet for a month now and i have to say, it works great. I read some reviews and they say that the tablet has a bad battery life, but my battery life has been pretty consistent. But there is one problem i am having with it, it is hard to charge. When i first got the tablet it took 2 days to charge and the battery didn't last more than 2-3 hours at a time. I have gotten the charger that is supposed to charge the battery within 30 minutes to charge it in about 1 hour. I've been able to get it charged from 1-5am and now it takes about 2 hours to fully charge. But the good thing is that I have only been using it 2 hours a day and so far it has been working great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! The product works as described. However, when using it, you have to take your shirt off because it is very uncomfortable to use the phone with it's small antenna sticking out. I can use the bluetooth device with it but it's still uncomfortable to wear.!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a year now. it works great, has a great sound, and is light. but the problem is the battery. i cant remember the last time it didnt work. one time it was charging, the screen would go black and the usb would flash and turn on but it wouldnt charge. i have been in the store about 3 times with this problem and they just keep saying there is a faulty battery. they also say they have been there and can not find the problem and that they dont have any spare batteries. i wouldnt pay 50+ bucks for this, and i would definitely not recommend it. theres always a chance of it not working and that's just annoying. if you're a serious music person this is a must buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter. She loves it but I don't love the way it looks. I'm not sure if it was because of the battery compartment. She likes to use the tablet but her tablet gets dirty and smudges easily and is not waterproof. She doesn't like it because she is a writer and a lot of times she gets confused and thinks the tablet is a keyboard when she actually is using it like a phone. It's a good tablet but not something I'd buy again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is poor, the display is a mess, and the build quality is not top notch. It takes about 4 days to return this item. I gave it a 1 star because the customer service is terrible. I had to contact customer service again for the return of this item and I got an email from customer service asking me to email back with pictures and specs of the item to prove that it is not defective. So I did that and they said it was sent out, but the box was damaged by shipping and they were unable to do anything about it. So when I called customer service they told me that the package had been damaged in shipping. So to make matters worse the box still has some damage from shipping. I think they are trying to cover up the fact that they have a defective product and have already sent me another one. It seems that they are afraid that if they say the item is defective they will lose sales. So in the end they gave me a new one that was damaged when it arrived. I will never buy from this company again. I have lost more than 50% of my money because of this. I tried to return it to them but they refused to accept it. I know I can return it for a full refund but I want a full return on my investment and I think I have to. I hope that they learn a lesson from this and they will do better for future customers. Good but not great:   I purchased this phone for my husband who has a hard time typing on his own because he is right-handed.   He was excited to finally have a touch screen phone that he could use and type on. The good:  This phone has a beautiful display.  It is a great price.  I really like the fact it supports Voice over LTE (VoLTE).  I do not have any problems with the phone's audio quality.  The phone is very easy to use.  This is the only phone that I have bought in the last few months that I am glad that I bought. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my samsung s3 for two years now and everytime i turn it on i get the screen freeze up on the lock screen. I thought this device was supposed to be a great device but i was wrong. I had to get another one because of this problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a decent mp3 player for my family and we cant find one, i have tried many different brands, the last one we tried, they were very expensive. i bought this one, and i can say it is a great purchase. i love that it has all the features of a professional player, but is much less expensive. We are very happy with this purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jmak from good player I bought this mp3 Player for my mom as a gift,she loves it.she loves how easy it is to use. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Great price but, poor quality. I was using this device to control my air conditioner, but it failed. I returned it and purchased a different model, but had to return that as well. Not worth the money. I tried to return the second model and it was returned as defective. Very dissatisfied with this product and will not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, December 08, 2009  Works great.  by Joseph from West Allis, WI USA  Pros: Works well  Cons: Nothing  Review: Works like a charm, although the sound is not the greatest. It is a great value for the money. -Joe  From: Milwaukee, WI  Comments: Good price and works well  a good price  By: Paul from Houston, TX USA 'supportive support  review: works great, it is easy to use  Product: Moogle E-S-C-P-S  Year: 2000  Manufacturer: Moog  The Moogle is a very handy electronic instrument for a novice user to learn with. This unit is a good choice for beginners and pros alike. .  I've had my Moogle for about a year and use it every day, it works as advertised, it's an excellent choice for a beginner who has little experience in electronics. The Moogle has been a great instrument and has not broken down once. I will buy another one for my son.  a  . The only problem I've encountered with the Moogle was with the case. The plastic cover tends to crack and bend. I replaced the case with a quality, more expensive model.  "  -John F. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple years and it has been the first electronic device that i have owned that has broken in less than a year. I've bought other electronic devices from different vendors but have had this problem with this model and ive tried other parts as well but no luck. I have to buy another one as it has become an afterthought and i want to find the perfect one for my needs and i just can't keep this one in working order.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my third and last laptop. I have had my MacBook Pro, an iMac and my iMac Pro. The Macbook Pro is a great machine but I always have problems with the touchpad. It is always stuck at the middle of the screen. I can't use the mouse. I also have a touchpad on my i Mac but it has a problem as well. When it is cold it is too small. I get it working when I turn on the AC and my battery is fully charged. But I have to turn the AC off and wait a minute for the touch pad to re-size. The screen can also go red after a while and the sound from the sound card is very poor. I bought the MacBook Pro with the Retina display. I am not satisfied with the performance of the machine. I would give this laptop a zero but because the touch pads and sound card are so bad I give this a 1.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 07, 2017  Best laptop I've ever owned.  in a long time, i went through several laptops in a short period of time, but this was by far the best of them. no complaints about any aspect of this computer. the only thing i wish it had was a better keyboard. but it still performs superbly, and is still relatively affordable.  of course this is a 15.6" laptop, and i wouldn't expect much more from it, but for the price, you can't go wrong.  a great laptop for the money.  the only reason it didn't get five stars is because it's not exactly easy to clean. but you can just pop the dust cover off. otherwise, a great buy!  I've been very pleased with my purchase of this laptop. It performs as expected and it has performed flawlessly since I got it.  for the most part, this laptop runs like a champ.  to the point where I can not imagine how anyone could not be satisfied with this laptop and I'm glad I bought it. It's a fantastic machine and I don't think I could have afforded a better one for the same price. . ,  Review of DJT5716 by Michael from San Antonio, TX on May 03, 2017. I bought this laptop for work. I'm a musician and I use a MacBook Pro every day. But it has an issue with the mouse
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s + iphones 6s charger are good for the price but i wish it came with a micro usb plug so you could charge it from the computer usb port but the micro usb cable is just a small plug with no power at all the phone does not charge and the phone is useless when you try to connect the usb cable to the computer. I wish Apple would include a micro USB power adapter. I bought these for my iPhone 6s Plus and the micro USB cable is too small. It is not even an extension cable like the ones that are available in most shops, it is just an ordinary extension cord. It took me ages to get the phone to start charging even though I tried all kinds of different USB cables, this is one of the worst I have seen.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dann from Great price for a quality product The product is well made and a good price for the quality. I use it to power my computer. It's not really necessary to have the extension cable but I like to use it just in case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've been using this for about a year and a half now, and it works great for what I need. However, I recently had to replace the screen on my new phone (Nexus 5) and it has to be replaced again. I got this to replace it because I was worried that the screen might be too low resolution to use the phone for the apps I normally do. I have not been disappointed, but the screen is definitely a little low-res, and I'd rather have the extra screen on the phone itself. I don't know why it takes 2-3 days to get the replacement screen. I also tried calling and emailing Google support, but they did not help.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the T906 but not anymore.  It is a little bit louder than a regular USB soundcard and does not have enough volume to fully utilize it.    The volume is too low and doesn't sound very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The battery lasted only a few days and the buttons were extremely hot to the touch. I would never buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a great looking device but the cable that goes into the unit is very flimsy. It is easy to bend and break.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for about 2 weeks now and it is a waste of money. it is not even worth the money for the money you are paying. the sound quality is average and the buttons are annoying to use. the only good thing about this is the fact that you can charge the device via usb but it doesnt have a usb port. i dont have a mac and i dont know if there is a port for it. i think it might have been designed with a mac in mind but if there was no usb port i would have returned it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from Does not work on a mac i had to return the unit. I have had a sony player for almost 3 years now and have always been very satisfied with it. The last time I got a new one was the Sony D3100. I purchased this player to replace it. Unfortunately, I had the unit for only 3 weeks. I had to go to my local Best Buy and get another unit. My new unit is also having problems with the same problem I had with the first one. I called Sony about this problem and they said that I could take it to a Sony Authorized Service Center in Florida or they would send me a replacement unit. The problem is, I am in a different state than the Authorized service center. So I called my local Sony store and they did not have any Sony products for me to replace the defective unit with. So, I decided to return it. I did not even get to try it out, I just took it back and will never purchase another Sony product again. I really did not like this product at all. I wish they would go back to the good old days when they made quality products.  the sound on this thing is horrible.  (Posted on 6/19/2015)  Great for the price I love it. Easy to use and the sound is very good. I got it as a gift for my brother and he loves it. (Posted 3/30/2015 - from New York) . .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this device for 2 days. Ive had it for about a month now and its still not working correctly. I have to wait a few days to hear back from them, because they say they will fix it, but the only problem is that the device will not power on, the power light doesnt go on. I even tried to send it back to the manufacturer but they wouldnt accept it. So if you do buy this device buy it for your home, the only reason I gave it a 4 star is because the manufacturer will not respond to my email. I will be returning it to the company I bought it from
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It doesn't work very well! I've tried to use it as a remote control, but I can't get it to work. The buttons are on the back and the unit has been sitting on the coffee table for months. It's been like it's malfunctioning. I bought it for Christmas, thinking it would be a great way to use my iPhone on the go. I was disappointed. I am not a great customer when it comes to electronic devices. The first time I used it I had to use the cord and it was not very strong. The second time I tried to switch it to the TV remote it gave me a lot of trouble. I got a great deal on this unit but I am very disappointed.  Rated 4 out of 5 by BK from It's a great product, but.... I bought this to replace my old Apple TV. I found out very quickly that the Apple TV's remote doesn't have a "click" on it like the one included with the Apple Remote, and that it requires you to "tumble" the Apple remote to do anything on it. The only way I can do this is to hold down the button on the remote that is located on the side of the Apple (toward the top), and it turns the Apple on. This is annoying because the Apple is still a very cheap, clunky device. I also found out that you have to be at least 5'5" to use this. So I got this for my 11-year-old son. He is 6'3", and can't use this because the remote is too big for him. So it's not the best remote for me. I guess it works better for him because I can just use the Apple device as a TV remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months now and theres still no sign of life from it. I'm very disappointed because it's supposed to be a perfect product but every time it does a scan i get nothing back. i would rather spend a few more dollars on a better product and give this one a miss.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device works very well, but the design has too many flaws and no functionality that is not already available on a more powerful computer. I would have preferred a touch screen instead of a mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 years and ive had it for about 3 weeks now and i had some minor problems. it would get really hot and then its battery would die on me. i could only use it for like 3 days at a time, then it would turn on again and the heat would keep it from working properly. this was when it was new, i'm not sure how long the battery will last if i use it that much. i bought this to replace my old computer and the problem with this is that it wont turn on at all when you press the power button. its got to be a problem because the price was right on and i wouldnt use it otherwise.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best part about this item is the way it works. I was able to get a 2m long, 5.5" diameter, 1.4 GHz radio into my home office with a 1.5 meter cord and plug adapter, but I had to run the coax to my house. The other benefit of the RF-SMA is that it is very easy to plug and unplug it. The RF-SC has been working fine so far and is still relatively small. I'm looking forward to testing it out and getting it up and running.   * This review was collected as part of a promotion
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for years and its still not perfect, i dont think it should cost as much as it does. my computer was still able to run without the mouse but not with the mouse, i had to remove the trackpad and rewire the mouse for it to work. it wouldnt let me do this with any other computer that had a trackpad, i tried it with an apple mouse as well but it was the same as the one my old mac wasnt working well with. i just dont get it. if you have a mac you can get this and it works great. if its not working for you it is just a good mouse. but its a bad price for a bad mouse and a bad device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!!   This device is awful.   When I purchased it, I was expecting to be using a USB keyboard and mouse. It is a keyboard and a mouse in one. That is the only difference. I had to remove the battery to turn the unit on and the battery life is horrible. The battery lasted a day or two before needing to be replaced.  :-(   If you want to get a keyboard on your computer, this is a good buy. If you want a mouse, you have to get an X1 or an older model.   and...   The battery life on this thing is horrible, it doesn't last more than a couple of hours. The mouse is very stiff, and you have a hard time scrolling and moving around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The original Mac was a failure. _________________The original Apple mouse (with a plastic casing) has the most usable keys in the world. And it is a joy to type on. The original Mac mouse (no plastic casing, plastic keypad, mechanical wheel, and very usable keys) has many of the same keys as the Apple mouse but it does not have the nice soft-touch rubber feet like the Apple. __________ .  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product has very poor sound quality. It is very loud, even after turning it down to low. It's the only problem I had with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a gps for about 2 years now and have had the same problems. i had to return it because the app crashes and there is no way to change the settings on the device. if the app wasnt crashing the gps would be much more stable.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 15, 2012  Easy to use  by Andrew from St. Charles MO USA  Pros: Simple to use and works as advertised. . -The map app is very simple to use. I have a small tablet with a keyboard. It took a few times to get the directions to work properly but once I did it worked perfectly.  The directions are clear and concise. I really like how you can change the time, date, etc.  and that the directions are not GPS dependent, but rather take you to the exact place on the map.  the directions were also correct. I am a college student and my roommates are out of town. I was able to navigate to their apartment complex in about 5 minutes. ,  Cons:  - The map is hard to read. It has an old looking font.  a few weeks ago I started using a tablet and the map app was not able to display the maps correctly on the tablet.  be sure to install the latest maps app on your tablet. You will need to install it first on your phone then install it on your device.  I used the directions app to get to the location and the directions came up as if I were in the map view, but not the actual view of the area. I did not get the direction that I wanted.  ( I know its a small issue)  I had to turn the map off to get directions on the other screen. The map has an option to zoom in and out. But the zoom feature doesn't work on the phone or tablet. I used this feature and it was not helpful. I'm still trying to figure out what I'm doing wrong.  in the end the map is fine. I like the way it's set up.  was a little disappointed because the directions on this app are just not the same as the map on the gopro, the maps are just a little fuzzy.  is there a way to zoom the map?  Also, on my phone I have the option to set the map to show both directions at the same time and it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a back up to a laptop but my laptop is now dead so I have to use this now. It's ok but I am using the mouse to move and the screen is a little bright but otherwise great for watching videos. I can't recommend this but if you're in need of a cheap keyboard for gaming I would say go for it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it would have been better if I had a working battery, but this is a nice gadget. I bought it to take with me when I go to a bar to watch a movie. It is great for watching on my smart phone or computer and is so much fun.  I will have to buy a bluetooth speaker when I need it, but it is a good buy. The best feature:  I really love the way this thing feels. The fact that it is so small is really nice. I have taken it on hikes and camping trips and it is perfect for the job. The speakers are very nice and the sound is crisp.  The only problem: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a cheapo iphone 6s to replace my old iPhone 5. I've had it for 2 weeks now. My only complaint is that it's a little hard to use the phone. The touchscreen is very hard to tap and I have to put my finger in between the screen and the screen glass. When I was in my hotel room I got to try it out and it was hard to type in the passwords. I thought I might try another model but now I'm pretty sure I'm not going to buy another iph one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ I bought a used computer in 2001. I bought the original model, but the new model came with the wireless keyboard that is too big to use with a laptop. It is not easy to type with one hand, and I had to take it off the table to use it. It did not take long before the battery had died. This time I got a laptop from Amazon. I love the convenience of having it on my lap. The keyboard is nice, but too big. The touchpad is good but too small. I have to move my hand from the touchpad to the keyboard to use my mouse. It does have a mouse and I like that. But the keyboard and touchpad are just too big for my lap and the size of the laptop. I would not recommend this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a very nice little portable computer with a nice user interface and lots of power. It's a shame that it has to run off of the wall and only accepts standard AC power. I've tried the USB adapter that comes with the computer, but it doesn't really work because it is not the latest version. It also requires a good amount of space and has a big power cord, which is really annoying to have to have plugged in when you are not using it. I also wish it had a larger display so I could actually read it. This is an inexpensive device that can easily replace a laptop or a desktop, but the user interface is very dated. The fact that it can only use a standard AC plug is a major drawback. The computer works, but there is a reason that people don't use this.  Review of DJY: --------------- It's true that the product is quite cheap, but I believe that it's worth it. The performance is good, but not great. The screen and keyboard is very nice, but that's about it. If you are planning to buy a good computer for music, this is the only one you should get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gd2 for a few years now. i hate this thing. it's just a shitty piece of crap, i'm going to go back to my pc. it has all the major things you would expect from a laptop, but is so damn heavy, you can barely move it. also it is not wireless. this is a waste of money and if you dont need a computer, then its not worth the money. i got a gd20 with gd8gb memory and a g3, and it's so much better. i use it to play games and i am so glad that i finally have a decent computer for my needs.  Style of Music: Classic rock, metal, jazz, and other such stuff  Comments on Style of Music, by the person who bought the gdx2: I think your review is a little harsh. I was expecting a desktop computer to have the features of a tablet, such as a stylus, and a webcam for video chat. This thing has neither. The keyboard is terrible, and I've used laptops with better keyboards. The touchpad is so tiny that I can't even use it, it's too small. The whole thing weighs 3 lbs. I've bought a laptop a couple years ago, and the battery life is about the same as this thing, so it's not bad. You'll probably be able to use this thing for a little while, but it just doesn't compare to my gd10.  a bit more info: this laptop runs Windows 7, so yes, it does come with windows 7 installed. The processor is an Intel i5, but there are multiple different models with different speeds, so be sure to check with your dealer if you're not sure about your model. The RAM is 2 GB, and is expandable to 4 GB. The graphics card is an AMD Radeon HD 6670, so that's what I bought. I have no idea how much the batteries will last. I am considering getting the laptop with the extra storage space, but the battery is such a drag that I'm not going to be buying one at all. I would have preferred a wireless mouse. The one I bought is the most expensive one I've ever seen. I got this laptop to replace a gdx20. I thought the g dx20 was a pretty good laptop for $300. It's very similar to the gtx780 ti. I'm sure I could have
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________ The Samsung Notebook 9 is a great device but the screen is very poor and the build quality is lacking. I had it for 3 months before it broke, and I did not have to replace it. I was going to buy a different one to replace this one but this one is way too expensive for what it is.  My experience with the Samsung Note 8 (2015): _________________________________________________________________________________ My experience with this Notebook is very good, but the last model had a bad battery, which made it unusable. I've been trying to find a replacement that is good, and have come across this model. This one is also a good quality device. It is very light, so it's easy to move around. It's very powerful, but doesn't have a fan. It also has a decent camera and good battery life. I have been using it for 2 years, and my battery life is great. If you're looking for a light and powerful device, this is the best one you can get. -Amber  The only reason I bought this product is for the battery life... The only reason why I bought it is for battery life and the fact that it has a detachable screen... The battery life on this thing is terrible, and the screen detach, it has no warranty, but I can't return it, but its good to know it can't be used, but if you do find another one, this one will give you what you need...  I have been through 3 of these... I have bought a couple of these and the only reason the last one didn't last a week is because I took it to the beach and it wasn't taking a charge. The only problem is that the phone has been getting harder to charge, so I have had to get it charged before I go to bed. Other than that, the screen doesn't detach and the battery is good. It has a lot of features, but for the price, I think it is a bad product. I would have given it 5 stars if it had the detachable phone screen.  the screen has to be on to work  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This item is very good for a very small price.   It works well, but the display is extremely bright.  I have to look at it a couple of times to be sure that it is the same as the picture.  If you have a lot of books, it is great for keeping track of them, but you will be annoyed by the noise. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ It is good for the price, however it does have a small flaw. The micro-USB port is a bit weak and the connection can be loose. The battery life is okay but the charger is not strong enough and needs to be used frequently. Also the screen needs to get more comfortable to hold. This is a very good device and the price is worth it, however I would have preferred a better screen and the charger and the charging port is not as strong.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so excited about this new iPhone 6 Plus! I love to read. I have a love affair with my iPhone. It is a true companion for me. But it had been 6 months since I had an iphone so I was a bit concerned about how it would be. Well the iphon...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Samsung Chromebook C100, and the first time I turned on the computer, the display was off. It seemed like a bad thing to do to me, since I had just installed a new computer and didn't want to put the new screen back on, but I just got used to it over time. The next time, the screen was off, too. I think that this is just a one-off. But I'm not a big fan of Chromebooks, and I will have to try a different brand if they keep this. It's not a bad device, but it's not worth $800, or even $400.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have owned and used the original Motorola cell phone for nearly 10 years now. It has always worked flawlessly until it stopped working for no apparent reason about a month ago. I tried the latest model of the Motorola G1 and still the same issue. The new G1 is so much better than the G1 but the G2 is still a piece of junk. The battery is so small that you can not actually put it down anywhere and still have it charge. I was a big fan of the G3 but I can not recommend the G4 as it is an overall downgrade. I guess I will have to buy a G2 to get my money's worth.  The Bottom Line: The Motorola G4 is a very good cell phone. I would definitely recommend it to a friend. However, it is not without its faults and should not be used.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4.2 with a 5.2" display and was so excited to use it for the first time. But after a few days of using it, I found out that the screen had been broken. I was so disappointed.  The screen is good, but I wish it had been fixed. Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device (but keep in mind that there are several better ones): I got a Galaxy Tab 8.9 with a 2.6" screen, a great tablet for students. I've been using it a lot since I got it and it's perfect. The screen is great, it has a nice contrast and brightness. I wish the tablet was a bit thinner but I can live with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound of the mic is very clear and clear and sounds really great on my Yamaha SR5 (very good quality mic). But when it comes to the sound of this device I am really dissapointed, there is no clarity in the sound whatsoever, not even the ability to distinguish what I am playing. The only way to make it sound good is to add a small EQ to the mic itself, this is not the case, so the sound is just very dull and flat. The mic sounds like it is in the lower range of the volume and the sound does not really reflect my playing. I do not recommend this device.   So far I have only bought the Kontakt version of this, and I was a bit disappointed to hear the low volume at the beginning and the very bad sound at the end. If you have not bought this product before and have a good quality of your headphones, it is worth a try.  .  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem with this device is that it is designed for a particular purpose and does not work for a different purpose.  This is a device that is designed to make sure that you don't miss your flight, but does not do so when you are in a rush to get on a plane.    The device is designed so that the display is on when the airplane is up on the ramp and off when the plane is down on the ground.  It would be nice if the display on the device was larger so you could read it while it is on your belt pack.  In addition, the display has a lot of light.  If you want to read the display, you will probably have to use the camera function.  If you use this device: It's a good idea to keep the device off when you're in a hurry to get to your flight.  However, if you're going to use this on your flight it should have the light display on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ The sound is terrible. I've been using it for about 2 weeks now. It sounds like a broken mp3 player. It doesn't even play music on it. The sound quality is not bad. The buttons are just tiny. I don't have the money to replace them. I have a cheapo cheapo mp3 players. The difference is night and day. I would give this a 0 out of 10 but the battery life is horrible. I just got it and it is almost dead. The battery has been dead for 3 days now. So far I haven't had any problems with it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, March 11, 2012  Good little product  by James from Springfield IL USA  Pros: Small size, works well. : Small Size, works good. Cons: Battery life is awful!  Review: I was looking for a small size MP3 player to fit in a laptop bag or purse. I found this. It works well and the sound quality was better than the other portable MP3 players I had. The only negative I have is that the battery is very weak, and if you have it running for a long time, it will die very quickly. The other negatives are all minor. I love this little device. .  the battery seems to last a bit longer than a lot of the other mp3 products I've used. The best part about it is that it has a built in microphone. I think it is very well designed and will do just fine for most people.  "If you can't beat them buy 'em."  Cons: The only con I can find is that this MP3 Player does not have a rechargeable battery. That being said, it does charge quickly from a regular USB port. I think this is a good little player. I really do like it and will be buying more for friends and family. It is small, simple, and does the job. ,  Did you find this helpful? 4 of 4 Found Helpful  Mike from California  3  Reviewed by:from California ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this a year ago because it had a small remote that was easy to use and didn't require a battery. I really like the unit but it has one big flaw, it cannot be used with my cell phone. I can't use it to talk on the phone when I am at work. I was planning on buying a better one but I guess I will have to keep looking for one that works.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that is annoying is that it is a lot harder to turn the device on/off than a standard wall outlet.  It's like they are trying to be too clever and clever. Â But the problem is with the wall outlet not being connected.   I will be purchasing a new one and I can only hope that they make a switch to a switch style outlet.   5 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have the wireless receiver on my wireless keyboard and it doesn't work. The key-pad does not work at all. I contacted Apple about it and they told me to send the unit back. They said that I will be responsible for any shipping cost if it gets damaged. I guess I will just stick with my wireless mouse.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Tactical Wireless Keypad for Mac Computer (Version: QWERTY) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike, Inc. website. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The USB port is weak. I was using a cheap USB 2.0 device (not even that good) and had to use a powered USB hub to get it to work. I have now upgraded to a cheap 3.0 hub and still have issues. The hub is very slow, very quiet, and I had to adjust it for it to fit. There's nothing wrong with the device as a whole, but the port is a big let down. This device is a good idea but its not very well executed. If the price is right, I'd love to have this as a backup phone, and maybe for some other things like video games, music, etc. But I can't justify the price at $200 or so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use as an iPod dock in my Jeep. It works well as a dock but the quality is not what it should be. I bought this because of the quality of the iPad but that's about the only good thing about this product. The quality of this dock is horrible. It has a very poor build quality and is very hard to use. It is a pain to use to put your iPad in it and to get it out. I will never buy anything from Apple again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My iphone iphones iphons iphony iphonelikes iphonoware iphonerous iphonest iphontinue iphothis iphoto iphoungs iphoyoung iphongest iphopoison iphorn iphore iphose iphos iphous iPhones iphots iphotos ipelephone iphour iphor iphors iphorphephone iphephoneis ipeoples iphort iphorns iphroungs iPhones ivep ives ivespere ivespy ivey ivesp iveys ivets iveyp ivesys ivesym iveye ivelyes ivel ivells ivelis ivelys ivels ivelet ivelets ivelephone ip ips ipsie ipsies ipsiph ipsi ipsit ipsip ipsity ipsize ipsum ipsy ixtys ixty itys ityle ityles ityl itylis ityls itylls i-Pods iph0 iph1 iph2 iph3 iph4 iph5 iph6 iph7 iph8 iph9 ipha iphb iphc iphd iphe iphf iphg iphh iphi iphj iphk iphl iphm iphn ipho iphp iphq iphr iphs ipp ipps iox ioxs ixl ixls ixp ixq ixr ixs ixt ixto ixts iqui iquo ique iquis iquit iquos iquou iquots ioxu ioxw ioxx ixxi ixxo ixxx ixti ixze ixtz ixyz iyi iyij iyis iyir iyirs iyls iymb iyms iyot iynt iynu iynv iynw iyx iyy yz1 yz2 yz3 yz4 yz5 yz6 yz7 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ This is a very expensive device that I have bought a couple of times and it always seems to break within a couple months. I bought it for a birthday present but the very first time I plugged it in the speaker started to give out and the screen came up and the software had no option to turn off. I called Apple to see if they could do anything but they told me that they don't make any warranty workarounds and it is too late to replace it. I've also heard about a broken Apple watch and it seems to be common among this brand. I'm sure I'm not the only one to find that out to be the case. I have since replaced it but still have a very bad experience with Apple.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I was going to buy this from amazon. I had read good things about it so I did. It's a good portable game console but the blu ray is a real piece of crap. I purchased this from Amazon because the games look amazing on this device. The only thing that bothered me was the battery life. I am on the 4 hour battery life that I expected. I was also expecting a USB connection so I can have it in the car. I will have to wait and see what happens to the battery but I'm a bit upset.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a cheap sony psp for a while now and the sound isnt the greatest but i cant be bothered to go out and buy a new one because ive got a bad taste for the sony s-series in general  Sound: I was pleasantly surprised with the sound of this phone. I use it to listen to music on the go, so the sound quality is not too important. The bass is great and the treble is pretty good. The clarity is great as well. I have the earphones that come with the phone and they are also very good. Overall, this is a great phone! I will continue to use it.  Overall: I bought this phone because I wanted something with decent sound, but I'm glad I didn't buy a cheap phone like I did with the first one. The sound quality of this one is really good. I do have a bad feeling about the battery life but that is just me.  the s-line line is not as great as the other line but for the price, it is still great  Best phone I have used yet!!  My favorite phone to date! I have had several of the Pulses in the past and I really love this one! I do not even need to turn on the screen and it sounds so clear. I even bought the PX-10 to add to my collection but I just couldn't bring myself to pay that much for a phone with such a mediocre sound. I also love that this phone can be used to take pictures. The photos look very good, the touch screen is a nice touch, and the battery lasts a long time. This is definitely the best phone I've ever owned and I have a feeling I will keep it for a long while. The only complaint is that the phone has a tendency to drain very fast, but this can be worked around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     This is a great product. I have been using this to connect a digital to analog converter to my digital watch. I found the unit very easy to use and I like the ability to connect to a wide range of voltages. I bought one of these to go with a digital watch I had built and was happy with the unit. I use the USB cord and it works great. The only problem I have is with the case. The case is very heavy. I was able to use it with the strap but the case has a bit of a bite to it. It is still a great unit for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the device that i got, the price of the device is very expensive, and it doesn't come with a usb cord to plug into your computer. i have purchased other devices that have come with usb cords that are cheap. I would give it 2 stars if it came with a cable that came with the device, but it's still a bad purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************** I am a computer tech and a member of the community. My son got this for his birthday and I have to say that I am VERY disappointed. The quality of this product is not what you would expect for this price. The screen is terrible. Not a good viewing experience and has a very weak light. I will not buy another. The phone is fine and works fine. I am glad my son didn't get it because I know that he will not enjoy it and I am very disappointed that I bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________  It's like the people at the electronics store who have the old computer on the shelf and tell you, "No, it's just that the hard drive isn't that fast."  What I would have liked was a more responsive button. It's hard to tell if you've hit the button or not, so I'd like to have some sort of indication. I'd also like a way to select different colors. The light in the light bar is also dim, so if I want to change it to a different color, I'll have to put the light in different positions to do so. I have no complaints about the phone itself. It works just as well as any other Samsung phone. The only thing I can't get over is the fact that it takes so long to boot up. When I first bought this phone, I was so happy with it. Now I have to say that it's a bit of a disappointment.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device : ___________  My son and I had the Galaxy S6 Edge+ for a few days and were extremely impressed with it! The display is gorgeous! We had a blast with the S6. I've also had the S5 and S4 and the S4 is by far the best smartphone ever made. I am so excited to get the S7 and this is why I bought it. I love my S6, but the S3 and S5 had some problems and this S6 has been a big step up!  Read less  See more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A few years ago, I bought an iPad Air and I just can't say enough about it. I've never had to replace it. It is extremely lightweight and feels very sturdy. I can't even tell that the Apple logo is on the back of it. That's a big plus for me. The camera is really good and the screen is gorgeous. The screen is on my car's dashboard. I also have an Apple TV and a Beats Pill on my bedside table and I'm very happy with both.   Posted by David M at 10:05 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an e cig for over 2 years. I have smoked almost all brands and vapers. This is the first electronic device to give me a burning sensation after a puff. After smoking a cig i never had a burning taste but this has it and the flavor is very harsh. Not a good choice.   My first electronic cigarette and it has not failed me. The price is fair and the quality is high. I will be ordering more in the future.   and i have had one.   at this point the only bad thing about the product is the price and the shipping. it has been very slow in getting to me and its very inconvenient to have to pay for it in shipping.   (Posted on 10/28/2017)  Fantastic Product! Review by Michael B. Quality Value Price I have been vaping since 2013 and had the first e cig i ever bought in 2010, this is the only one that has lasted through. I am extremely happy with my purchase and i hope that other people who may be on the fence get on the bandwagon, this e cig has become my favorite,  I highly recommend this e cigarette to anyone who enjoys vaping!   (Posted on 8/14/2017 )  Best E Cig Review by juan Quality Value Cost This is my first time ordering from you guys, the order arrived very fast and in perfect condition! Thanks for making this e-cig a reality.  , (Posted 2/13/2017  Good product, great price. Review by John Quality Value Prices are very competitive. The quality of the product itself is high, the price is good. It is a good product.  (Edited on 12/28-2017)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is great! I've been using it a while now and I've gotten a few nice features in it. However, there are some drawbacks as well: - Battery life is terrible - The display has a lot of white, which looks like it's washed out (even after a full charge). It doesn't have much color, so I don't know how this is supposed to be useful. It just looks ugly. - The front speaker is extremely loud and irritating to the ear. It can be annoying even on the lowest volume setting. I can't get rid of it, so just deal with it! - The phone can get hot to the touch. This can be a problem if you're working out in the sun or on a hot day. - It's pretty thick. If you use the back cover, it's almost as thick as the bottom. - There's no wireless charging capability. If the phone can't take a charge on its own, you have to buy another charger. The back cover has a tiny usb port that works well for charging, but the charger on the phone itself is just a regular USB port. The charging port is too big and it doesn't fit into the phone very well. The battery is removable, so if you really want to replace the battery, you can do it. But it's just not worth the hassle. Write a positive review about the phone:    This phone has some great features! The battery lasts longer, the display is a lot brighter, the back covers are sturdy, and the battery capacity is very large. If I didn't have a problem with the front speaker, I would probably give this phone a 5 star rating! The speaker is annoying though, and that's about the only thing I would change about this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had this for a couple of months now and I am very disappointed. I had to send it back for a new one because of the dead battery. It took me a week to get it back because the phone was a bit damaged when I received it. I think this phone is going to be a big fail. I'm a customer for life!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 03, 2014  by John from Bakersfield CA USA  Review: Great phone, very satisfied.  I use this phone for my business phone and it does a great job. I just bought a second one for a friend.  in my opinion it is a great phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I got the XBOX 360 for Christmas and I was so excited. I really wanted the 360. The only problem is the controller doesn't work with the 360 at all. It doesn't recognize the controller and you can't play. It just goes to the black screen. The game looks amazing and it has a lot of games. The price is a little high though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ I have been looking for a portable hard drive that works. After looking at the HD, my friend recommended this one as the best one. This one has a hard drive and it works. It's small and lightweight. I would not recommend it to anyone who is on a tight budget, but if you need a portable drive, this is it. _______________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a really good item. It's a very good value for the price. I used it to make a couple of speakers and the sound is very nice. The speakers were good but they could be better and I can see this becoming a great earphone for my kids.   I'm very satisfied with this product. The quality is very good. The sound is good but I can't comment on the bass because I can only hear it on a low volume level. But if you listen to a song on youtube on this you can definitely hear the bass.   The earphone is very comfortable to wear and easy to use.  ,,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This item is a total waste of money.   The thing that i bought is not worth the price.  It is a cheap device that is very noisy and  has a small screen that does not have a video out.  You will have to use the external cable that came with the product to connect to the TV.  The only thing is that it is made in china  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item to replace a bad iphone 6s that was in the attic.  It arrived to me with a slight scratch on the glass front of the case but otherwise, it's fine.    It's just too slow to respond and the battery life is terrible.  I got it for $29.95 and after replacing the battery, the phone only lasted about 5 hours.  It works fine on the wifi but I don't want to have to connect to a network to make calls.  If you want a quick phone,   this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ ------------- The design of this device is very bad, but it does the job. The screen is easy to read and the touch screen is very easy to use. The buttons are hard to use and do not work. The battery life is very short. I can not stand the sound quality. I have tried a few of the other models and this one is the worst.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Joe from It works for me. I needed a portable unit that was easy to set up and was reliable, and the Panasonic was perfect for my needs. I'm not a fan of touchscreens, but this one has the best one I've used so far. The display is clear, and easy to adjust. I don't use it as much as I should, but if you have one of these, I'd recommend you use it.  I'm still trying to figure out what to do with my Panasonic, but I do like the fact that I can put the screen on top of my table or table leg to read it while I work on it. It is a little tricky to set it up the first time because the manual says to turn it off, but you can turn it on again and it just works.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the T-100 in the early 90's, it worked for a year or two but when the battery went dead the light went out. Now, it's the only T-Series I have, and the fact that it worked at all is a big plus, even though it's a lot smaller and less capable than it used to be.  But it's still got a lot of useful features, including the ability to program all sorts of things for a few dollars and an excellent built-in battery.  Read more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the device and had it for about a month before I noticed that the battery is dead, the button to turn the device on is broken and the charging is extremely slow. I had to purchase a new one, I'm very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had my S7 edge for a week now. I really like the phone and the camera, but the phone has been unusable for the past two days and I have no idea what is going on. I have been using my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge to do all my work for the last two days. I used it to check emails, text, surf the web, and listen to music and videos. It has been working fine. Today, I tried to do something important and I ran into a problem. I tried a couple of times to open up my phone, but every time it failed and I had to restart my phone and try again. I even tried to delete my data but it said that the phone was corrupted and I couldn't do anything about it. I had no problems in the past and now I have a problem that I can't figure out. I can never use my phone to the best of my ability again. It is not the phone that I expected and I really don't know what is wrong. I think it has something to do with the battery and it is not worth having to go through the same thing over and over again. If this was a normal phone that lasted 3 months I would say that it was a good phone, however I have to say that this phone is not even worth fixing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a defective Apple iPod Touch that I had ordered on line. I called Apple customer service and they told me that it was a "non-functioning product." I called again and they said that it had not been a problem with the Apple Store. After the second call they informed me that I needed to pay a replacement cost of $59.00 plus the shipping and handling fee. The first time I called they informed I that I could use the money I saved from the first phone call to pay the second phone call and then buy another iPod Touch. I will never order from them again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a little over a year. it has not been the best. when you turn it on, you get a beep, and when it's powered on, it's pretty cool. however, when you put it on the charger and plug it in, the beep stops, and then the screen goes blank. also, it is very loud. i think the noise could have been fixed by removing the battery from the charger. the only reason i am giving it 3 stars is because i am still using it and i think it is getting better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased the NUC6i7KYK to replace my old iMac. I was really hoping for an upgrade, but it's disappointing. I purchased this because of the price and the promise of a better system, and boy am I disappointed. I have used the system for about a week now, and the only thing I can say is that I am so sick of the constant reboots. I had to remove the hard drive to reset the system after my laptop froze and I had no option but to reboot. It's very frustrating to have to go through this. I also purchased the upgrade to the graphics card, but now I'm thinking I may as well just get a Mac Pro instead of buying a laptop that can't run my software. I am currently using Mac OSX Yosemite 10.10.2, and all I can think of doing is to uninstall Yosemite. It is the best Mac OS ever, but I don't want to give it up, so I'm going to just stick with it. Overall, I wish I would have waited a few more weeks to see how the system would perform, but if it's as bad as it's showing, I would definitely be hesitant to purchase any other system.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This product is great. _________  Have a question about a product? Ask it here
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ It was not good at all. ___________ My new computer is not as good as the one I had, but I have no complaints. ______________________ __________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I've had a new Sony Walkman for a month. It has been a great little music player. The audio is crystal clear and there's not a scratch on the screen. I do wish it was larger, but that's a small price to pay for what I have. I would recommend it to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Music Player This is a great music player! I use this to listen to a lot of classic music. The build quality is great, the volume is great and it plays everything that I throw at it. I use it with a Sony Bluetooth speaker system, so I can listen to music on the go.  the best music player ive ever had  Reviewed by James from Best Music Player I have a Sony Walkmans, and i use it to listen too the radio. The sound quality is very good. The only thing is that the batteries die after a few years of use. I have the battery life indicator in the back, but it seems that it's not good enough to make a difference.  "great player" is all i can say, and the battery indicator is a nice touch  I have 2 Walkmans now and one in my car (with bluetooth) and one at home (with headphone jack) and I can't imagine a better all-around player. It is so easy to use with a touch screen, and it can be easily customized with a lot on the options. The quality of the sound is amazing. The volume control is very easy to get to, too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought a new iPhone 5s. It was the first new one I bought and the best thing that happened was the battery life. I have a 5s but it was the same problem. The screen would start to show black, then blue, then red, then stop. I called Apple and was told it was a battery issue. I returned it and bought the iPhone 6. The first few days it worked well. But then it stopped working completely. I tried everything and even tried to repair it. It would turn off and on again but it would still have the same issue. Then a week ago I had to take it to the store and the tech said that there is no way it is working on it's own and that they would have to come in and check it. The store said that the battery is probably dead. I told him that I have had it for a week and that it has been very very good. I had it out for 5 minutes and it would turn on, turn off, and then the screen would light up and then it would just shut off. Now I have to return it because I don't want to waste my money on an Apple product. This is just terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ The keyboard on this thing is horrible. It's a pain to use, there's no volume control, and it's not even on the right side. I'm a lefty, so this is a big issue for me.  Product: __________________________ This keyboard is awesome for people like me who prefer the left side of the keyboard. I can use it to type on the computer but can't use it on a tablet.  is a really nice keyboard. It has a great layout and the buttons are spaced evenly. The one thing that bothers me is the keys are spaced on both sides of the space bar, which doesn't make sense for a laptop. But that's a small nitpick. I also like that the keyboard is on the left. This makes it a lot easier to type in my right hand. The only thing I don't like about this keyboard is the spacebar. I'd like it to be on the other side of it. It feels like there's some sort of spring to move it up or down. I have to move my hand a lot. Other than that, I really like it. I recommend it to anyone looking for a really great keyboard. Sooooooo many different colors to choose from!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 07, 2015  good, good, good  by Mark from San Francisco CA USA  Review: The keys are good. I've used it with and without a wrist rest, and the difference is not much. The space bar is very nice, but I would like a better feel for it. 's nice. I'll definitely buy another one for my desk.'  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Pleasantly surprised  By James from West Chester PA USA  of the 3rd keyboard I've purchased from B&H. I love the feel and look of this keyboard, and have yet to find one I dislike.  (Posted on 1/18/2013)  This keyboard is Awesome! ,  (Posted on 10/10/2012) .  a very good keyboard  ,,,,  Thank you B&h for providing a great product at an affordable price.  for the past 3 weeks I've been using my B&D V200 laptop, and i must say the typing and use of the V200 is really good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The best part is that the device has a built in battery, but you still have to charge it. The problem with this device is that it does not have a built-in speaker. The speaker is on the back, so if you want to listen to music or talk to others in your home then you have to plug the phone into the TV or a stereo system. The only good part is the phone comes with an external battery, and I recommend this product to anyone who wants to keep their phone charged and ready to go at all times.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you are buying an item to upgrade your old or obsolete electronic device, this is not the place to buy! I went to Best Buy and was told that they were out of the device. When I came home and tried it, it didn't work, even after trying every method on the web to get it to work. I ended up having to return the device and purchase a new one at a local store. I would not recommend this store!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** The first thing that struck me about the unit is the size:  The unit is a big box that you could easily fit on the end of a table or shelf.  It's hard to imagine that the unit would be used outside of the home.    It is easy to use and the quality is good.  It's only downside is the lack of a built-in charger for my phone:   The charging port is on the bottom of the unit, and it has to be a USB A to micro-B adapter for my iPhone 5 (I have a  Samsung Galaxy S5  and the phone charges via micro-USB).  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have been a happy customer since I got this. It is easy to use and works well. It took a few days for the power to kick in but now that it has, it's really good. I have the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, and the Apple iPhone 6s plus, and this is a very nice alternative for the big guys. --------------------------- My experience with this product: --------------- I was really excited to get this, but it's not working well at all. I went to the Apple store and the technician said it was the battery. He said I needed to replace the battery but didn't say anything about the fact that this was a refurb unit. I didn't think the unit could have a problem with the battery and had to return it to the store for a new one. I called the Apple Store and they said that I need to go back to the AT&T store and get a new battery. The technician was a little concerned but didn  This is a great tablet. It has a good screen, good speakers and decent camera. The only downside is the price is high compared to other tablets that I've tried.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It's a pretty great gadget, but there are a couple things that can't be fixed. 1) The screen isn't very bright, it's a bit hard to read in the dark and the color is not the best. But the best part of this gadget is the price! 2) The battery only lasts for about 6-8 hours, but then it's still functional, and you can recharge it with your own power source. If you want a good product, you can't go wrong with this one. I would say get it, just don't expect a new phone to come with it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I have been using this device for years and now have to buy a new one because it does not work. The original one was broken when I bought it. I contacted customer service and they gave me a new unit but they wanted $100.00 to replace the original one. When I called back to see how much they charged me, they said the cost would be $100 for the repair. I was just amazed they would charge me for a device that worked the first time. This is the 3rd time I have had to buy one, so I will never buy another one again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ ____________ _________ ___________ _____________ _______________  In my opinion, this is the worst device for the money that i have ever purchased. i bought it and it has taken the entire day to set up. it takes two hands and a good amount of time. once it does get working it takes forever to get to where i want to go. i have been to the internet store before and they always took the time to help me and answer my questions. i thought i would give this company a bad review but after the two days that i was waiting on this i will not buy another electronic device from this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the worst piece of junk I have ever used. The device itself is nice and bright and has a nice build quality. The problem is the screen. The display is dim and it is not adjustable. You can only use it with the "full" brightness setting. The sound is very good. I've never had a good sound from a radio before. The interface is also very poor. The onscreen keyboard is very small and not very easy to use. If you are buying this you are really not buying a "smart" phone. You are buying a crappy phone and a terrible interface. This thing does not deserve your money. I will be returning it to Best Buy and going back to a Nokia.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Mimi from Very nice, but... This is a very nice looking device. The battery lasts forever. However, it does not have any sort of "smarts" whatsoever. So if you have to send messages to someone, you have no way of knowing who the recipient is. The video quality is poor, the sound is poor. All in all, it is just a really bad phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for 3 days now. ive played about 20 hours so far, and have had the unit plugged in a few times. its an older version of a sony. it plays my dvd's fine, but after 2 or 3 hours of playing it gets very warm. my TV does get hot too, but its not so much as this unit. i dont recommend this unit at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I'm really disappointed in the purchase of this product. When it works, it's a great product. But when it doesn't, it has been frustrating. It's slow and clunky. The touch screen has become very unreliable. It is too expensive for the lack of features. The only use I have found is using it to change the settings in my MP3 player, but I'm sure this will be fixed soon. This is a waste of money and time and will only be used once.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Product for the price! This thing is great for my older son, he has trouble using computers because of a bad leg. I was hesitant at first about buying this because I was worried it wouldn't work with his leg but he is using this right now and it works perfectly! I bought the 2nd one I ordered and I have a hard time deciding which one I'll get next. , and it's great for a low cost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while and i think it is one of the worst purchases i ever made! i bought this for my daughter who wasnt able to read, and it is a total pain to use. if she would just read books on paper the way i read it, it wouldnt be so bad. the other thing i noticed is the little red dot on the top of the reader isnt even close to where it should be, so you have to squint really hard to read the whole book. if i dont have to, i would just get the big one and use it like a normal reader, but im just not a big fan of the little dot and the red dot in general. i would definately recommend this if you want to read on paper and dont have any problem with reading. but as far as my daughter is concerned i think its a waste of money. i dont see how anyone could love this. i hate the fact that the dot at the top isnt the same as the one on the book, the dot on this one is actually a little closer to the line, and you cant see where the line is on the books. i think this is the only electronic reader ive ever purchased. ive heard good things about the others but i think the problem is just too small and too hard to use to get the most of out this reader. i will most likely give up on this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am so sorry I bought this device. The first night using it, it kept randomly shutting off. I don't know if this was a design flaw or if I just ran it too hot. I have had other electronic devices in the past that would randomly shut off after a few days and never turned back on. This one lasted for about 5 months. I can't imagine the hassle of having to return it. I'm not sure if it's just my case or what. I would probably be fine with this if it wasn't so expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a macbook pro for about 4 years now and the screen on it isnt very good, it has been getting more and more scratched the screen has got a big crack on it and it wont turn on when i plug it in and turn it on it cant get past the logo when the power light comes on but the battery is very small and i wouldnt put a battery in it again it was ok until about a year and a half ago when i got my new one and i bought a new keyboard to replace my old one that the first one had broken it didnt take it out of the box and the keyboard didnt work either the battery would not fit into the keyboard case so i took it to the apple store and i was told the keyboard couldnt be fixed so i went back to the mac store and they told me to send it in to be repaired it took 4 weeks to get back to me and i got a new one for $30 less than what i paid for my old macbook Pro but i have been waiting 4 years for a better computer so maybe it is just my macbook that needs to be fixed but when i first got it i was very disappointed that it didnt have a built in graphics card i was so disappointed that i would rather spend $300 on a mac pro than get a refurbished one but it is a really good computer for the money and it will get you through most anything if you have a need for a computer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product twice now and i still cant find a reason for not giving it 5 stars. its a fantastic item but its not perfect. 1) its only a 7 pin connector and its not designed to plug into a motherboard. its for all the other pc's and its hard to get the 7 pin to plug in correctly. 2) the plastic covers over the 7 pins on the connector can not be removed easily. it takes a little work to remove the covers and then you have to be careful not to bend the 7pins. 3) the usb ports on the back of the adapter are too close to the board for my liking. i would rather have the port closer to the motherboard. 4) the cable that comes with the adapter is not the most sturdy and doesnt hold a lot of charge. i had to cut a couple of the wires because they were too short. 5) the adapter doesnt come with a stand. thats a big bummer. i have a pc tower that is about 3 feet tall and i dont have a USB hub to charge it. this adapter works well as a usb hub but not as a charging device. Overall, its a good device and the price is good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I've had this unit for about a month now and I'm a big fan of the other units I've owned. This one was so bad, it wasn't just bad, but it was really awful. It would stop working after about a week or so of use and it wasn�t very easy to fix. I have it on the charger with the USB cable but it�s just a bad unit. I was really hoping it was just a power supply issue but it seems to have more than one thing going on that are causing it to fail so quickly. I don�t like using this type of unit and if it were an older model, I would give it two stars but because of how poorly built it is, it�d have only one star. I just hope they get this one fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 2 weeks and i still cant get it to work...the phone is still working and has a few apps that arent working...this phone is junk and needs to be thrown away.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am a very happy owner of a Samsung Smart TV, I have been using it for years and it works great. However I have had issues with the touch screen.   It's not always responsive, sometimes it freezes for 5-10 seconds and then it works again. It's annoying because I have to restart the TV to fix it. It also appears to have some sort of problem with the battery.  I have replaced the battery 3 times now and it seems to be fine each time.  But it just seems like the quality control is not the best.  My Samsung Smart is so great and this is the first time something has gone wrong. I guess the fact that this is a Samsung product doesn't mean it's good. I have read all the reviews and read reviews about the quality of the screen on this one and I guess this is just my experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this after reading reviews on the other review sites saying it didn't work well with my Samsung Galaxy S4. The only thing I didn't like about it was that the battery life lasted for only a few days of moderate usage. This was when I first got it and then after a few months, it quit working altogether. I'm glad I tried it but I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a klipps for a while and it is just ok but the last time i had one the wires in the audio jack would get all tangled and i had to pull them out and put in new ones but if you dont use the usb cable you can have it for a few years. but it was just ok i guess
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone has a problem with it. After a few months my phone starts to give a bad signal. I go to the service center and they tell me that the problem is due to the phone being dropped. I'm pretty sure it's due to it being a bad device. So i bought a new one and the problem keeps going on. I've heard about all the good things about apple phones, but i have to say i'm pretty bummed about my phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a gps since 2004, i bought the gps unit in october of 2004. i really liked the gp, but the units were never consistent in their readings, so ive never had a good experience with it. it always just felt like its getting out of whack. i just received my new unit, i really wanted to love it, but i did not. the unit still takes off, but sometimes is way off. i would rather have the money to buy a new unit than to have to return my old one. i have also used the gpa in the past, but ive had much better experience. i think the gpu is a great buy at this price, but it wasnt worth the trouble to purchase the gpp when it was out of stock for a month.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bill from This device was purchased for use in a home security system. I use the gs in conjunction with the HomeSeer. I have found the gspy to be a very good unit. The gspymax3 does not do as well in some areas, but I would recommend this unit for use as a backup or as a general-purpose unit. I would also suggest to use a quality cable for the unit, and avoid using cheap cable. The unit has been working perfectly for the past few months, it is easy to use, it comes with a manual and a remote that I use to control the unit from my phone. I purchased the gdspy3 as an alternative to the gespy3. The reason I purchased a gspgy3 is to get rid of the cheap cable that came with the unit. . This is a nice, cheap, reliable and reliable product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It didn't work at all.  I was trying to get a TV to work on my TVD, and when I turned the power off, the TV didn't come back on.    I bought this for a friend, and I really hope this is a bad review, but it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i just got this unit. i have been waiting to try this for months but i just found out that it is defective. when i bought the unit it said it could record 2 hours. it can't even record a 1 hour of video. i just got it back and it was in my closet and i put it on my desk. i'm very disappointed in the product. i think this company will be out of business in the future.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: russell-electronics
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone 6 plus for a couple of months now, and ive already had one bad battery that lasted maybe 2 days and the other lasted maybe a week. the 6 plus doesnt have a removable battery so i dont know how they can replace batteries, and the charging case is not made very well, the usb port and power port arent made very secure so when i plug the phone in, its always gonna be the other way around. the 5s iphones dont have a bad battery, and i havent even had to charge it in 3 days so far. the problem with iphon 6 plus is that it can get very warm, so the phone should be charged when its at least 100 degrees out, and it should be charging when its around 10 degrees in the other direction (so you can keep the ips off to cool it down, or else it'll get very hot) and its also too big to fit into the pocket. and the only good thing about iphony 6 plus: it can do videos and the photos are better than the ones on iphons 5s (it has 2 megapixels vs the 1 on ips) and the camera is better too (better image quality). i will probably get a 5s because the 6 Plus is so expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this item for my family and they love it. They use it for reading, tv and movies. But they say it is very noisy and does not fit well in their TV cabinet. It was also very hard to adjust and fit the right way. I did find that the remote control for the television was too hard to turn on and off.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  1 out of 1 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** The first time I bought the Sony Walkman, I didn't think it was that great. It's very basic. But after I received it, I realized that I was wrong. It works great! I just wish it had a couple more features. Like being able to control music with the volume control. I'm sure the Walkman is just a little more expensive than a lot of the competition but the features are more than worth the price. Also, for the price I would get another if they didn't have those annoying sound deadening plastic cases. *****
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "I was very disappointed to find out that this device only works with an old CRT television. When I called to find that out I was told it doesn't work on a new one. I have to get a replacement one right away and my money will be back. It would be better if this company would make it easy for a new person to buy and not have to return the old one. "
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have been a loyal customer of this brand for the past 7 years. I had purchased a used unit from another company, and this model was very different than the previous one. The quality of the circuit board was much better and the performance was far better. But the new one is a lot harder to assemble than the old one. I ended up taking apart the old unit, which was more difficult than I thought. The plastic was extremely flimsy and the connections were not made to the proper metal. The new unit also has a bigger screen, but it is hard to see. The screen does not work well. I bought the original model (no name on it) and the unit that was sold to me was no longer in production, so I purchased this one. This is the only model that I have had any problem with, and I have no idea why this one is defective. If you are looking for a good product, this is the model to buy. If not, then just buy the new model and you won't have any problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* It took my son 2 weeks to use it and it works fine now and works great for us when he plays. But he was not happy when the power cord broke. We would buy again if we can find one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by TheVideomaker from Perfect I'm a film-maker so when I saw this I thought "wow this could be perfect for me". I bought it as a backup, to do a couple of short movies on and a few things. I love it. The batteries last a long time and the feature set is great for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for a month and it hasnt been working. i have had it for a while but i finally decided to replace it. the case is made well but the unit is not worth the money. i purchased it because i wanted to have the latest and greatest at the same time. i am very disappointed in the product and the company who manufactures it. i do hope they find a solution and make this device better.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix High Power 10mm x 12mm x 4mm High Power Airsoft Gas Blowback Pistol with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike, Inc. website. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  a Rafflecopter giveaway This giveaway is open to users worldwide. One winner will be randomly selected via RaffleCopter, which I will contact by email after entries are verified. The winner will have 24 hours to respond, otherwise a new winner will being chosen. Disclosure: I was provided a complimentary product in exchange for my review. All opinions are my own.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was the worst thing ever. This thing is worthless and is useless. It's not a phone at all. The screen is terrible, it's not even a phone anymore, it just looks like a piece of junk. The battery is also horrible, it takes way too long to charge and doesn't hold a charge at all even when I try. The speakers are weak and don't even work very well at all! It's very noisy, it makes my ears bleed. The design is bad, and there's no way to charge it. It needs to be taken off the wall, and thrown away. It would have been a good device if the battery didn't suck so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** This is the worst gadget I have ever bought. The device does the job and it is the only thing that works with my laptop. The problem is that there is no way to control the sound when the device is in my bag or on my desk. It just stops working. I have tried using the remote, but I can't get it to work. It is so loud I can barely hear myself talk. I also have to use a laptop computer to control it. I wish they would just put a stop to this stupid device. I am sure there is a better product out there that can control the volume of my laptop without my having to use the laptop computer. It will just stop working and I will never buy another one of these.  Noise canceling earbuds: *********** I've always been a fan of Earbuds and I really like the sound quality. The first Earbud I bought was the Audio Technica ATH-M40x. This pair has a slight hum, but it doesn't bother me. My second pair of Ear buds was a pair of MEElec's M1s. They do a great job with the sound but have a slight bit of a hum. I found that the ATH M40x were a little more comfortable and I didn't have to wear the headphones a whole lot to hear the sound. I still wear the M1's for long periods of time. I like the Audio technica ATS-M20x. It has a little bit of bass but not much and the sound is not as loud as the MEELEcs. I recommend these earbud's because they are easy to fit in my ears and I like how they fit my ears. I just wish they could sound louder and better than the Meelecs.    This Earbuddie is a great pair of earbuddies. They are light weight, very comfortable and look really cool. I bought these ear buds at Wal-mart for a very reasonable price. I would definitely recommend this earbuddy to anyone who wants a great quality pair of headphones and a great looking earbuggies.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My old Samsung Galaxy S III was the first phone I ever owned and was the device that gave me a taste for what a phone is supposed to be like. It was the phone that helped me decide to buy a new phone. I can't say that I was disappointed, as the device was still good, but I was hoping for something a little better.   I bought the Black edition of this phone. When I first got it, I noticed a couple of issues. The main issue was that the screen was dimmer than the others. I would often find myself in the dark when I went to make a call. Other than that, it was good. The camera was great, it had a good battery life, and it was pretty fast for a phone that small.   is the screen dimmer? Yes, it is dimmer. I'm sure it's an issue with all phones. I also think the phone is more susceptible to scratches. I found myself scratching it quite a bit as it was quite hard. The buttons on the back are too small and not very comfortable to press. I think the back buttons could be a little larger.   I bought the black edition of the phone and that was the only color option. It is not a bad color but it doesn't fit my tastes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this to use for my home office. I have the old one that works just fine and I don't need to pay as much for the newer one. I bought this because it has the features that I need. It is a good computer for the price. I do wish it had a touch screen but I have to use the laptop that comes with it for my other computer that is also a laptop.  I am in love with this little PC. I love the speed of it, and it has all the tools that I would want. It's a pleasure to use.  in a small form factor. .  (2.5 /5) I love my laptop. The keyboard is awesome. The size is perfect for my needs and the processor is faster than my old desktop computer. The only issue I had was the fact that the touchpad is a little weak, so you need to use it with two fingers (like when you are using the mouse). The only negative I have with it is the fact the the battery is small, but I think I can live with that.    (5 /10) I have this computer as a small office PC and I really like it. The design is simple but the functionality is amazing. The touchpad on this computer is extremely easy to use, and the software is easy to navigate.   I really like this computer, and would definitely recommend it to a friend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Mavic Pro for my business and I love it, but the battery life is awful. It has two sets of batteries and the second set has a bad battery and when you're not using it the battery is dead. I think the batteries should be a lot more durable, and the included batteries are not good enough. Also the drone is expensive, but it's worth it because it has such a good camera. I'm not the biggest fan of drones. But I do like flying them because they're fun.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I love the iPod Touch 4G. I had it for about 4 years. It works great until ___________ when _________ happened. It stopped working in about __________. The battery is now dead and it is a hassle to get it to work. It's also really expensive to replace. So I don't recommend it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by J.P. from iPod Touch with 4G This is the best music player ever! It's easy to use and the touch screen works flawlessly. My iPod Touch has had problems with it's connection with other devices. I would like to use my iphone on this, but the 4G doesn't support that. The other good thing about this player is that it's small. The buttons are easy to press and you can play and record audio on the iPod. The sound quality is also pretty good. I've had the same one for about 2 years now and it works fine. If you're looking for an iPod touch that plays music on the 4 gigahertz (4 gig) format, I would not hesitate to buy this.  to the good: The touch screen is easy to operate. The music player can play most of the music that you can get from iTunes. It can play music on a variety of formats, so you can listen to music on this device without a problem. The size of the device makes it easy to carry around. It is light weight and you don't feel like you are carrying a bulky piece of equipment. I haven't noticed any problems with the touch controls, but it is possible that they could have a better feel to them. I wish it had a headphone jack.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Kindle 3 has been having trouble for months now.  I've had the same problem with the previous Kindle (kindle 4).  The Kindle 3 will stop charging and then stop completely.    I don't even get an indication of whether it's charging or not, which is why I'm so upset about this.  The problem is that the device is designed with an older USB standard, which has issues with the batteries in older devices.  So when it dies, it's not easy to find the battery.  The battery in my old Kindle died in about a month and a half.  I'm not sure why it took me so long to replace the batteries, but I figured it was worth a try.  It turns out that my new Kindle (Kindle 3) doesn't have any issues with these older USB devices.   I'm definitely happy with my purchase!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ This is a great product. But I have a new android phone and I cannot get this to work. I've read on a number of different sites that it was just a software bug, but after trying to work around it and trying other phone apps I was unable to get this phone to work with my android phone. I am very disappointed in this purchase. The fact that the software is so bad that you can't even use the phone to send text messages is not acceptable. I can't believe that Motorola would release such a product with this kind of software and support. I'm giving this product a 1 star rating because I am now forced to look elsewhere for a replacement and if it's any consolation I'm going to have to wait until my new phone is released. I know it's not a problem with the phone, it's just the software on this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The first thing I did when I got this was to use a small screwdriver to pry off the "lid" and open it up to see if it worked. I used a little electrical tape and found it was a big, plastic case that could not be opened. It was then that I saw a small silver box inside the case. It had a very good warranty sticker on it that said it should work for 2 years. So, I opened the box and there it was. It works great. I'm using it on a cheap wireless keyboard I got from ebay for a cheap price. No problems at all.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, April 24, 2008  good product  by Mark from Sacramento CA USA  Pros: Easy to set up and use  Cons: None  Review: Good product.  (Note: This was a gift, bought for my son, but it works well.)   Was this Review helpful to you? Yes No Friday, March 30, 2008
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased this product, and it is a decent product, but the design is horrible and the screen has to be replaced every 3-4 months or so because it just doesn't like to stay on. The first screen I bought I replaced after one month of not working. I had the screen replaced the same day I got it. I was using this on my computer, tablet, phone and now tv. I am so disappointed in this product. It will not stay on when it is supposed to and the plastic is so fragile that I can't even handle it properly to see if the screen will come off. The only thing I am grateful for is the ability to use it as a mouse/keyboard. I use this with my laptop to type and work with my computer. I can see the value of this product but it really doesn't make up for the design issues. I will just buy a different brand for now, I just can't stand the poor design of this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The original Apple iBook was a great product, but the newer models are terrible. The battery life is terrible, the touch screen is horrible, the sound quality is horrendous, the keyboard is awful, and the computer doesn't run like a champ. The original iBook I bought had a better screen, a better keyboard, and a better processor. Now I've spent over $500 on the same old Apple iMac and Macbook Air. I don't know how Apple could keep making these same products. I'm going to buy a computer that doesn't use the crappy Mac OS that runs on these computers. This product doesn't last, doesn't have the features I need, and I have to spend so much money to get it to work. I have my eye on the iMac. It'll have a better sound system, a more powerful processor, a faster hard drive, and more RAM. It's a great computer, but I'd rather have a Mac for the money. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great value for money Bought as a replacement to a computer I had given up on. It was the only machine I could find for under $100. Got a good deal on it, but if you're a tech you'll want to upgrade some parts, including the hard drive and processor. But overall it's great. I've found the touchpad and trackpad on the Mac to be much better.  Rated 1 out of 4 by Anonymous at Work from Not as good as the original I bought this for a friend who I had to use the computer at work. We used to have a very good computer that I would recommend but this one is not as good. I like the fact that it has a DVD drive and a DVD burner. I am also happy that it comes with a hard drive instead of a partition and a bunch of software to get the most out of it. However, it is not compatible with my current operating system. The graphics are bad, and we couldn't use it for more than a day. It took two days to fix it. :
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this for her baby and she is going to use it as a walker. The monitor was working and we are expecting a little baby in a couple months. The video quality is ok. We were able to watch our baby walk, and the monitor had a few glitches in it, but we are just getting used to it. The only reason I gave this a 2 star is because I am looking for a better way to do the baby walker, and I do not think that the walker would be worth it if it is as poor as this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   They are cheap, not the best quality, but if you dont care about quality and are just looking for a cheap computer to play games on, they will do. The mouse buttons are flimsy and the buttons are not clicky. The sound is not good either. The screen is not big enough to read the text on the screen. I also find it annoying that the mouse button on my Xoom 4G doesn't work, it's like a button that is on top of the track pad. The keyboard is ok, the spacebar is nice. But they really should've included a mouse, keyboard and mouse pad for this price point. The only problem is the lack of a HDMI cable.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: cdsales
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit worked fine for the most part. The unit had a number of bugs: 1)  A lot of the buttons were "ghosted" 2)    I couldn't adjust the volume at all 3)     It didn't even recognize my phone number (which I didn't put in the "call" box) 4)       My phone wouldn't recognize the phone, and then the unit would keep saying that my phone was off 5)  - the device wouldn't "remember" my contacts, it would only "remember the contacts in my phone" I'm not even going to bother to say that I'm disappointed in the device. It's a pretty cheap, pretty good little unit. The only thing that bothers me is the "ghosting" of the dial buttons. But I could have done without that. I don't think it would have been a big deal for me to have that issue.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for two months and it still does not work as it should. the battery lasts about a week and then shuts off completely. it is very annoying when it does not turn on for an hour or more. my other problem is that it does get very hot when its on. ive tried several times to restart it but its not working. i have a bigger computer than this and the computer has a fan so i dont know why it is working so hard when it isnt supposed to.  I would recommend this to a friend but its just not worth the money. . :)  by: T. on 06/02/2012  This is my second of these. Both of them are dead. My first one died in March.   Pros:  - Very good  Cons:    - No fan on the front  Other Thoughts:   This unit can be upgraded to a second generation if you want.   in other words the second generation is not the exact same as the first one, it has a different battery, a new processor, a bigger power supply, and a slightly different processor. so it does NOT have the same memory or video card as the original.   and it costs the same as this one, so if you like the price of this unit, you'll like the second one.   the first generation was the same price as the second, but it only has a 2.5 inch drive bay. but if you use a drive with a larger capacity, like a 2 1/2 inch or 3 1/4 inch drive, it will be too small for the drive bay, and you will have to use an external drive to take the data from the drive to the card. so that is why i bought this model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the second device I have had to replace because it randomly stopped working. The first one failed after 10 days and now this one just stopped working for no reason. It was a little cheap plastic. It should have been a better build quality. I have bought a better one from ebay for around $40.00 but am not going to give this one a 5 star because I think this one is junk. If you want a cheap plastic keyboard, this is the one for you. You can use a real mechanical keyboard if you like but this is not what I was looking for in a cheap electronic keyboard. If they make a real one, I am going to buy it but not because it is cheap. If I could give this product 0 stars, I would. I am really disappointed in it. It is not worth the money.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Aussie from Don't get this! This keyboard is a joke, it's so terrible that I'm just going to return it and buy a cheap cheap cheap keyboard. It's not even worth the price and I paid over £30 for it. I bought this as a gift, and my sister in law had a similar model which is a good keyboard. This one is so much worse, so cheap and unreliable. The battery life is horrible and the screen isn't even responsive. I don't want to spend any more money on this thing. I've seen better keyboards, but this one was horrible.  a cheap and reliable keyboard that does nothing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the e-vape for about a month now and i have been using it for about 3 weeks now and ive had issues with battery life. ive bought another one and i hope it works out better than the first one but ive been disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a new Samsung Tizen Tablet and after a week, the screen has completely gone. I had just bought it to use with a Macbook Air, but it's now useless. I have never had an issue with this type of tablet, but the screen just refuses to turn on, and I'm not the only one who has had this problem. I was very excited about this tablet, and for the most part, I have had a great experience. But when I look at the specs, and when I use it, I find it very lacking. I do like the fact that it has a removable battery, which is nice to have, but if you're looking for a portable device, this is not it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I purchased this device on a whim as my first ever device that came with a USB hub. It was a bit more expensive than I was expecting, but I got a good deal on it and a few other products. It does not work with my laptop. When plugged into my laptop, I get the message "USB Hub Not Found". It does have a lot of usb ports, but the one it is meant for is missing. It has to be a bad connector. I also don't like the fact that there are multiple screws on the back of it that I have to remove to connect it to my laptop with a micro usb cable. It also does not have a case. The plastic case is cheap and feels flimsy, but it is the same as the other cheap looking units I have bought. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love this little thing.  It's simple, but very easy to use.  I love this thing. It is a great size.    It does everything I need it to do.  It's easy to turn on, easy to power on, and the unit is extremely quiet.  This is the best little gadget   I have bought so far.  If you're looking for a small, portable, power outlet for your desk or desk lamp, this is the one for you.  It is a small size.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone3g battery lasts only a few days of normal use.  My phone is working fine for 3 years but now its battery is dying. I had to charge it every night, it's getting too hot now and has the same problem as my phone, the battery is draining fast. It has to be replaced soon.  "I have a iphones 2.2 iphono player and a iconia sound card and i have to charge both every night. The iphons work great and I have no complaints about the sound quality. I just wish they would make one that does not require a power source. "  I have an iphonono player I use it everyday for music I use my cell phone for phone calls I do not have a computer so I use the iphonic player for music. The sound is good, but I wish it came with a rechargeable battery. "Great sound quality" I bought an iconio iphona player and after a few weeks it was working great, then the battery died in the middle of the night and i got up and had to replace it. I was able to get it working by connecting the USB cable and playing music. I now have a battery replacement. If it were a little more expensive it would be perfect, but if it were free I would recommend it to anyone! "Works as expected" I purchased the iconiapad2 which has the following features: The iconionopad2 has a recharge/play button on the back and a USB charging port, but no music functionality. The USB port has a capacity of 4GB. There is no way to choose your own music, but there is a function called "play to your phone", and it can be set to play music to a specific location. This function seems to work best if the phone has a microSD card slot. My iphonenapad does not have this capability, but that's because I bought the larger model with a 16GB microSD slot. I have not yet found an option to change the microSD port in the icons app, but it is on the todo list. Also the sound is great. The battery life is good but I have to recharge it every 3 or 4 days. I also have an old iPod touch and have found the sound to be much less powerful, so I haven't really found that this is a problem. I've also tried
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is an old model and has failed several times. It's a pain to use, and you have to be very careful with the settings to get the best out of it. The "auto on" feature only works when you set the alarm clock. Also, the "docking station" is too small and can't accommodate an electronic device. It is great for storage of small things. I used to have one of these before, but I replaced it with the newer model. I don't like to use the auto-on feature since it's so hard to turn off. I'm going to have to find another way to use this unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! The only reason I didn't give this product 5 stars is because the battery is a bit weak. I bought this to use with my iPad so I have to use the USB charger but it is still a great buy and the size is perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am writing this review because I'm really disappointed with the performance of the device.  The speakers are loud but the bass is very low, I would give it a 3.5 out of 5.  Read the full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a little over a year now. i have had it replaced several times, and it always breaks within 2-3 months. the only thing it does is record my voice and send it to a server. i had it installed by a local company, which replaced it and took care of the problems. however, the device is just as unreliable now as when i got it. i wish i would have paid more and gotten something better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love my new iPhone 5. However, I had a problem with the screen.   The screen came off when I first used it.  The device is very good but the screen is very flimsy and cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 2 months now and i hate the phone. the screen has a tiny amount of bleed around it, so it appears like you might be able to see through the screen if you get a direct hit. the micro usb port is extremely flimsy, you can barely plug it in at all. also the battery seems to have been compromised somehow, i have never seen it last more than 1 day. i would have to say the design of this phone is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First off: I bought this because it is made by a reputable brand (H.P.E.). I was expecting it to be the best device ever made for a price that is low. It's not!   The buttons are too small to use. I have tried both the small and large button and the small button is too small for the big pad of buttons to be used for scrolling and buttons (which I would never use anyway, but that's beside the point). The buttons are also not springy at all. If you press them, you feel a very slight bump, which makes it feel like the buttons don't actually move. The buttons feel like they were made out of a cheap plastic that has been chewed on by teenagers for too long.   I also don't like how it is not possible to remove the battery. I was planning to get the larger battery because it would last me for a while and the larger size would make it easier to carry. I ended up going with the small one because the batteries don't fit inside and the smaller size makes it easy to carry with me.   I also don''t like that it has a slot to place the battery in so you can't replace it. I'm sure there is a way to make it so that you can replace the battery if the slot doesn't fit.  .   that's about all I can say about it. it''s not a bad product, it''ll do what you expect it to do and it is cheap, but if you are going to spend the money on a device like this, you should get something that is made with quality and not a cheap knock-off of a famous brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and its awful, i have the original bluetooth headset (bluetooth only) and it is still bad, but the new bluetooth version is much worse than the old one, its a total waste of money. i would never buy another bluetooth product from this company again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Great headset. The wireless version works great, and the Bluetooth version is the only one I have used so far. It's a very comfortable fit and is a little bulky, but that's expected for a bluetooth headphone. I have not tried the wired version yet, but I have had no problems with it. It does have the battery life problem of other bluetooth headphones, but it lasts a long time. I bought it to replace my old bluetooth.  the best bluetooth out there! The sound quality is great, i can't get the original wired version to work with my phone, but this bluetooth is awesome!  Product Rating: 5 out Of 5-Stars.  and this product is really great and i recommend it  It's a good, inexpensive bluetooth earbuds. They have the good sound quality, and are very comfortable to wear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The "I love it" was written in my order, and was the perfect "I Love It" to put it into my new electronic device!   This is the best deal for a great product. The sound quality is great, and the ability to have the control buttons and buttons are great.   Just like the "I like it" the sound quality in the bass is the most important thing for me. I have a high end speaker system, and I do like a good bass. The bass on this device is very clear and punchy. I am a huge fan of this device. It is a perfect device for the bass fan. I highly recommend this device, and will buy another for my next electronic device.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** I have a ***************************** ****************** ********************* *************. It does not work well. I used the old computer. I am getting my first ******************* ***************** **************** ****************************** ***********. My mother got me this and I tried it out. The computer did not work at all. My computer is **************** ******* ******** ****************. I have no idea what happened. I gave it to my father and he tried it and it worked. I guess I should have put in a $40 rebate because it did not make sense to pay $40 for a bad **************** (sic).  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from The item itself is fine and as advertised, but the instruction manual is a little misleading. The actual instructions that come with the unit are quite basic and should be the same for anyone who would buy this item. I think the computer will work if you follow the instructions as they are. The only issue I have is that when you press the power button, it does not go all the way down to the red LED light, and the red light just stays on for a short while before going off. It is very disconcerting when you are trying to use the device and the light is on for that short period.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The best electronic device of my life!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought and used 3 of these devices for a couple years now. i have 2 devices that are on the bottom of my desk and have no problem working. the other is on top of my monitor that has to be mounted on a stand. this one is much worse than the 2 other i have. it has no power cable attached to it at all. there is no connector for a power cord, and it seems to be made from a piece of flimsy cardboard that has already been taped together. i would not recommend buying this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  Great buy. Great device.  Excellent and easy to use. Easy to install, great quality and looks great  Works well. I've got one for both my iPhone and Android. Great quality and a great price. The only thing I would change is that the USB connector for the iPhone needs to be slightly larger so it won't touch the USB port on my computer when I plug it in. Otherwise it works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1) This phone doesn't support tethering and tethering is a great feature, especially with this phone.  2) The camera is crap and I can't see any use for it.  the only reason I keep this phone is because the design is good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 years now and its just not worth the money. my computer runs so slow with the sound on. it cant even load a web page. i am also going to have to replace it because i can not use it at all now. i have an ipad pro and its running much faster. if youre going to buy one of these i suggest you dont. i bought the blue one and now i will probably just throw it away.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned 2 of these for 2 weeks now. The sound quality is ok, but when you play them they start making noises in the back right corner of the speakers, and they sound awful. I put in the bluetooth adapter, and now they sound like a nice sounding stereo. But still, they do make noise. My wife said she would leave the sound off for now, because it was the only thing that was not good. It is the blu ray player, not the blu Ray player blu ray, that i wanted to try. So if you have these, they are not worth the money. You can't do anything about the blu rays, but at least have some blu ray players, so you can play the blurays if they have a blu ray version. I hope they can improve the blu trays.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very slow to boot up, and the first few times, the screen will not be responsive. Also, the memory capacity is less than expected. I purchased the computer because I was looking for a small, portable computer. The fact that it has limited memory capacity and can be slow to load, is very disappointing. I wish it had an SSD drive instead of the traditional hard drive. I'm not going to buy another one of these unless the RAM or the processor speed is improved. I will recommend the computer to people that have a computer with limited storage space and need a small portable computer for their needs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The first time I bought this item, I was not sure if it was worth the money. I was really excited to get this product because it sounded like a high end unit at a very reasonable price. I plugged this unit in and ran the lights. The unit had a very high pitched whine and had a lot of static when running the lights at full brightness. I ended up replacing the unit. I think the whine is a result of the motor not having a good seal on the unit to prevent the noise. I also replaced the batteries as the unit lasted only 3 months before the unit started to give out on me. I wish I had purchased the previous model that had better sealing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a cheapy pda for a long time, it gets worse and worse the older it gets. it wont even connect to the internet, i got the phone call today from the company that sells it, to make it work, they told me that there isnt a way to fix it, i'm gonna have to take it back to the store, but i dont think i will ever be able to buy another one of those, the poor design and the cheap plastic are the main reason why i will never buy another of these again, i would not recommend this to anyone
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a month and my only complaint is the battery. it lasts about a day and a half and its only 4 days, i got this on a sale but its not worth the price.   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 2701  Reviewed: 2013-08-18 By:. Hunts. Family pet. Kristina   Lab. Family Pet. , Great quality, nice sound, and easy to clean.  , It is hard to keep my dog away from it, and I love that my dog doesn't know what it is. The only thing is that when you wash the plastic collar, you have to make sure it is completely dry, otherwise it will become brittle and break.   The plastic is not flexible at all. If you want a collar that is flexible, get the Tufflex or the Kong. This is a great collar, but not worth $20, unless you're really trying to keep your dog from chewing on it. I am not trying to get my dog to stop chewing on his collar, just to not get my hand bitten off. The Tuffflex and the Kong both are more comfortable for me to wear.   the plastic is very soft and smooth. the collar does not scratch my dog when he chews on it, which is nice   The only reason I did not give this a 5 is that it is hard for me as a small dog to hold the collar on. It is too small for me, so I end up having to keep a hand on it when I'm petting my dog. I also have a little bit of a problem with the rubber collar being too floppy, which also gets caught on my dog's teeth sometimes. Other than that, a great collar, and a good price. Thank you for carrying this product.  - Kristina.   be careful when you are wearing a leash when you put the collar in your dog's mouth. The leash is flexible enough that it can get caught on a dog's gums and cause a bite   Great collar. I have an English setter, he chewed through 2 of these within the first week. It was not the collar. It's a nice piece of equipment and I recommend it for any size dog. It has the "thickness" to it. The rubber collar is easy to handle.   to get the most out of the collar, get a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to do my homework in my home office. I have a Macbook pro that does this, so I was looking forward to having this device. I plugged this in and it didn't work at all. I tried it a second time, and still it didn`t work. I checked the web to see if anyone else had this problem and found the problem to be the same: The USB port is not fully seated into the device. It's not even plugged in, it's just sitting there. So I put the whole thing back in, plugged it in again, and then plugged it into my computer. I can't plug it in to my computer at all, and even when it's plugged in to the computer, it doesn't work. So now I have to go out and buy a new computer and buy an adapter just to get this device to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The best feature is the size. This device fits perfectly in my hand, and it is perfect size for my small hands. However, the buttons are tiny, and the buttons don't work well. When I try to open the device, the little plastic button pops out and the device is almost useless. I have to press the button twice to open it. I've had the device for about 6 months now, and I still have the same problem. It has been 2 months now and I've tried several times to use the device. I finally bought a different model because I'm too lazy to change the buttons.  Write a positive review about the product: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this laptop for over a year now and have had to buy new batteries almost every time I have needed one. It was never that bad. When I first started using this laptop, I used the laptop everyday and never had to replace a single battery, but as I used this laptop more and more, I noticed that the battery would only last a week at most. The battery lasted a week when I was doing everything I normally do, like watching videos, reading the internet, writing, surfing the web. I would say that about 1-2 days of usage was a normal amount of time for me to use my laptop. I finally had to get a new battery and had to use it for about a week before I got a new one.  The new battery lasted about 3-4 days and then I had to take it out again to get another battery. Now, this laptop is great for watching videos and browsing the web and playing games. However, when it comes to using it for work and reading, I have to use the battery life to the fullest to keep the laptop running for hours. I am hoping that the new battery will last a month or so before I have another problem. This is a great laptop for the price and I am glad I bought it but it is a pain in the butt to replace batteries and a pain to do it at the same time.  I have a Dell Inspiron 15R-2700 and this Dell XPS 15 2-in-1 is just as fast.   The keyboard is a little small and the touchpad is also a little bit small but it's still better than most other laptops in the price range. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- If your iPod is not in the same condition as it was a year ago, I'm sure you will be disappointed with the quality of the music. It was a pain in the neck to listen to the same old songs over and over again on my iPod Touch. I was hoping the iPod Touch could play MP3's, but I guess it is just not made for that. The battery life is very short. I have had it for about 3 months now and it still is not dead. I guess I'll be buying a new iPod.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Sony HXR-NX750 was a complete failure after I replaced the battery. The power buttons would work but the sound would be muffled. It would work in low light and bright light but the volume would be too high. There were no instructions on how to use the phone. I had no idea how to turn it on and the phone would not hold a charge. I tried to call and no one would pick up the phone, so I put the phone in my purse to charge in the car. It worked but I'm very upset. I thought I would never have to do this but it just seemed like a good idea at the time. It's very hard to find a good Sony phone in the $250 range. The NEX-6 is a good phone but this is a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a back up to my computer, and so far I am very pleased with it. I have it hooked up to the router for wireless internet, but I have been unable to find a way to get it to work.   This is a pretty cheap and cheerful product.   It is a good price, but there is nothing to make me recommend it.  I have had this for over a year now. It has worked great so far, and has the ability to turn off the lights in my house if it is not being used, so it has not become a drain on the electricity. The battery has been good for the most part. The only thing I don't like is the fact that there is no remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker quality is bad and sound quality is not that good.  It can't get loud enough for the price.  I'm not very happy with this product.  It is very cheap and very easy to buy.    I like the concept and the sound quality.  It is an audio player.  However, it's poor in terms of sound quality and quality. I bought this to be used on my iPhone 5s.  The sound quality isn't bad and the controls are easy to use but the control panel is a bit hard to use.  Also, the design is a little awkward for me to use because the buttons are on the back of the device.  Overall, I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend. She had always wanted a computer, but she has never had one that she liked. I've never been one to like computers, so I figured I'd give it a try. I was not impressed at all, even with a $100 gift card, I would never recommend this to a friend, and I would not buy it for myself. I found a few reviews that said the computer is fast, and they are not wrong. The processor is very good for the price, but it still seems like it could be better, and the graphics were not very good, I had to go to another site to find a good website to purchase the games that were on the site. Also the software was bad, the games I downloaded did not work, I called support and they said I have to go back and download them. They would not give me a refund. So I had my girlfriend buy another computer for her and it works great. I would recommend this product, if you like computers or just like games.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this to replace my old cell phone and I am happy with it. However, it is not as easy to use as my old one. I have to use the mouse to click on and off the functions of my phone. I also find it to be harder to use for the things I need to do on my phone like email, video chat and photos. I will not be buying another phone for a while. I would like to see the screen get brighter as well as better battery life. I'm looking forward to a good new phone.  My first wireless phone! ------------ Bought this to use with my PC as a phone. The keyboard is very nice and the features of the phone are really useful. The battery life is very good and the battery is the size of a credit card, which makes it a very small size, but that is not a problem. I had the battery life and phone working for almost 5 months and it still works just fine, even with heavy use. I am very happy with this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 weeks now and the only thing i can say is its a horrible device. i purchased this for a new project. but i found out that this device doesnt work very well with my new ipod. the ipod just barely fits in it. the speakers arent very loud at all and the sound quality is very low. i would never recommend this device to anyone. it just sucks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace a crappy old phone. The phone was in horrible shape. I decided to try this thing and I am very disappointed in the results.   1. It is VERY heavy and heavy duty. It has a big footprint that is very awkward to hold in one hand.   and I hate the fact that it has no volume controls. You have to hold the phone up to your ear or use your voice.   in short, I can't say it's worth the cost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's not a bad product. It's not even the worst device I've used in my life. It sucks. I was hoping that it would be better than it's predecessor. It isn't.  I bought this device to replace my old one because the original had a few problems. This one sucks. There are a few things you can do, but nothing has a real impact on the way the device works. I have to hold it in place while plugging it in to have any connection, so I have the original for that. I'd give it a 4.5 if I could. It really isn't a good product.  and  and   I love it...until it starts to suck.   So...I purchased the GX700 from Amazon about a month ago and I have been loving it ever since. The unit itself is small and has a decent amount of power and can charge two batteries simultaneously. The only problem is the sound that comes from the device. It is a high pitched noise. It happens once every 2-3 hours. I've never had a problem with any other device before so I don't know if it's just a design flaw or something else. If you have to listen to the sound every 2 hours that would be a problem. Also, there is a problem in that the sound gets worse with use. The first time I tried to charge my phone, I was able to charge it for about 4 hours, and then the sound would come on. I just bought another one of these and now it is starting to suck as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a month and im still waiting on the battery to die. Its horrible when the battery dies and your phone stops working. Its a shame to have to use this phone to make a living. I have had it for 4 months and i havent gotten to a point where its been more than 2-3 days without it being dead. I really wish it didnt work with Verizon. The only thing I have to say about this phone is that I dont know why Verizon is still selling it. Ive had the same issue with my phone for over a year. Its not worth it imo and its not worth the money they have to pay to keep it up to date with new software. Theres a reason why i have the Droid DNA 2. The price of this phone just doesnt make sense to me. I dont even care about the battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The new Samsung Note 8 is the best of the old Samsung Galaxy Note models. It's a fantastic device with great specs and a wonderful display. But it's not perfect. First, the screen isn't super bright. If you're like me and have dark or very dark eyes, it will be hard to read in direct sunlight. I found that on some bright days the screen was so dark I couldn't even see the display. I'm not the only one with this problem. There is also a slight lag in the camera software that makes taking a picture a bit difficult. I like the fact that Samsung has a built in S Pen that works really well, and it's pretty great at drawing on the screen. The only issue I had with the Note 8 was the charging port. It didn't seem to be quite as good as the other charging ports I've used in the past. I've had some issues with my other Samsung devices, so I didn't expect it to be this bad. It was so tight I couldn 't even insert it in the USB port and the phone would just sit there in the port, refusing to work. If that wasn't bad enough, it also wouldn't charge. It would charge fine with my Samsung charger, but the Note wouldn't work. I had to plug in a different charger to charge it. I also don't understand why the phone didn't have a microSD card slot. It seems like it's one of the things that makes a good device great, and I'm disappointed that it doesn't. I would say this phone is worth every penny, but I think you'd have to spend a bit more than the $1,000 to get the phone that's actually worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year. it works for about 6 months or so and then it randomly loses its charge. after that i cannot use it at all. so i had to buy another.   This is the third time i have bought this thing and have had the same problems.   The other two have had a battery that has died in the middle of the night.   of course i dont like paying for a gadget that is just sitting there. i hope i can make it work but ive lost hope.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  My wife wanted to know if it was worth it to purchase a digital watch, so she ordered one. When I received the watch, it was defective in that it was slow and didn't tell time. The display didn't work and the watch was slow. When she told me about the problem, I sent her an email. After about a week, she said she received an email that she could return the watch. I went back to the store, but she wouldn't accept the refund. After she told them I was going to return the item, she told us the store was closed and the phone was not working. I told her the problem wasn't with the watch and she couldn't give me a refund. She didn't want to return my money and she's not a good person.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is horrible. You can go for a few hours but then the screen just turns off. It's so annoying.  Also, the camera sucks.  No Review needed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this as an iphone and I have to say that the build quality is very poor.  This iphony is not made of iphonic plastic, but rather it is made of cheap and poorly constructed iphoney plastic.   I've never had any iphones   before, but after   my   iphono   is broke, I have no idea how to get   the iphonia   back  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "This device is junk and I won't be using it again."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a smarthome for 5 years and ive always had problems with it ive tried a lot of different brands of it but nothing works ive replaced everything and it still doesnt work so now i have to buy a new one which i wont be able to do ive also noticed a few other reviews with the same problem and this is the first one i've seen that isnt the original unit ive never had a problem before and the warranty is for 90 days which i was expecting but the original said to return within 10 days and this doesnt say anything about a new unit which i cant afford so i guess i am going to have to send it back ive read some other reviews and the ones with the problems seem to be a little more experienced ive got it from a friend and he got it working for about 2 weeks but now he says its not working and its been 5 days now so im hoping the original one wont have any problems ive done some research and iv heard about people having problems with the touch screen but i dont think the touchscreen is working properly ive heard the new one has a touch screen so hopefully it wont be too bad  Rated 1 out of 5 by Mab from This product is useless and does not work. The warranty has been voided after two months. This is not a review of the product, just an opinion of my experience. The screen is extremely difficult to use, it is also very large and heavy. It is also the first electronic device that I have owned that I had to completely disassemble to get to the buttons, this was a mistake on my part and I have since replaced it. I do not recommend this product at all.  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over a year now, it works but when it works it works like a charm and then one day it stops working. theres a small chip in the middle of the chip. it stops functioning and there is no way to replace it. the device doesnt seem like its broken or anything, but i have not been able to find anyone who has the same problem, so im pretty bummed out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first time I bought an electric shaver and it is awful.  It cuts very slowly and is hard to control, it does not get clean and the sharpest blades are not sharp enough.    I am going to be going back to my manual electric razor. Rated 1 out of 5 by mjd from Not what I expected, and I did not pay a premium price. I thought it would shave the hair off more quickly. It cuts it very slowly but not completely, and it leaves hair behind, and in the process the hair is coming out in clumps and the razor is dull.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was hard to set up and I had to reboot my router a few times but other than that, I like it.  The sound quality is really good and the only problem I have is that my computer doesn't recognize it so it has to be used with a PC.   Posted by Michael F. at 6:35 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an i-pad pro for a couple years now and it is by far the worst tablet i have ever used. I have bought 4 of these so far and each time they have failed and need replacing, and this one is no exception. The case for the tablet is made out of plastic and is made to look like a real hardcover book, but it falls apart after a couple days of regular use and makes a loud grinding noise when opened. It is a terrible, terrible product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  -A year later I have this as my primary device. The screen is not bright enough for a good screen reading. I have to read it on my phone. I am very happy with this purchase. -
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this a few weeks ago, but have only had it for a couple of days now. It was not very easy to install, and was very noisy. I had to take it apart to unplug it, and re-insert it. There are some issues with it, however, and I would not recommend it. I was using it with a desktop computer with a built in audio jack (the computer was connected via a DVI to VGA cable). There were audio issues with the sound card. I installed a second audio jack on the back of the device, but it is very loud. It is not like the audio quality is bad, it's just the volume is too high. This is not really a big deal, but I would have liked to hear the sound coming from the speakers more. It would also be nice if there were more buttons and controls. It's not that difficult to install if you do it right, but if you just use the instructions and don't take it to a tech, it will probably take you about a day and a half. The device is pretty heavy (like a computer), and I was afraid it would take up too much space on the desk, but the device does not take up much space at all. I bought it in black, and it is pretty nice looking, but a bit pricey. Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase, and am going to keep it, but would not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the v6 for a couple years now, it is a great device and the screen is very clear. but the buttons are just not nice to press and they make the device feel cheap. i use my v6 everyday and my last 2 were faulty. i would recommend the v7 if you like a nice sleek device. but if your only going to have one because you have a small screen you probably won't be happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this several times and have always been happy with it. However i recently bought a new phone so i didnt really have any need for a phone charger. I had this one lying around and decided to put it to use. It does a good job but i wish i had bought a more powerful charger instead of this one. I will try to find a charger that does a better job, but the only thing i really hate about this is the fact that its designed to be attached to the wall. If it were made to be easily detachable i would have given this 5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my old laptop for 3 yrs. It was the most terrible laptop i ever had. It didnt run like the new one does. It ran like a 2 yr old. And i was a very slow typist. I tried my first linux distro on the same laptop, and it was terrible. I returned it and got the windows version. I didnt even use it for 3 weeks, and now i have 2 mac computers. The only way to fix it is to buy a new computer. This one is not a computer, it is a glorified usb thumb drive. I have had to reinstall everything on this thing. I will be returning it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by BillG from This thing works and looks good. The power is on, but it doesnt seem to be working. My machine is not getting a signal and the battery is dead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I received my "Pleco" and it took a while to get it working. The first time I tried to connect to my car's radio and it just wouldn't talk. The second time I connected and the radio started to work. I have had it for a month and it is still not working. My husband has an iPhone 6 and the only problem he has had is that he can't connect to his iPhone. I would not recommend this product to anyone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been looking for a good, cheap, easy-to-use, small (under 2"x2") Bluetooth headset for a while now.  The iCUBE is one of those things.   I've never had a bad one, but it's certainly got a few things that make it feel like it might break after a few uses.  It has two very big buttons on the top that are the only two buttons on this thing.  The headset itself is a bit big for a headphone, so the ear cups are a bit large and heavy.  I don't really like the shape of the headset.  If you're looking for something that's more "open" than "closed" I'd recommend going with the iBoom. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for about 3 months now. It has been very difficult to set up and the instructions are very difficult for anyone who has never worked with electronics. When you are setting it up the device will say "Please insert the batteries in the correct locations. If you insert the wrong batteries in, your device will not charge. The battery's have been dead for months now." I have tried using the USB charger that came with the device to no avail. I have spent more money on replacement batteries than this device has cost me. The device is extremely noisy and has a terrible user interface. I am so frustrated I have bought a different brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a nice little gadget, but it's really expensive and only good if you want to buy a bunch of different things.   Pros:  + The price is good.  - The device is small and light and very easy to carry.  of course I got the 2-in-1 version.   that means a nice light, but no extra power.             
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 2 months now and its really annoying when the battery dies, i would rather have a charger that didnt charge when i didnt put the device in, ive even had to use a micro usb cable for the battery and charger since they dont charge on the micro usb port. it also gets really hot to use it, but thats what you get with the new android os,  this product should be replaced with something better. i hope to never have to use this again, but i will use it until i run out of battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s works very well until the battery dies, I bought a new one with new batteries and it worked great. The sound quality is good and it looks great and it has a great battery life. I highly recommend this product.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this to replace my old Dell laptop. The display was very poor, especially with the glare off the screen. It was also very slow, especially on my older model. I ended up using it as a TV remote. The keypad had no buttons, and was too big for the little fingers of my right hand. The speakers were very loud, but they were not much louder than the laptop speakers. I had to crank them up to be heard. The keyboard is very cheap, with the most annoying keys being the arrow keys. The trackpad was very good, except for the fact that it was very small. I found the trackpad buttons to be very difficult to press and they would register presses that didn't happen. I don't know if that was an issue with the laptop or with this particular laptop. I did not like the way the keyboard felt, it was not very comfortable, even with the backlight turned on. I was very disappointed with this purchase. I will be buying a Dell XPS or an Apple computer instead.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best portable device! I have two of these. They are super lightweight and super portable. The size of the phone is perfect for me. I use this for work but it's perfect for home use as well. I love the touch screen. It's super easy to use and the sound quality is awesome! This is my new favorite phone. I also have an android tablet but I just never use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this monitor about 2 weeks ago and it's been a total disaster. The image quality is horrible, I've seen a lot of good reviews but mine is worse than any other monitor I have seen. The colors are just flat and washed out. I've tried to make it look better but it's not worth the money. The picture is a mess and it doesn't even have a good stand for it. I have tried several cables to no avail. It's so bad that I'm having a hard time recommending this product. I would rather have gotten a better product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have this for 3 days now and so far the issues I have have been a little more minor than I expected, but if you have an older laptop or something that is prone to freezing and not responding well to touch I wouldn't buy it, but for the price it is good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a couple of these over the years but everytime i get one it gets lost. the last one i got was lost on the way to a show and the guy at the desk said he had to go pick it up and never got it back to me. i bought the 2nd one at the concert venue and he was the one that took it off my hands. i got the same problem with it again and i got a refund. I'm not sure why they keep using this name. I am going to call my credit card company about this as i dont like the idea of these kind of service providers having a bad rep.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a little over a month now and i havent had a single problem. the only thing that has been a problem is that the battery isnt very good, but that wasnt a problem when i got it because it only lasted 3 hours of heavy use. theres a trick to turning the light off, when you press the power button it comes on but you can turn it off by pressing the side switch. i like this more than the original i got because i can now take it with me everywhere. the sound is better than i thought it would be but that could just be because of how i got the device. the best thing is the fact that the only other thing you have to do is plug it into a usb port to start it up and it comes back on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this for about 2 months. I've tried to put the battery in and it wouldn't stay in place. So I had to take it back. The case was good, it worked as intended. But the battery wasn't good. I can't use it. I bought this for the fact that it's easy to set up. I do like the fact the battery doesn't have to be replaced so often. I am glad I bought it but I don't recommend this for people who don't want to break the bank to get a good quality product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JZD from Great product, easy to use and use it! I have had this unit for about 3 months now and I'm very happy with it. The design is nice and the features are simple to use. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good compact portable unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************************** ************************* ******************** ********************* ****************** ************ ***************** ************** This is my second Sony PS3. The first was a great piece of kit but a bit too expensive. The second one I have been unable to get to work. It has a good spec but the PS3 is too big and heavy to fit in the small box that comes with it. The controller is also very flimsy and the buttons are too small for my taste. I have the console hooked up to a television and am using it to play a bit of Borderlands 2 but it's so small and bulky it doesn't fit at all in the living room. ******************* ****** ******** ********* ****** ******  Rated 4 out of 5 by Chris from Great Product for the price. I bought this item to use on my XBox 360. I really like the controller. It's a good size, has decent weight, feels great to play with. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because of the battery life. It doesn't last more than 4 hours of continuous play. If you are playing games that are longer than that then it's not a big deal. But for the most part, the battery doesn't hold up. I would recommend this to anyone who has a XBox, or a ps3.  Customer Service  There are many factors that affect the quality of a product. One of these is customer service. In this case, the customer service on this item was very good. I called to see if they could fix a problem I had with the controller and they took the time to talk to me and make sure everything was alright before giving me a refund.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've owned this device for a couple of months now, and I can say that the first day I plugged it in I got a little worried that it wouldn't work. The first time I tried to charge it with the wall adapter, I got the "battery is full" message, so I knew that the device was too powerful for the small micro usb connector. The second time I plugged in the USB charger, the light came on and it started to run. It also worked fine on a PC, and it was very easy to install on the wall outlet. The only problem I had was when I connected the battery to my PC to run some applications. It wouldn't charge the battery, so when I tried it again on my Mac it wouldn`t recognize the device. The device was really quiet, so it took a while for me to notice, but I finally figured out that the USB cable that came with it was the wrong size. The other problem is that the micro usb cable I purchased from amazon.com was too long. I had to tape the micro USB connector in place and bend the wires in order to get it to fit. The good thing is that you can remove the battery from the device with the included magnetic charger. Overall, this device is a good choice, if you want a small portable charging station that doesn't use a wall outlet and it doesn't run hot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had one of these, and it worked ok but the sound was horrible and I was unable to play it with a computer at all because the computer would not recognize it. The only thing that kept it from being a complete failure was that it had a decent battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I was so happy to find this, the first time I've been able to use a pen in a long time. I've never been able write a letter on the back of a book and this pen is a perfect match. It's made of soft rubber and it's perfect for writing notes, drawing, or even drawing a heart or something. The pen comes with a rubber eraser which works great. My only complaint is that the eraser was a little scratchy after a few uses, but after I polished the erasers a little bit with a paper towel, the scratchiness disappeared. I would definitely recommend this pen to anyone who's ever used a pen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! - It's a bad product and if you buy this you're going to regret it - the sound is terrible - the device was easy to use but if you don't care for the sound it can't help you - the remote was difficult to use and you have to use your fingers - The sound is ok but I'm sure it would be better if they used the latest technology for the remote - the battery life is so bad it doesn't last more than 3-4 hours at a time - I will probably not buy another electronic device for a while - I'm pretty sure this product is bad and I won't be buying another one
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6 is a disappointment  This is the 6th i phone. I have owned the iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, 5s plus, 5c plus, and 5s. The iPhone 6 is not a good device. The display is very dim and the battery life is horrible. The screen does not get bright enough to be a good use for an all day use. The camera is horrible, the sound is terrible, and the processor is very slow and not reliable. There are better all around devices.  I purchased the iPhone 6s from apple store and the customer service was horrible. I had to go to another store to get my order. ..  Rated 5 out of 5 by Rhett from Love it so far! I am very happy with the design of this phone and the speed of getting it to me. I use my phone for both work and personal use. I like that it is very slim and lightweight and that it has a fingerprint scanner on the back which works very well. It is also very slim with very little thickness to the back. It also comes with a USB cable that I can use with my iPad for music and videos and it has also a headphone jack which I use with a bluetooth headset.  and yes, its plastic and its not the prettiest phone. But it has great performance and I like it so much I will continue to use it  Great phone for the price. I purchased this phone in the past when I was trying to get a new iphones that cost a bit more. I did not want to break the bank so I went with the iPhone6s Plus because I knew I could use the iphonspeed software and they are both good phones. I can easily tell the difference between this and the ipod6s. If you are in the market for a new phone this is a great one to consider.  to get the best out of this device, you should get an external battery to use with the ipod6.  the phone is very bright and clear. I love the fingerprint scanner! The display looks very good and the phone's battery life seems very good. I've used this phone on my daily commute for the past 4 days. I got the ilegal phone from walmart.com for $79 and I'm saving up for an iphon.  is very nice  Good phone for all day battery life  great phone
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an awful product. It took forever to set up, took forever for the display to show up, and now the battery is dead. It doesn't charge when it is supposed to, and after about an hour of use the display is totally blank. I am using this as a way to watch TV without a remote. It is a very good remote, but it is hard to use and is too big. I do like the idea of a larger remote, and the remote does have an option for a remote with a remote controller. It should have been able to display a picture of the controller instead of just a remote button. 5/5 for the price, 5/5 otherwise:    I bought this for $25.00. I really wanted to like it, but I had a tough time with the first two sets of instructions. I had to use a magnet to pull the two halves apart. It works, but the instructions were not very clear. It's a nice, nice device, and I'm glad I bought it. It takes a little practice to use, but once you get the hang of it, it's a good remote for the money. It does not charge, but that's not a big deal because you only use it to watch the TV. I was able to set it up on a rainy day in just a few minutes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This was my first purchase from this company, and I was very excited about the idea of an all-in-one music player. However, it did not live up to my expectations, and it left a lot to be desired. I bought this as a gift for my wife for Christmas, and she thought it was a good idea. She played the player a few times, and found it very easy to use, with a good built in CD player, a good speakers, and a decent microphone. Unfortunately, it was difficult to set up. I had to call customer service twice to have it do what I wanted it to do, and once I called they couldn't help me, so I sent it back to be fixed. The only good thing is the sound quality is very good. It's not amazing, but it's good. I'm not very knowledgeable about music, so this was more of a learning experience for me. I will definitely not be buying another one from this brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this device and I am very disappointed.  It took me over 20 minutes to figure out how to use the unit to connect to my router and then to change the password to gain full access to my network.    I have had several other routers that work perfectly and I'm not happy to have to buy another one.  I bought this product because I was having problems with my network and I wanted to use my new router.  I received this device in the mail today and I was very surprised to find that the remote is made out of plastic.  The remote works great, but it is too small for my hand.  There is a little tab on the back of the remote that holds it to my wrist, but I find it awkward to use.  After I had the remote set up, I had no problem connecting it to the router. I was able to log in and change the router's password.  Unfortunately, my password didn't change.  When I tried to reset the password, I found out that my router's IP address had changed from 192.168.1.1 to 192.169.1, and I would have to reset my password again.  This device does not have any settings on the remote for changing the router password. So if someone were to change my router IP address, I would not be able to reset it.  Another issue I had with this device was the remote does not recognize my mouse and keyboard.  So when I tried using the remote to change settings, I couldn't do it. So it seems to be a really nice device but it's a shame that it is made of plastic and doesn't have any buttons or features that will make it more user friendly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this item because my husband used it and liked it. He is very disappointed in the product. He does not know how to use it. The cord is too long for the unit and the batteries are not good quality. I have purchased several items from Walmart and this is the worst I have ever seen or heard. I am not sure what happened, but I am going to have to return it.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and i found them to be a very bad choice, the first time i used one, the battery fell out and i didnt notice until i was a few weeks later, when i finally noticed it, it was a little more than a week before the battery blew. the second time, i bought another one, but it lasted only a few days, it still doesnt work. the battery life on the original was also quite short. this isnt a bad device if you dont plan to use it for very long.  Style of Music: Funk and Rock  Quality of Sound: Funky  Price: $80  Replay Value: Meh  What I like: Great looks and great sound  what I dont like: Not much power, and the case is pretty hard to remove to change the batteries, but hey, who needs a case when you have a really good sound system?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I got this for my son who was trying to learn to read and was having a hard time with this thing. It was the first electronic device he had ever used. The instructions were very clear. I was not able to find a single flaw in the device and I am now about to buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to admit, I had never heard of this brand before I bought this one. After getting the device, it felt good. The only problem was that it didn't come with a cord. I ended up buying a 2m extension cord from the store. I don't like having to pay $20 for a good extension cord. It could have been a better device but still, I would buy it again. I've been using this for over a year and I can honestly say it's the best device I have ever used. I've never had a problem with the device being defective. This is a great product and I would highly recommend it to anyone that wants a quality product that is built like a tank.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I noticed when I opened the box was the strange smell. This is not the kind of smell you'd expect from a computer mouse. The mouse itself has a plastic top and is very heavy, which doesn't make for a comfortable grip. It's not the best-feeling mouse either, but it does the job of moving my fingers. The only problem I have with the mouse is the clicker. It doesn't have a spring, so it is not a clicker with spring, but if you don't like clicks, this is probably a good mouse for you. Rated 3 out of 5 by Tofan from The mouse was a disappointment I am using this for about 2 months now. The first day I used it the clicking and responsiveness was so-so. The second day I got the feedback and now it clicks like crazy. The design is great but it seems to be missing something. If I could give it 4 stars I would but I'm stuck with this mouse for now.  Rated 5 out of 10 by Gfj from Great mouse. I have used the mouse for 2 years and it still works great and is just as easy to use as the last one. I also have had great success with this brand of mice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the moto z2 for a while now and i really love it but ive tried every gsm radio i could find and this one is the best ive found so far and the best price too ive bought from the google store ive seen a lot of bad reviews on the mopeds but im very pleased ive been using this phone for a few months now and it is still a top 5 best phone ive ever had  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing has a weird and annoying beep-beep-boom-beeping sound whenever I try to connect to the wireless network.  It's annoying as hell.    I'm not sure why this thing won't work.  You have to set it up and use it for a few minutes before you know if you like it.  I can only imagine the problems that will come up when you use it.   The bottom line is that this is an inexpensive wireless router that does a decent job at its job.  This isn't a $40 router.  It is a $25 router that should work for a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple years now and i am very dissapointed in this product. First off the screen isnt bright enough for me. Secondly, it was very difficult to charge it. I have to plug the charger in twice before it starts charging. The phone is very sensitive and will overheat very easily if you let it sit. Lastly, it's a waste of money because the phone itself is very good. It is very small and slim and very well made. It even has a nice camera. So, i guess the main problem is that the screen doesnt do what it is suppose to. I give this phone 3 stars instead of 5.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 28, 2012  Good for what I need  by James from New York City, NY USA  Pros: Small and light. Battery lasts a long time. ,  Cons: Screen needs to be brighter  Review: I'm an IT guy with a job that requires me to use my smartphone frequently. My phone was dying every month or so. So I was a little concerned with the purchase. I am happy with the phone and would buy it again. I used it for a few months and noticed that the battery would get low in 2-3 days. So with that being said I purchased a replacement battery. It lasted me 3 weeks. The only thing I don't like about it is that it is very hot to hold and the battery is a bit small. .  the phone has the most amazing camera on the market, the only thing that can beat it is the best android device ever made, however that would be a tough battle to beat. the screen and camera are very good for a $200 phone. I would recommend this phone if you like your phone to be small and light but the best. -James  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv8Z6-wF8bQ  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Mark  5  Reviewed by:from South Bend, IN on 5/23/2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost a year and it's still a flakey, slow moving, non-responsive device. i have to hold it on a screw to make it move and i can't hold it steady on my finger, i just can't move it, and the buttons dont work at all.  Rated 4 out of 5 by TK from Great product This is a great product for the price. I like the fact that you can add your own button to control the volume, you can even connect the light. I just wish it was a little bigger in the center of the box, but the good is that you get a lot of features with the unit. . I bought this for my home theater and it has been working great so far. I can use the wireless remote to turn the sound down and the wireless connection to my tv is very clear and crisp.  a little heavy on the battery but that's why i paid more, and with the wireless and the remote, its worth the cost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have had my laptop for almost 5 years. I love my computer and its good battery life. I had the issue with the touch pad and when it was working fine I tried to touch my computer to my bedside table and my screen started to go blank. I contacted the computer store and the person that helped me told me to use the laptop charger to recharge the batteries and I have the charger and its working. I do not understand how it worked when the computer worked fine but now it will not charge my laptop. I just wish that I would have waited a few more years to buy it so I could buy a newer model. I am going to contact Microsoft and see if they can give me a refund for the defective unit. ---------------------------  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I just bought a Sony Vaio that has a problem. It keeps blowing out all the batteries. I have a Sony digital camera, and it also has a similar problem. What are they going to do, get rid of them all?"   Was this review helpful? Yes No  Was it helpful?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you buy a cheapo digital camera to take pictures of people, and then have to lug it around, it will break a lot.  The shutter and the lens are not made very well, the camera has a terrible LCD, and the auto focus is horrible. _____________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! This is my first and last purchase of this company. I am an electrical engineer and this is a joke. I have a small office and I am going to have to have someone come to my house. I ordered the item online and when I received the item it was completely unusable. It would not power up. It was completely burned up in the box. I would not buy this item again. I had to call my cable provider to have them check my account. They told me to call back with my return code and send a return shipping label.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this device for a friend's birthday. It arrived on time, and the delivery guy was very helpful and polite. I didn't find a single fault with the device. However, after a couple of days of use, the device started randomly freezing and would not function. After a few more days, the fan was no longer spinning. The device also has a bad smell, so I'm not sure if the unit is defective or just that it was in a bad neighborhood. I did give the unit five stars for the delivery experience and friendly service. --------------- (1/1/2017) I just received my LG LGD820A. The LGD 820A works as expected and looks and works great. I have used it for a couple weeks now and it has performed well. The only thing I noticed was that the backlight on the back of the unit would flicker constantly. When it does, it is very noticeable. I am happy to say that after I contacted LG I was given a replacement unit and that has resolved the problem. I will definitely be purchasing a replacement from LG.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I had this monitor for about 2 years and it was pretty good. Now it does not work and I can't get it fixed. The screen has started to go bad and there is no way I can get it back to working. There are no replacements and I am stuck with it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Jjh13 from It is not working! It is working fine as a TV/Monitor, but the TV is not displaying anything. The image is distorted and the picture is not clear. . ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love this thing but it gets a little sticky.  The adhesive on the back is great, but the adhesive on top of it is awful.    It sticks to anything it touches.  I have tried many types of adhesive and they all fail to stick to anything.  It's not the adhesive that makes the purchase bad.  The thing is too small.  There's no need for a computer like this if you are a small business owner. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this phone for over 2 years now. its good if youre on the go and can't afford a big fancy phone. i get up to about 50% battery usage everyday and never need a charger. i've had it with the 2gb micro sd and 4gb sd card but the 4gb card is better in every way. i also own the t3 so the specs and features of the t2 are the same and better in some ways. if i was to buy a new one again its probably the t5, but since i have the t4 i just got the t6 and i'm very satisfied with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ I have a Panasonic DMC-GX8 and it was bought in October 2013. I have been using it for about a year. In the first month it got very hot and it is always running when I plug it in. The problem is the power button is located on the side of the device and it does not work with the side cover. I took the side covers off and then put them back on, then put it back together. It works fine now. I do not know what happened to the battery.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device. : ______________ The AVID PXV1000B is the best device ever made for a home entertainment system. The design is so elegant, and the performance is so fast and powerful. This is the most powerful PC I've ever owned, and it can be run on batteries, solar, or by a 9 volt AC adapter. The only problem is that I have to plug the device in every time I turn it on. It is so loud, and so fast. It will not fit in any other device, so you have to get a power strip or power supply to run it. I bought this one because of the price and the fact that it comes with a full power cable (for charging). The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of a couple minor complaints: 1) When you turn it off, the battery light goes out. This happens occasionally. 2) I noticed that if you press the power buttons at the same time, the lights do not change. 3) The AC adapter is really flimsy and you have a hard time getting it to hold a 9 Volt. But that is only a minor issue.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was excited to get this. When I first saw it on the shelf I was hoping that it would work but I was disappointed.   The power supply cord is so small and I can't seem to get it to work.  I have also tried several different outlets and power strips and the one in this unit is the worst. It's too short and the power cord seems like it was meant for a power strip.  Also, I wish the screen was a bit smaller but it's the only electronic device I have with a screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is a good electronic device, however there are no settings for sound on my device. I have bought another one and will give it a second chance. Rating:   Overall a good device and worth the price. I am happy with the product and recommend to anyone. Thank you,  P.D. I was looking for a high quality remote to use with my iphone but could not find one. I decided to buy this and I am so glad I did. It was very easy to install and was very clear on what to do. The instructions were easy to understand and did not give me any questions. I had a difficult time getting the buttons to register on the remote but after a few tries I finally got it working. The remote is great for the price and I plan on buying more for my other electronics. Review:  My remote is in the closet and I don't have to mess with cables or get into my room to change the batteries. It is easy to plug into my car's cigarette lighter cord. The only thing I wish was different is that the battery life is not listed but it seems to last a good 5 hours or so. Other than that it's a great remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********  This was the worst product ever. It's like having a phone that was never upgraded. It does not charge properly and has no way to call someone to fix it. The phone will not hold a charge and the batteries are starting to go bad. It should be an upgrade from this junk. *****  and no one will help me with this problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     This thing was terrible. It was an absolute nightmare to install and even more difficult to get going. First of all, the box was a bit old looking and it was difficult to see how much cable went into it. Secondly, the buttons were very small and the screen was almost useless. I had to put the battery on the charger and then plug it in to see anything. Finally, the only reason I gave this thing 3 stars is that I had trouble finding the USB port to plug it into. It took me a while to find the right one but eventually I did.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a nintendo system for 5 years and the controller is very stiff and the buttons are very hard to press and the sound is horrible. it is a very cheap device, and it sucks. i had to get a new one for my son because he had a very bad experience with the nintendo. i would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for two years and it has been my primary pc for all of my work needs for the last two years. i was so excited when i first saw the apple logo and the word apple on the box and it said apple brand but i cant say i was disappointed. ive tried a lot of new brands but when i bought this i knew i would be happy. i didnt have any issues with the apple box or the box quality, so i knew im going to be good with this. but the apple tv software hasnt been able to connect to my tv which i think is the problem. IVE tried every software program out there but nothing works. i dont know what to do. my apple box is brand new and has had no issues. i have called apple twice and have been told there is nothing they can do to fix it but i will give them the benefit of the doubt and maybe they can fix it. the tv itself is fine. i couldnt even tell you what the colors of the tv was like but it worked. i love it so far. i hope my experience will help others who are having the same problem. i know i will be buying from apple for the foreseeable future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 2 years. i just bought it yesterday. i am very unhappy with it. it has no internal speakers, and i cant get a good sound out of it. the thing is so noisy, the speakers are very low. i had to buy a new one. i wish it had speakers, but that's it. i will never buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this a lot for my laptop but the buttons are hard to use and the screen is always out of focus.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a couple of the new mxr's since they came out and it is a great piece of kit. i have to say though, that the usb plug is not the right size. it will not fit in the mx r. it seems to be the same plug but in a different size and shape. it is just a pain trying to use the usb port. it also seems like they will break at any time. I am hoping for a new mrx r soon so i can use this in the car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have bought a few of these and I just found that they don't work as expected at all. I have an iMac that has been working flawlessly for years. It took me 2 days to get it to work on this one. I would not recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing was terrible. I wanted to be sure that my phone was working properly before I used it, so I used my trusty iPhone 4, and it worked just fine, so, I thought, why not the iPad? Well, the iPad works, but it is a pain to set up, and you have to be very careful when you turn it on, since the power button is not recessed. And the iPad only lasts a few days, because the battery is so small that you have only 2 hours of juice. The iPad is also slow. It takes about 4 minutes to get from "sleep" to "wake" when the screen is off. I think this is because the iPad is so slow, and I am so used to the iPhone 4. Also, the screen turns on by itself, and the device is very sensitive to the way it is held. The thing is so stiff that if you hold it in your left hand, and tap it with your right hand, it will automatically go into "sleep mode". But it is very annoying because the screen goes off, and then it starts up again. Posted by M.E. at 1:38 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  -It's too noisy and doesn't work well  The sound is bad and the microphone doesn't fit well  the light is a little bright too   The light is too bright  It's better than the other light that was for sale at a store a couple of blocks away   It has a weird and heavy feel  I have a lot of things to remember but not this one   I was trying to get the light to turn on when the battery started to drain, so I switched the battery on the side of the light. It worked fine but it was very difficult to turn the light off with the battery still charged. The battery didn't last long. The light doesn't come on when it's supposed to and the battery light doesn,t work.  Great light. Works great.  the battery doesn't last a long time and the light isn't bright enough to see where you are. . ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! This phone is a complete joke. I bought it because I wanted to get a good phone for my wife. The phone itself is very nice. It has nice screen, and the phone is very easy to use. The only problem is the fact that it does not come with a USB cable. The USB port is on the back of the phone. I had to buy a USB to USB cable from Best Buy. If I would have bought this phone from Best buy, I would be happy with it. But if I had bought this from Best-Buy, I definitely would not be using it to this day. I was so disappointed with this purchase. I would recommend this to people who want a good and cheap phone, but do not want to get anything that will cost you a lot to repair.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using this thing for about a year now. It is a great idea, but the problems with it are overwhelming.   It comes with a USB charging cable.  It is supposed to charge your phone from it.  When it has to be plugged into a USB port to charge, the usb cable is so short that it can't even reach the other end.  You have to unplug the usb plug and plug it back into the phone to charge.  The thing only has 1 USB port, so you need to buy 2 or more of them.  I am using it with my HTC Droid Incredible, and the Droid Incredible is not too hot.  If I have to charge it from a USB outlet or other source, it takes longer.  Not only is it hard to charge my phone, but it is hard to keep it in a case because the charging cable is a pain to use.  So for $20, why don't you go with the Droid X instead of this thing?    More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because of the hype surrounding it, but unfortunately it doesn't live up to the hype. It takes too long to charge, and it doesn,t charge fast enough to use on the go. It charges up in about an hour, but I have to go into a car charger to charge it back up. The other problems with it are that it doesn' t have a USB port, so you have to plug it into your computer, and you have no headphone jack. If you're just looking to use it to charge your phone, that' s fine. But if you're serious about your mobile, you should probably look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as an upgrade from the iPod Touch. It was a perfect upgrade but not worth the $100+ I spent. The speakers are good but the volume control is hard to use and I cannot get the sound level above the low setting. The volume control has to be turned off to go back to normal. I also did not like the way the light looked and felt when the device was plugged into my computer. The light glows bright blue, so it is a bit difficult to use in a dark room.   Also, there are no clear directions. I did not realize the device had to be placed on the computer for it to recognize the device. The manual does not even tell you that it has to go on your computer. So I just plugged it in to my computer and did not notice any errors. It recognized the device immediately but then I had to unplug the device to turn it back on. I then had to turn off my computer to turn the device back on again. I had hoped the device would work but I have now given up on the device for my iPod. I will probably never buy another Apple product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iphone 4s is just a bad iphones iphonenumber.  I've had it since it came out and it's been broken a bunch.  I'm very disappointed in Apple.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ 1) I purchased this for my daughter to use as a digital timer for her day planner. When I got it, I thought it was great, but when I put it on, the digital timer did not work at all. When you press the start button, it only makes a beep sound and then shuts off. I had to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible computer. I bought it because I needed something to help me write and it was supposed to come with a mouse. I didn't realize that it doesn't have a mouse, and I don't know how you would even get a cursor on a computer screen. My computer was very fast but then I realized I couldn't use it with my hands and I was stuck writing with the cursor. I had to purchase another mouse and I bought another computer. If I wanted to type this, I would have bought a laptop. The computer is very loud and if I tried to use my ears to concentrate on typing, it was extremely loud. It's a horrible computer and I hate the fact that I spent so much money on it. It takes a very long time to load a game and when it does, the loading screen is so slow and doesn't let me type. I would rather spend my money on a mouse and keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for over a year now, and after a few hours of using it, it starts smoking. I bought a replacement but i have been using my old one for over 8 years. i guess the batteries are getting bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 2 years now. it does not even work. i bought a new sony vita and it works much better. i have the best experience ever with ebay.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for a while now. its ok for the price but the sound is bad, the buttons get stuck at times, and the buttons arent removable so you have to constantly move it around to turn it on or off. also the micro usb port is only on the bottom side, so if you plug it in to the computer and plug the usb cable into the top then it won't work because it won t be on the usb port and you cant just plug the computer in with the usb out and have the micro to USB adapter.   this was my first purchase from amazon, and i will not be buying anything from them again.  ,  Johannes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! The price for this product is too high. I would not buy this device again. It does not work as advertised. It is not a good deal and I would recommend you stay away from this item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ The new Samsung I7 is a very well made device. I was hoping to have a better experience with this device. Instead, I have a really bad experience. The first problem was when the phone would randomly go into sleep mode. After the first time, I had to reset it. It did it again a few days later, so I did that. Then it would randomly power up and then shut down. This is a really annoying problem, because I have to use my laptop for work and I just want to get my work done. It also makes me wonder why Samsung didn't add a USB port on the side of the device, instead of the front. The battery life on the device is horrible. I have tried to do things like write on my iPhone but it takes so long, and I can't even get my phone back in a dock. I'm going to be looking for another Samsung phone, because this is not worth it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Jb from Poor build quality I've had the phone for a month. It's not a good quality phone at all. The phone looks like a cheap knockoff and is not good at all for everyday use. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 3 months now and i'm still getting calls for no reason. the service is crap and the battery lasts like 10 days. it is the most worthless phone i have ever owned. i wish i never got it. it's the same old crap and i have to pay a lot for it too. i have an iphone but it doesn't compare.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a lot of cheap gps units, and this one was the worst i've ever had. its not even a decent unit, and i've tried a ton of them. I'm going to return it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: gps-world
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year now. it works fine when its plugged into the wall. i had a problem the first month. my phone was dying, my car battery died. so i decided to change my computer, but the screen was too dark. so my husband bought this one, because he was worried it would work. but it's a joke, not worth the money, its just a bad computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a few years and it finally broke. i use it for watching tv and its very good. it doesnt get hot and its not loud but theres no point in having an iphone if you cant charge it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good but not great I bought this to replace an ipod that had stopped working. I like the quality of the sound, and the size of the battery. However, the battery life is horrible. I bought a new iphono to replace it, but that doesn't have a headphone jack and doesn't work.  is this product really worth $200?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this device in the hopes that I could use it to watch tv. The device came as advertised, but the tv it came with wasn't very good quality. I would like to see a more professional looking tv. I have tried to use it for many different shows, but there is a problem with it, it's a little hard to use for a remote control.  The remote controls on the other hand work perfectly, I don't know if I should have been more careful in ordering it.  If you are looking for a good remote control for this, you should check out the Roku and XBox 360 (Roku and Xbox 360 - I'm sorry, but you are going to pay a lot more for the better quality, but if you are in the market for a simple and easy to use device that you can use for watching tv and streaming movies, this is it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a $70 wireless router from Best Buy in the summer of 2011. The problem with the router is that it's terrible. It was advertised as being able to connect to the internet via a 2.4Ghz router, but the router would not even recognize the router I had plugged in. The second problem was that it would not turn on at all if I did not plug in my laptop at night. I called Best Buy and they told me that they no longer make the router, and that I could not return it because I didn't pay for the item. I bought it anyway, and then the router started having problems. I finally had to return it, and was told that the problem had been solved and the item was not defective. I tried again, and this time, the router finally worked, but it was very slow, and very laggy. I had to call Best Buy back, and they said that they were sorry about the inconvenience, and gave me a credit. However, they still didn't return the item, and the router still has not been returned to me. I'm not sure if the router was defective, or Best Buy had a defect with it. If it's the latter, then they should have fixed the router before selling it, so that the people who were happy with it would be happy with their purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great, but cheap, digital clock.  I have one of these clocks in my office and it works very well.    It has an LED display and a very cool analog sound.  My only complaint is that the sound on it is very distorted.  I can not say anything about the product itself.  The only thing I can say is that this is the first product that I have bought that has had a defect. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s is an absolute waste of money. It's really only useful for reading texts, watching videos, surfing the web, playing games and listening to music. The only things you can do on it are the apps, i dont use them much, but i still get the occasional notification on the phone, but that's about it. If you can get a good android device, get a tablet, but dont get an iphoni 4s. The iphonos is the real deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________________  "I'm having a lot of trouble with my iPod. I've tried different headphones, but they don't sound good with it. When I plug my iPod into the dock, the sound is just muffled and the music is choppy and grainy. The iPod has no problems with my Sonos speakers, but my Bluetooth headphones have a lot more bass and detail. I tried this product, and it does not work."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- After having been a customer of the Samsung Galaxy S III for a few months, I am very disappointed with the battery life. I've owned the Galaxy S II and the Galaxy Note and both were very good in their own right. However, the battery in the S III has a horrible performance in general. My wife is very picky and very pickier, but I was very happy to have the S3 for the battery. But I'm very unhappy now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I have a good idea where the hell I've been.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the A5 for the sole purpose of being able to write in my pocket while on the move and the battery life is not what I expected. The battery lasts about 2 hours, which is about what I expect. The touch screen is very unreliable and the screen on my iphone 3g is much more stable than the screen of the A3. I am extremely disappointed and I will not be purchasing another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ This product is NOT as good as the $400+ other electronic gadgets i have. I have had this one for 2 weeks and it has not worked a single time. I called and they sent me another one. But I had to return the first one because it had problems. I would never buy a product like this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this product as a gift for my son. The unit worked great at first but a month later it stopped working. It would reset itself without any help from the unit. The manufacturer was very quick to respond and send a replacement. But I can't use it anymore as I don't know what I did wrong. I just don't get it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------The price is a bit expensive and there is a risk with a bad device (like a dead battery) but I bought this as a gift for a family member who works with computers and she loves it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have used this to control my vacuum cleaner. The only thing I would recommend is to add a little time to the charge cycle of this thing. I charge the battery once a day and it takes about 2-3 hours to fully charge. If I am trying to use the vacuum with the door open, I have to turn the vacuum up to get it to work, but if I have it closed, I do not have to get the vacuum so high to get any vacuum work to work. I would suggest that this thing would be better if you were able to select a time interval. The first thing I did was turn the battery on, let it charge, then let the battery go down to 30% and it took me about 30 minutes to get to a vacuum setting. So I am going to get a timer and get a little help. I will keep buying these for the next time I need to do a job around the house or garage.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a new iPad and it didn't work on my iphone 5.  My son had been trying to get it to work on his iphones 4 and he gave up on that.  and I didn't want to be stuck with a iphon 5  The iPad worked fine on my 4 and my 3.   But the iphons 5 just didn't recognize it and kept crashing.  I called apple and they said they couldn't help me as it was an Apple device and was not an ipod. I then contacted my credit card company and they told me to take it back and they would refund it to me.  .  - - - - If you are going to buy this tablet then don't get an iphona 5 as its just not worth the money. I have been buying ipads for years and the ips don't work so when my son told me that he wanted an ips then I decided to give this one a try. I picked up a new ipad pro and I'm very happy with it. The only thing is that I really wish the ipad pro was a bit smaller so that it would fit my ipod and not my ips 5.  I've only had the ids for a few days but I've been very happy and I plan to keep my ids.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's really loud.  I had to turn the volume down a lot to be able to listen to music on it.    I wish the battery life was better.  I don't like the fact that it's so loud when it's turned on.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Raul from Love it. I got it on sale but it's worth the price.  Rated 1 out of5 by Bdave from Very noisy I have bought other products with a similar design and they work great. I had one with a cord that went into the headphone jack but when I plugged it into my stereo jack, the cord went right through the speaker and the headphone cable was so thick and thick that it went right thru the top of my car. So I returned it. This one has a very loud speaker and doesn't fit in the car jack. I have to use an adapter cable to plug in this into my car and I have to go through my car to get to the other jack. This will not work for me. The quality is ok, but if you're thinking about buying this, think again. I have had this for a couple of months and the sound is so noisy I cannot even listen to the music I bought in my car because it's too loud. It's the same with movies I purchased from iTunes. It's not that bad for movies but movies with sound effects can make it really hard to listen. Rated 3 out of five by J.M. from OK product at a good price. I bought this after seeing that others have bought this device and I think it's a decent product for the price that is. However, there is one thing that makes me wish I hadn't. There are no headphone ports on the side, you have to put your headphones into the jack in the back, but I still think it is a decent idea. I'm hoping that it will be addressed in the future, maybe it will just be an added accessory on the front with a headphone port. But it's something I'm not going to complain about, I can use my own headphones in my headphones or my car speakers, and I still have a great sound from my car stereo. This is an ok product. However I am disappointed that you can't use headphones with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used the e-cigs for about 2 weeks now.  They have been great at reducing my tobacco cravings, but the only problem I have found is that the batteries last longer if they are on the charger for a while.    After taking the e cigarettes on a 2 week vacation,  they are showing signs of use:  I think the battery life would be great if the batteries were in a box like the e cigarette starter kits.  There is no way that the e cigs will last as long as the starter kits,  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "This is a very poor product. I would recommend anyone with a low budget to go elsewhere for their electronics."   See more testimonials from customers  What is the best e-cigarette?  My experience with Vamo E-Cigs  I'm a former smoker. I started vaping in 2015, and the e-cigarettes I've tried are good, but not better than the real thing. I like the battery life and the way I can use them to vape when I have a moment between work and home. The only drawback I have found with the vape tanks is that the heating coil often heats up the liquid too fast. My biggest complaint is the taste. I'm not a huge vaper, but I like that it tastes like a real cigarette. My friends think it tastes awful, and I think it's because I'm a sucker for a good flavor. So, in order to make sure I get the best flavor possible, I've switched to using the Vamo e-cig. The Vamo is a nice design, and is much better than most e-cigs I've seen. It's also a lot more expensive than a typical e-juice. For me, the Vampo is the perfect choice for me.  Does Vamo work for you?  to me it is a no-brainer, and a really great value. I have not yet tried the VV2, and if it was more affordable I would definitely give it a try. I do wish that they had a larger tank, and that the battery lasted a little longer. The flavor is great, and they have a very good customer service, which has been a plus for me so far.  is a great device. I am very happy with it. the ejuice I have had has not left me disappointed. I vape it at a very low wattage (I vape at about 5 watts) and the juice is pretty strong. I also have the "extendable" battery that I bought that goes up to about 15 watts. I love the design, the taste is great and it's very portable. I think the best part is the fact that you don't have to use a lot of e-liquid because you only use the e juice in your tank.  "I am very satisfied with this product. The ejuices I have been vaping have been very good."  "I am so happy with
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for years. It works great as a speaker but when you use it to play mp3 files on your ipod it becomes a bit of a pain to play. The buttons are also difficult to hit. If you don't use it for music the unit works great.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Nice product I bought the 3rd one of these and they are great. I can't speak for the others, but the one I bought for my iPod is not only better, it has a very good built quality to it. The sound is much better than the older models I have had and they're a great way to get music on the go. The only problem is that they're expensive. ,,  ,  Reviewer: Bill from Chicago, IL. - favorite favorite favorite - June 17, 2012  Subject: I think these were designed for this system. You don't really need a subwoofer unless you're using a high powered speaker. - June 4, 2011I think thesewere designed for  Reviewed by: Paul from Dallas TX. - February 8, 2011  Rating: 5 I have a pair of these speakers for my computer computer. I have it in a small room in a very old house. It's very loud, and they get a good volume. I'm not sure about the range, but they are not bad. - January 14, 2011
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a new Samsung S7 Edge and after just two days I noticed that my phone battery is low! This is very bad because I bought a new smartphone. I was going to use it for a few months and then return it but now I will have to buy a new phone or wait for it to be fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  My first computer, a 16K 2.5" floppy drive, and a PC at age 17, still have no use. Last edited by M4L; 08-01-2009 at 07:22 AM..
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It works great for a very basic device. The button on the front is too small and the power button is also a little hard to press. The screen doesn't turn on by itself, it needs to be pressed several times before it turns on. Also, when the power is off, it stays on by blinking in and out. I think the device would be better if it had a power switch so it didn't keep turning on by default.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 27, 2008  Great little device  by Robert from San Francisco CA USA  Pros: compact, easy to use, very portable, good battery life Cons: the battery power on the back button on my unit does not function. The device itself seems to be well built and works well.  the screen is bright, and the device can be used as a smart phone.  to be clear the battery only lasted about 6-7 days.   i use this to answer questions from my son, who is 3. He likes to watch TV, talk on the phone, and watch movies with the sound off. This device allows him to do all this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst case of a bad item. It started off okay but over time it just got worse. I bought this for my mom and it is a nice looking product. However, I am very disappointed in the customer service from the company. I contacted the company after the fact and was told that they are currently investigating the problem and that they were sending me a new one. So my mom is still without a monitor. I have no idea why they couldn't have sent her a defective unit instead of sending her a new thing. I'm going to write a very negative review and give it a 1 star because I am not going to be getting another one of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a computer for a few years now and this is the worst thing ive ever used. The sound quality is awful and the computer just sits on your desk and gets really hot. i have an i5 and a desktop pc. It doesn't even run on low and i have a very bad habit of turning it on when i'm not using it. i can't believe the price. I'll never buy this again. It's an absolute piece of junk. Read Less  Amazing! By: James E. Product: Peter Stokkebye Luxury Bullseye Flake Bulk I love the Luxury flake and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great flake. The taste is absolutely wonderful. I can see why this flake has been around for so long.  Great tobacco By: Matthew S. Product : Peter Stohr Luxury Flake Bulk As an avid pipe smoker for many years, I found myself with a stockpile of Luxury flakes that were becoming increasingly hard to smoke, as I was finding it hard to find a nice pipe with a good draw.    Peter Stokketoose Luxury is a great tobacco. The flakes are nice and thick. The cut is very smooth and the tin note is fantastic. I love this blend. The only negative is the price, but that can be fixed. Read More  great for a beginner By: Joe H. Product  Not much more to say. This is a nice mild English blend. It has a great taste, with hints of vanilla, but is not cloying. I would recommend this to someone new to pipe smoking or someone looking for something to fill the void between mild English blends.  (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)  Best Tobacco! By David H. Age When Smoked: Fresh from Tin Purchased From: Smoking Pipes.com 3 people found this review helpful.  a very mild English flake that is full bodied with a rich taste. It is not a high quality flake but it is worth every penny. I enjoy it in my cob pipe. 3 people find this review useful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have had this for over 3 years now. -------------------------- I have used it on many occasions as a tool to pull out old hard drives from my hard drive cage and put them into a smaller case. --------------- The first time I used it to remove a hard drive from my cage, the handle fell off and I got a scratch on my finger. ------------- This product does not work well on hard drives. -------------- I had this on a computer I was building and I broke the screw that holds it together. The case fell apart on me and I lost the screw. ------------ This tool has never held up well in the worst condition I have ever seen it in. ------------------------------- I bought this tool and the drive puller, the tool is a little large but it is perfect for the job. ----------------------------------------------- I've used this tool for many years, it's worked flawlessly every time. -------------------------------------------------- I had an old Dell computer that was in terrible shape and I needed to get the drive out. I used this and the puller and it works perfectly. --------- I'm not a huge fan of screwdrivers but this one is perfect. -------- This tool is great! ------------ I've had mine for over 4 years now, I've only used it a couple times and it is still working like new. ****************** This tool makes the job a whole lot easier and less time consuming. ************** I have owned this tool since 2007. ********* This tool can be a real pain when trying to pull a hard disk out.  The handle needs to be a little bigger, I have it at about 7 inches long but it works perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  Won't let you forget it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very well designed device and I've used it quite a bit and it's a fantastic product, but I don't really like how the button is positioned, it's hard to reach, and makes it difficult to type on. I'd prefer to have the button on the top of the device and not on the side. But it's still a fantastic device. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great product this product is a great device.  The key is the software.    It has a lot of features and functions, which is very useful. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an old laptop for about 3 years now. i had to replace it with this one because of a small crack in the screen. the screen isnt so bad, but there are many better looking ones out there.  Pros: Solid construction, good build quality. Has lots of ports. Comes with a power cable. The battery life is great. Great for gaming. Cons: The screen is very bright, and it's not as responsive as other screens. The laptop can get hot quickly.  "Best laptop on the market. "  I have had a laptop for a few years now and it was my first computer. I had it for over 3 years and I'm now about to get a new one. The best part about this laptop is the screen quality. The screen was a bit of a headache when I got it and the colors are a bit on the dark side but other than that, this laptop was the best I have ever had. The only thing that is annoying is that the keyboard is too small for my hands. If you need a larger keyboard, this is not the laptop for you. However, if you don't mind a small keyboard then this is the laptop you need to buy.  the only thing I would change about this computer is that they need to change the wireless chip. The wireless chip is so hot that it will make your laptop go out in the middle of a game. It will start to get warm and you can feel it starting to get hotter. Also, they need a more responsive mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker was the worst part of this device.  It did not have the volume to hear anything.       I tried to use it with my earbuds and it just didn't work.    This is not a good product for a $70 device. I'm very happy with my purchase.  I love the sound quality.  They sound very good.  Very easy to use and control.  The only negative thing I have to say is the power.  You must use a power adaptor if you don't want to have to plug the device into a wall outlet. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this camera for my own personal use and it's a great camera. The problem is that it doesn't have a tripod mount. The lens was mounted with a piece of elastic, which is not very secure. The camera is extremely heavy, and it took a while to get the right angle. I recommend you try to mount the lens on the lens, because the lens is not sturdy enough to do so.   Other than that, the camera is awesome!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First off, the price is right! This is my first digital device and I was surprised at how well the device works. It was easy to set up, very quiet and easy to use. The only problem is that I can't understand the instructions and the software is so confusing that it's hard to figure out what's what. It's not a huge deal but it's annoying. If the software was clearer I think it would have been a 5 star purchase.   The other problem is the poor sound quality. It sounds very tinny and cheap. The volume is not very loud, but the quality of sound is very poor. I can listen to my music but I'm not impressed with the sound quality and the quality is horrible. I think the only good thing about the device is the fact that I am able to use it with a car adapter but that's it. I will definitely not be using this device with a Bluetooth speaker as it has very little sound. The device itself is a piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is very low quality and very unreliable. The battery is bad, the connection is horrible and the buttons are bad, and the unit has a very weak connection with my cell phone charger, so I would not recommend it. This review is based on a refurbished unit. The product received from Best Buy was in good condition. The unit was in perfect working condition, and was fully functional. The only problems I had with the unit was that the connection was too short to be of any use, and that the unit had a weak connection to the charger, which also made the connection with the phone extremely unreliable. I ended up sending it back, which is why it is rated 3 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this to go with my Xbox 360. I have not had the chance to use it yet. I'm very satisfied with the design and quality. However, the software is very confusing and the control scheme is confusing. The only thing that I would have liked to see was a "power off" button, because the device can only be powered off with a power adapter. The controls also make it very difficult to set the power on/off level. For this price, I expect more. I also purchased the cable that came with the unit to have it connect to my TV. This is very expensive, but I'm not sure why I paid so much. It's a good product, but the user experience is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________ The Apple iPhone 4S is one of the worst iphone iphones iphons iphonelips iphoness iphonest iphony iphonewars iphonet iphoon iphorn iphoner iphos iphor iphose iphs iphso iphys i-pads iphz iPad iphobooks iphocards iphodafoard iphocomputers iphodev iphofluid iphoipod iphotabs iphotext iphoto iphophones iPads ipodipods iphormodels iphromods iPhonix iphonedev iphoning iphongraph iphorgans iphorecords iphors iphortechs ipols iphoyds iphosts isobits iphtronics iphunix ispot iSPOKE iphox iphrp iphrel iphreat iphur iphuses iphus iphux iptables iptemulators itunes ipsiphonenumbers iphvids itworks ixdreams ixponsix ixps ixtunes ixxplo izat izm izotop jacks japanese jpix jpc jpcs jpdfs jpegs jpg jpgs jpifs jpegs jpics jpegs jpgs jpeis jpgscans jpegssd jpgtops jpgtotp jpixpk files jpeg jpgvps jppg jpkf jpks jps jpsb jpss jpx jpv jpvs jpy jpz jqs jrc jsps jsc jscs jsf jsd jsdf jsfps jsfd jsfx jsgz jsk jsl jsls jsm jsmv jsvx jsxl jsz jtb jsxx jtv jtvr jtwj jsxp jxt jxto jxpls jxtotp jxf jxplxs j
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries last a long time, but when I first plugged it in, I got the "I'm having trouble connecting to my computer" message. I then realized the battery had died and had to buy a new one.  When I plugged it back in, the same problem happened. I have the charger and the charger charger is about 2 years old.  I got a good deal, and I would have bought it again but for the fact that the USB cord has become unplugged and there is no plug on the wall. I bought the computer and monitor to watch movies and use my computer for the first time and this is the only reason I am not giving the unit 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using this device for 2 years and it has worked great so far. It is simple to use and very fast. I am a very busy person and have been looking for something to help me keep up with my business emails. I do not need it to do my research or to keep up on my work, just email me quick thoughts about the day. I can use it anywhere I go.   My only issue is that it does not allow me to customize the message or the subject.   a better device to buy would be a Macbook or some other PC.  , I purchased this product because of the large amount of email I receive. I was so happy when I found this item. It works very well and it is very convenient to access it when I am on the go. I have not tried to customize it yet. I also want to mention that this item has worked flawlessly on my computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 3 years and i was really looking forward to the new one, i have to say it's horrible. i got it a month before the new phone came out and i'm still stuck with this thing. the camera is awful, the microphone is terrible, and the screen is awful. i dont have any other complaints, i'm just really frustrated about the quality of the device and the fact that the new phones are better than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This item worked for one person but the other person got a different one with different features and a different type of input device. --------------------------- I have used this product for over 30 years. I have had it for over 3 years. --------------- My wife bought me a new laptop with a very low quality key-tumbler that worked flawlessly for about 6 months. -------------- The key-tie-maker has been replaced by a cheaper alternative. The cheap alternative is a key-grip-maker. I tried the cheap one, and it's not good. It has a tiny screw on the handle, which gets in the way, and the whole thing is too tight to grip. The only good thing about the cheap key-mangler is that it works. ------------ It was really disappointing to have to return the $9.99 I bought this item for. ------------- I have been using a new key-tracker for over a year. I've had to replace several key-chains, key-purses, and other items. I finally gave up on the old key-trapper. The keys are hard to find and they are hard and expensive to replace. The new key catcher doesn't even have a key slot. I had to get an old key chain that was in good shape and made to fit the key-catcher. It worked better than any key-trap that I had tried, but was still too much effort to find the right key and insert it. The key catcher is too small and is hard to remove the keys without bending the keys or scratching the plastic. --------- I have a set of keys for an antique typewriter and I thought it was time to give it a fresh start. I bought the key catcher, key chain, and keys. I installed it in my office desk. I could not get the keys to stay in the key chain. They fell out of the chain and fell to the ground. The small keys were difficult to insert. It's too small. I am going to try the key holder instead of the key trap. I purchased the key keeper from the office supply store and it worked much better than the key trapper. ---------------------- I bought a new keyboard and decided to try out a key traverter. I put it in a small drawer in my living room and didn't see it until I came home one night and found it in the corner of the room. I couldn't believe
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to admit, I was skeptical about buying this device because it is a USB-C to USB-A adapter. I expected to be charged from my computer and connected to my television or other devices with ease. It is the same thing as buying an adapter for my older Apple laptop. This is what I was expecting, but it is not what I got. The device works, but the interface is extremely confusing. You have to click on the right buttons to select each option. Also, there are only three settings: power, audio, and camera. If you have a 4K TV and want to use the camera, you have to go to the camera setting. There is no way to choose a setting for power. Also there is no option for an auto brightness setting. I tried to adjust the brightness manually, but I only got a 2-4 point difference, which is too small to notice. The adapter has a good warranty.  It came in 2 weeks, and I am very happy with the product. I am going to use it to charge my laptop as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I am using the "smart" radio for about 2 months now, and i'm really happy with the functionality and design of the radio. I've had a lot of fun using it, and it is very easy to use. My only complaint is that the radio is just really not that good. The sound quality is pretty poor, and there are several times that the receiver just does not respond to the commands that i'm trying to give it. I just got it today, and I'm pretty disappointed. I would not recommend this to anyone, except for those who want a cheap radio, and want to use their smartphone to get information about the weather, traffic, sports, etc.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a iphone 5 since the beginning of the year and this device is just a joke. the screen is just okay. it has terrible speakers and the quality is just terrible. i am now looking to buy another ipod for my daughter because she loves hers but i wouldnt get this one because it has horrible speakers and a bad design that does not do much other than look good.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ This was my first electronic device and I was really excited to try it out. I was not disappointed. __________ The battery lasted for 4 hours and a half and was pretty strong. _____________________________________________ This is the worst electronic device I have ever purchased. I am going to return it and I hope the maker will fix this problem. It works ok, but it is the weakest link in the chain. __________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very good phone but it is difficult to set up. There is a lot of information to go through before you can actually use it. It is very hard to use the phone. The camera is very bad. I do not know what a camera is good for, but this is a terrible camera. It has a very long lens. This phone is a great value and it is very good for the money. It also has a lot to offer and is a good phone for a person who does not like the idea of getting a cell phone. But, I can not recommend this phone because of the poor customer service. I had a friend who was very unhappy with the service. She was trying to get a friend to buy it for her. She wanted to try it out but couldn't get anyone to answer her calls. I was trying my best to help her but the phone did not work. So, I sent her a message and I sent it to her friend and she was able to get her friend to go to the store and get it working. The friend was very happy with the phone and she is glad she got it. But it is sad because she has been trying to buy a phone but I did not even get her a call back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device has been a complete failure in every way, it has no functionality, it is not easy to use and does not have any settings.  It's too big, too expensive and the software has a number of bugs.    -
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the same problems with my new iphone 4. i got it with the retina display and it does not do much at all. if you want to see a phone with a retina display go get a iphon, but otherwise get something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------I love this device, but it only works on my phone. ---------------  The first thing that I notice when I unboxed this is how much larger the size of the device is compared to my Galaxy Nexus. The size of this thing is absolutely huge. It's also very sturdy and the finish on the plastic is excellent. The device comes with two cables that you can plug in and out of the phone, but the one that I got is not long enough to plug into the headphone jack. That being said, it does fit perfectly. I am only on the 4.0.2 version of Android and I've had no problems with the new features. The only complaint that I have is that there are some very annoying glitches in the software. I can see them being fixed in future updates. All in all, this is a good device. I'm very happy with the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung laptop for 2 years now and its been amazing. it has the specs needed for my job and has great battery life. but i just recently purchased a new samsung s3 for work. i have a feeling this will be my last s3 because the s3 is way better than the s2. but the samsung laptops are just so unreliable. if you want to get a s3 it better be a s5, but if you are looking for a laptop for work and your job doesn't require an s3 this laptop will get you what you need. but make sure you get a good computer with more memory and more storage.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a bad experience with this device. I had purchased this for my wife. She had been a smoker for 40 years, had been smoking for the last 10 years.  She was very happy with this electronic cigarette.   She could get an extra puff from it at the end of the day.  When she began to notice a bad smell after a couple of months she got rid of the electronic cigarette and tried the traditional pipe.  The next day the smell was there.  It was like someone had used it in the last few days.  This was in the middle of summer, not a good idea for the kids to have a tobacco product around.  My wife has not been back since.  I have also heard about a very bad issue with this product.  Please do not purchase this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my xbox one for two months now and it is terrible. the touch screen is so hard to use and it doesnt feel like it will last more than a year, and its constantly losing its connection to the power brick, and when i plug it in to charge it will not work at all, so im forced to leave it on charge while i wait for it to turn on and connect to the internet. i am very dissapointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device since 2008. i had it for about 2 years. i have used this for everything. i bought it because i had a problem with the power button. i found out that there was no button on the back of this unit. so i took it apart. and it broke. its still broken. so you need to keep a close eye on this one. i did not know about this until i bought this.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The _________ of ___________ _____________________ The _______ of _______ ______________ The ____ of ______________________ ____________________ The _____ of ______________________________ __________________________ The ______ of _____ ________ _________________________ The ________________________ of ___ ________________________ ____________________________ The ______ (The ________) of _________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________ The _________________ of ___ ___________________ ______________________________________________  A lot of the reviews on here are really bad. If you're going to use one of these, don't bother writing a review about it. They're useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ _______________  This is the best case I have ever had. It has done more to protect my computer than any of the other cases I have used. I am very satisfied with the purchase.  It does what it is suppose to do and for a reasonable price. .  is an excellent product. I purchased it to protect an IBM Thinkpad T41, as it is a great laptop and the case is quite nice and stylish. It is easy to install and it comes with a very good warranty.  the case has some gaps but it is well made and is very easy to clean.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a digital music player from Amazon and the unit did not work at all. When I plugged it in, the sound came out as a low hum, but when I turned it on, the unit produced a high pitched buzz. It took about 20 minutes of searching the Internet for the product to return the product. I was also told that the product was a repair and was to be replaced by the manufacturer. Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not good quality at all I purchased this as a gift for my father who works as a contractor. He has a lot of old computers that he uses to repair. It works well and I have had no issues. It does not have a display but does have the buttons to operate it. It's a very nice unit and has all the functions I want. However, the quality of the unit is not what I expected. It looks like it was made of plastic and does not fit well into a standard computer case. I have a lot more old computers and am considering buying a different brand but this is not a good buy at all  Rated 5 out of5 by Anonymous Anonymous  The product works well. I just installed it and have been using it daily. I used the USB interface cable to connect the unit.  It is a good unit. I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The first time I tried an mp3 player I was absolutely amazed, the music was fantastic, the sound quality was incredible and the price was excellent!"   "I have owned three mp3 players and two laptops, both of which were very good. I just can't see anyone buying an mp4 player over an mp5 player. You get what you pay for, not much more to it."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! (Posted on 9/22/14)  I like it!! Review by Matt I purchased the iStick because I have a lot of experience with other battery operated devices. I have found them to be easy to use and I like the fact that I can re charge them when I'm done. I highly recommend this device! (Posted 7/24/14 by John B. I love this battery. I've owned a lot different batteries over the years and this one is my favorite. (Posted 6/30/14by Tom M. I bought this product mainly because it was cheap, and I needed a battery for my iphone. I am pleased with this purchase. I'm surprised at how good it is for my needs, and how easy it is to use. I find it to be a great balance of cost and function. (Added 9/6/14 By John B.) I bought the i-stick to use on my ipod for music and games. I found that this battery lasted me 2 months and that the charger lasted me a week. The charger was a little overpriced but I am happy that I purchased it. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item expecting it to work as advertised and it did not. I found it hard to read and it was difficult to connect the battery to the USB cable. It also has a weak light. The batteries are not included with this unit. The charger does not come with either the unit or the power cable. The box does not include a user manual. I recommend using a USB cable to charge this item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I had to replace the battery. I bought this after a very bad experience with an iPod Touch 3G. The battery lasted me a day. The screen was very yellow and didn't come on in the way I expected it to. I'm glad I got this and am glad I'm going to replace it as soon as I can.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! This is the most awful device I have ever had in my life. The screen is horrible, the buttons are too hard to press, and the speakers are awful. The only positive I can say is the usb is fast and the screen is bright, but this is my last one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mark from Works well for the price. If you have a mac, you can use this. It does the job of keeping the wifi network from going to the internet, but it is very sensitive to the wifi signal and the power settings you set. It also needs a lot of attention when it's on the "home" network, as it's almost impossible to get the wifi to work properly if you leave it on the default.  in the end I used this to watch Netflix and Hulu for about a month. I did have issues with the battery dying at the end of a few episodes, but the rest of the time it worked fine. I had to go through the troubleshooting guide and change the wifi password, but that was easily doable and made a noticeable difference.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s, i lost my data, i have to re buy it and it's a rip off. not impressed with the design and build quality, i can't believe it will last me a year. I'm going to have to spend a lot of money on this. It is a ripoff!  No, I do not recommend this product! -Chris B., California, United States   I have two. The first one was lost in transit. The second one came back, the SD card was removed from it and the battery went dead. The case that the SD cards came in was damaged. The new one has the same problem. The software to recover lost data is so bad that it can't be used. I will be returning it. The warranty does not cover this.  -Robert B., Oklahoma, United State   This is a terrible piece of junk. It has the most horrible design, the buttons are difficult to use, and the software is not user friendly. , the phone is an absolute piece of garbage. If your looking for a phone with an awesome design, with amazing battery life, and amazing software, look no further.  the problem with the phone  it's not good for a daily driver
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is great and the battery lasts longer than the other ones I have had but I'm very dissatisfied with the price, it's way too much for what you get.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 27, 2016  Great price  by Andrew from Long Island, NY USA  Pros: great sound quality, durable, nice size  Cons: I wish it came with a charger so I could charge my phone, and it's a bit big, but still fits on my belt  Review: Great sound quality for a decent price. It's a little bulky to use on the belt, but it does the job.  the only negative is the battery life is pretty good, but that could be due to the fact I'm using it in a small room with no AC. . 's I don't have a problem with it as I use my old sound systems at home, but I wouldn't use this one at work. ,I wish it had a charger for my phone.  of the batteries last for quite some time. -  I would give it a 10.  it is great for it's price and the quality of the sound.  I'd recommend it to any home user. /Andrew.  have a great experience using it and the sound quality as well as the ease of use of it.  to my surprise it did not even last one year on my old systems.  and now I have a new system that's a lot easier to use and it fits in my back pocket. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love the fact that the batteries last for so long, but there is no way to turn them off or recharge them. I would much rather use my iPad or my ipad mini as it's easy to read in bed with the screen on, it's just a great product. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from I am not a pro but I am a tech... I am NOT a pro at any type of electronics, but I do know how to use a basic computer, like a Mac or a PC. I bought this to use on my Mac to play music on. I have to admit, that this thing is nice and quiet. It is small enough to fit on my laptop. I am using the bluetooth function with my iPhone. The speakers are really good, they sound like you are right next to the amp. The only thing I do not like is that the battery is very small, but the thing does take a lot of power. I also had to buy the USB charging cable to charge the battery. Overall, I am satisfied with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a Sony VTC5 on Ebay, and I'm really pleased with it. The sound is great. It's very loud. The battery is very light. It has a good quality build. The only problem I had was the fact that I have the volume up on it so much, that I can't get the volume to go down as low as I want it to, and my stereo is a little out of control, so I thought I'd buy the SVS version of the unit.   It's very good for the price.  .  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** This is the WORST electronic device ever. It's very difficult to use, very slow, and has no sound quality. It also seems very cheaply built. If I was forced to choose between this and my old cell phone, I'd rather use my old phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 years now and its the only one ive ever had that has not failed me. Ive been on the go all day and when i get home it still works. It works when i dont want it to work and it works when its supposed to. I cant believe it ive been using it this long and no one else has had to use it longer. I love it and I wont even trade it in. I will continue to use this device as it is a great device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I got this about a month ago, and after about a week of use, I noticed a very odd sound coming from the device. The first time it happened I thought maybe the speaker was broken, but after I got the speaker repaired it sounded like someone had turned it up so loud I could barely hear the speaker. I ended up sending it back to the store. I guess I'm just not used to using this type of device, but I'm sure this is a problem with all wireless speakers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** The problem: ********* The good: ************ The bad:  **************************** I have been looking for a good portable keyboard and I finally found it in this one. It is a little bigger and heavier than the IBM model M and is not a "pro" keyboard. The key layout is good, you have a number pad at the left side (which I prefer to the number pad on the M), but it is a lot larger than on the model M. The keys are a little stiff to type on but that is not so bad. The only con is that the keys do not vibrate when you press them. This is a good thing because typing on a noisy computer is like playing with fire. It does not take long to use the keyboard, but the time to type is a bit long. This has not deterred me from buying more of these products.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying these phones for over a year now and every single time they fail in one way or another. I have two of the "newer" ones with the metal casing and the other one with the plastic casing. I get the same problem every time. They will not charge my phone properly and they wont even work properly. Every time they get into trouble they have to be replaced and i have to wait for the shipping to come back and buy another one. They get very hot and the metal is just not durable. Its very frustrating and i really cant get over it. The only thing that makes it better is that my kids can get it. If you want a good phone then this is the phone for you. You cant go wrong with it and it is very very good. But be aware of the flaws and dont buy this one unless you know what you are doing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! The item arrived late, it was dirty and had no power. I was told that it would ship out today. I called customer service and was told they could not ship the item out today due to a previous order. I got another order in the mail and this time it was not a problem. This is a bad purchase!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It worked great until I put the battery in and noticed a strange noise coming from the headphone jack. The battery was dying and I found out the hard way. I have been looking for a replacement since I got the original one in 2012, but no one seems to carry them anymore. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 22, 2015  I was looking for something to replace my wired stereo system. I was surprised at the price but was still willing to pay. The product arrived in less than two weeks. I can't say enough good things about it. The sound is very clear and crisp. The only drawback is the controls, they were a little confusing at first. The volume knob had to be turned twice before the sound came out. But, the quality of the sound is great. I also had to replace the batteries twice. The first time they were fine but the second time the batteries died. I didn't have any other problems with the unit. I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.  Was not impressed by this one. I just bought it to replace a similar unit that I bought from my local store a few years ago and was extremely disappointed. The noise cancellation was a big plus for me but it was the lack of an input for headphones that made me drop it.  to my knowledge this unit does not have a headphone jack so you have to plug it into your stereo's headphone jack, which is a huge minus.  in addition I have heard that other units that have a jack also have the same problem. I tried a few different units to find the cause of the noise cancellation but to no avail. I will be returning this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone3 g4  I have used my iPhone 3gs for years and was thrilled when it was upgraded to the 4s. It was nice when the screen size had improved, but now I'm using my iPhone 5. The problem is the device is so slow and laggy it's a pain to use. The screen is very dim and the camera takes a long time to focus. If I wanted to I could probably make it work with a computer, but at least the screen is nice and bright. If you're like me and have a lot of time on your hands then this is a great device. If only the battery would last longer.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device : iphones  When I started using my new iPhone 5s, I was happy to see how fast the device was. The camera is awesome, the screen was amazing and the size was nice. Now I have the iphoner 2 that has the same screen and camera and I love it. The iphoner 2 is great because it has the camera so it is really nice to look at but the speed of the iple is a little slow. I'm thinking about getting an iphono 2 and the next iphonenr 3 but I don't think I'll have time to play with it.  a few bad things I do like the camera  A lot of people like the new camera on the iPhone 6 Plus but there are some things that I don' like about the new iphonic. The phone is pretty nice and the display is very bright and crisp. The microphone on the icle is a pain but I'm not going to complain about a little thing. I think the battery life is very good and it's pretty easy to charge it. I like the headphone jack and it fits my phone better. It's very easy to use the phone and the software is pretty great. If the ile g was a little faster it would be great but it's not and I'll continue to use it for a while.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My wife wanted to get an iphone for her. She wanted one with a larger screen and it has a built in bluetooth. She has a cell phone but she had to get a new one because of the antenna and it is just not a good phone for her to have. The first day of receiving her phone the antenna broke. They said the problem is that they can not fix the problem. The second day it started to blow up and the phone was unusable. My wife had to pay the phone company to get it repaired. So if you want to use this phone you should probably just stay away from this phone! I would not recommend it!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  I am not sure if you have any experience with this device but I have purchased this device twice. The first time I received the device it did not work. It would not turn on. It was not plugged in and there were no instructions or instructions on the device that it worked. I sent it back and got a new one. The second time I got the new one it worked but I needed to remove the battery from the original device. I thought that this was a good device but the second time it failed I was frustrated with the fact that I did not get the original one I was promised.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  Thanks for the feedback!  J.T. from Houston, TX  4 / 5  Reviewed by:from Houston, Tx.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm sooo glad I purchased this. I have an older laptop and a new one. I use this one all the time and I love it. It has everything I need and I don't even have to plug in my cables. I wish they made it in a different color but overall, it is worth every penny.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a crappy, very expensive, and not very well made digital audio recorder with a few flaws. I have a great idea, but the quality of the recording is pretty poor, the controls are difficult to operate, the screen is poorly designed, and it's hard to make it work well with multiple devices. I can't see myself using it very often, though I'll keep an ear out for the next model. Read the full review: http://mikesfrigid.com/2013/05/08/thescope-2/ I have two scopes here. One is a nice looking and very well built. I'm going to have to find a way to attach it to my head when I go to the beach. The other scope is a cheap plastic plastic and cardboard. It's very easy to lose the batteries, it's very hard to see, and I really have to look down a little to see the scope clearly. I would give it 1 star if the screen didn't distort, but I don't care about that. The Scopes were purchased in a bundle with a GoPro mount (which is a little weird) and a couple of other accessories. The mount is cheap plastic and the GoPro mount is pretty good. The whole bundle comes with a micro SD card and a cable which are not essential but are nice to have. I think it's good that I got the tripod separately so that I don�t have to buy the whole bundle. I did not like the quality or design of the GoPro but I think the GoPro is worth the purchase because of the mount and the way it is constructed. The Scopes I purchased are pretty decent, but they are cheaply made and it will be nice to get a better product when I have the money. See more reviews: https://www.amazon.com/?tag=dell-scopes-gopro&linkCode=h2-13393701-13 Read more reviews and photos of the Scopes: https: https:/ /www.facebook.com /dellscopes. gopro/photos/ Read reviews about the GoPro: https : / /www.facebook. com/dell. scopes.goprostro/ See the original post: https /www2.dellcoupledcameras.com//news/  / _____/d /d-gopt
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this as a gift for my wife. She is sooo happy with it, she loves it. This is so far the best bluetooth speaker she has ever used. The speakers are pretty good, but the fact that it's so small, and that it doesn't have a headphone jack makes it a little tough to take with you. Also, the charging cord is pretty short, and the battery is a little small. The fact that the sound quality is very good is a bonus. I do think it's better than some other bluetooth speakers I've used. If you're looking for a Bluetooth speaker with a nice sound, this is a great buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s is just ok. When you need something a bit more powerful, I recommend the iPhone 6 or 7.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and ive found it to be extremely unreliable. every time i get the screen on i get a "dying screen" message. i have to unplug the unit everytime i go to use it or i get no screen at all. it will just die on me when i try to use the wifi. i bought this for a cheap price but i am disappointed. i would not recommend this to anyone who wants to buy a cheap phone, its a waste of money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by S.L. from The phone is great. This is my first smartphone and I'm really enjoying it. I can use it in a pinch without a laptop and have my own data plan (though, since I'm a student, I don't use the data plan at all). The only negative I can think of is the poor quality screen (doesn't match the other LG phones I've owned).  5.0 out of 4.0 stars from 24 reviews at Yelp Great Phone I have a black LG G4 that I have used for a few years now and am loving it. When I get my hands on a newer model I am going to get it. My only negative is that it is difficult to get the camera out of the phone with the case on.  the best phone to buy
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is just a waste of money. I bought a set of 3 USB drives, thinking they would be able to transfer data from one computer to another computer. I connected the drive to my computer and ran the USB port, but no data was transferred. I went to a different computer and plugged the USB into the drive and I had data transfer.  I'm a bit disappointed. _______________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Sony CCD to use in my video production work. It works fine in my professional video work. However, I have experienced the following: 1. It has a lot of trouble keeping good images. I will keep my CCD's running for a long time, but it has a hard time capturing a good image. 2. The CCD can be overheated by working at high temperatures (over 120 degrees) and it will fail in short order. 3. It is very hard to read the data when the CCD is not working. 4. The power supply is very weak. It was very hard for me to get my CCCD to work when the battery was dead. 5. The manual is horrible. I have read it over 30 times. I am a beginner and I have wasted many hours trying to figure out how to get it to work. I'm really frustrated with this one. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought a new iMac after I had my iMac 3.5 for a long time. I am a programmer and love the fact that my Mac can be used for writing and coding on my own. Unfortunately, I noticed that my iDevice is not a good value. I have used my Mac for 3.0 years and it is running out of warranty. This is not the first time that iMac has failed to work properly, but it is the first where iMac completely fails to work. My problem is that the iMac screen goes dark when I try to type. The only thing I can do is turn on my MacBook Air which is running a different OS. I cannot find any software for my iDrive that is compatible with the Mac. This has been a problem since I got the iBook G3 from the store, but I can't find the iDrive for this model. So I'm back to using my iBook for programming and reading my documents on my computer. I'm afraid I will be buying another one in a few years and that's the last time I will buy one of Apple's products. It is a shame because this is a wonderful computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- If you're looking for an inexpensive remote control for your TV, this won't be your best choice. It's a basic programmable IR remote, but that's about it. The remote does have some buttons, including a power button, a mute button, and a play/pause button. There's no on/off switch or an LED to indicate when a program has been completed. There are a couple of "quick start" programs available, but these don't have any useful functions. The only programmable button on the remote is the one on the bottom of the remote. That button is used to select the main menu, and you have to hold it down until the main screen appears, which is about 10 seconds. The programmable buttons on the TV remote are generally used to change channels, not play/record/pause. The buttons on this remote are not programmable. They are there to control what channels are displayed in the remote's menus. If you need a programmable remote, you should buy a good one that has a quick start feature. This one is just a basic remote.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Rene from No More Menu and Menu Button on Remote! This product was supposed to be a very nice remote with a lot of features but sadly, there is no menu button and there is NO menu on this one!! The buttons are very small, and the only function of them is to start/stop a program. The screen is too small, the menu is tiny, and there are no more functions on the screen. The main screen is just small, so the programmable features were not a good idea. There is nothing on the main interface that will be used. If the remote would have a programable button, I would have given it a higher rating. But the big problem is the small size of the screen and the very small number of functions on this small screen. I could not use it on a couch, I could only use it at my computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my e-cigarette for a little over a month now and it works great for what i wanted. The only thing i don't like about it is that the battery does not last long. it is a must have device.  great product but don't buy a large battery! I love the electronic cigarette. It works perfectly, you can't beat it. However, I found a bug. The batteries come in two different sizes. The smaller ones fit perfectly in the larger ones but they have a different voltage. It seems like they are designed for different voltages.  I bought the battery on the website, but after two days of using it, I decided to return it. I was hoping it would last longer but it only lasted about half an hour. This is not a big deal as I was using it for the rechargeable battery. However I would recommend getting the large size battery. I would buy the large battery again but I'm not sure how long I will last with the smaller one.  in all i give it a 4 star rating but the batteries dont last very long.  (Posted on 7/10/2013)  Great Product, great price! Bought this for a friend who had been using an electronic cigarette for about 3 years, he is just now buying a more expensive model to replace the one he had and this was a great product. I did a bit of research and saw the good reviews and bought it for my friend.    I have only had it about a month and it has been great!  (Posted on 6/9/2013 )  Very impressed. Purchased the e-Cig as a present for a few of my friends. They all love it and we all keep trying different flavors. It is a very handy little device for me to have around.  of course there are many flavors.  to keep the battery charged and keep it cool you must charge it up regularly and the batteries are only rated at about 5 hours so i find that is a little much but it is perfect for my friends and I.  for the price i have no problem buying this again. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A year ago i bought this device and i love it. the battery lasts all day. the remote is not that good. i dont like it for movies, i prefer the ones with bluetooth. but the remote works great for all other stuff. it can be used to change channels, or turn the volume up and down. it is just like the one you get on an iphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This was my first electronic device and I was not very impressed. When I opened the box I saw the unit and knew that I had found a winner. I was able to connect a stereo system and get great sound from it. The only complaint I have is that the battery lasts only an hour or two. This was a great buy for the money and I would buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the wireless printer for a while now and i love it but ive had the issue of it randomly not connecting to my wireless router. ive replaced the battery a couple of times now but its a waste of time. i have had this for a few months and have no problems so why would i spend $60 to fix it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Nelita from Great for the price I bought this printer to replace a $500 machine and I was happy with the price and overall quality of the printer. The printing speed is faster than my old model and the print quality is great. I would recommend this printer over my old printer. I just wish it was more flexible.  in other words, I'm really glad I bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does the job, but is not what I wanted. It is hard to put on. I got the small one. It fits my head very well, but it is way too big. My head is bigger than most people's heads. The strap is hard and I would like a small size strap instead. My earphones have to be put on with my mouth and not with my hands, but the strap is so big it makes it hard. I am very disappointed. It would be nice if the size was smaller, but this is a problem with most headphone. If you have a small head like mine, get this. If your ears are too big, get the small.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The sound is so bad on this device! I have bought several other electronic devices. All have been ok but this one is very disappointing. It was so loud and the battery lasted only about 30min. The battery lasted a total of 6 min on a full charge. If you are thinking of buying this device, buy a quality rechargeable battery. The sound quality is poor! I had to put the unit in speaker mode to get it to work at all. I was able to get through about 1 hour of music without issues.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a while now. its been very reliable for my business. the only problem i have had is that my phone is getting pretty hot so i have to put the charger on it to cool it down. i think that is the only reason i dont give it 5 stars. but its been reliable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a bmw for 2 years and its just a terrible unit. I dont like the keys feel or the keys are too hard. It cant even go to sleep on its own. I am having to use my pc and a usb keyboard on my phone. This is an extremely expensive piece of crap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- Great sound, I purchased this to use with my phone. Unfortunately, it is not compatible with my iPhone 6 Plus. It is loud, but not very clear. I have a 5s with the same speaker and I don't hear much at all. It works on my LG G3, however.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a terrible thing to buy!  The only way to use this thing is to hold it and press the buttons with your thumb and forefinger.  This means you are holding it on your desk for hours on end, and it will not fit in your hand because of the way the buttons are attached.    I have not had a chance to try it out yet, but I have had a few of these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i was really hoping that this would be better than the old version but i'm still not impressed. i don't know how they could've made it better but it's just so noisy that i can barely use it. i got a nice battery but the whole thing still needs a bigger one. this was supposed to be a portable speaker but it just sounds like an amplified boom box.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  R.P.  the only one that really works well is this one, but its too expensive.  to many different modes to select, too many buttons, the volume controls are all wrong. ....  I have to agree with the last comment. This thing is a joke. It's a joke!  The sound quality is so bad I can't even listen to it.  "Danger: very loud and almost useless for anything but playing video games. Don't waste your money on this thing."  John G.  on December 23, 2013  2 of 3 found this helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 2 years now and its been a joke. theres a lot of other devices out there that perform better and are much more useful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a bit flimsy. The battery doesn't last a long time, it's a pain to use, it can't charge other devices (it's a charger) and the battery life is very poor.   I bought this as an upgrade from my previous iStick, but i had to return it due to the quality of the electronic devices, the iSticks are very good.  Great all around starter iSticker   iStick is a great starter istick, with the added advantage that it comes with a usb power bank, allowing you to charge other electronic devices as well.  "Amazing"  -Dylan from Chicago  I'm an electrician by trade and my iStickers are the best I have ever used. They fit my iMac perfectly and they come in the right colors and they are easy to use. They're great and the customer service is great. I would highly recommend these stickers.  I can't say enough good things about these stickers and about the istick company. I can not say enough bad things about iSticking. I don't know why this company is still in business. They are a waste of money and they have ruined my istick experience. They took good care of me for a week and a half. Then i started getting a huge shock when i got my package and saw that the stickers were not there. iSticky is a good company but the customer support sucks. They told me that I should get another istick so i could use the stickers that I paid for. I have two other iStiches and I have been using the ones from this company since the first one broke after a month. I've tried to send them back multiple times and I've gotten no response. I wish iStinking would shut down their e-store and get a refund for their customers like i have.  in the end, iStiking is a company that has ruined a great product for me.  and i'm off to buy a new istick because i'm tired of the quality issues i'm getting with the istick i've had for a month now.  for more information on how to replace your istick and other products, see this link: http://www.ebay.com/itm/i-stick-for-usb-charger-5-in-1-istick-/251787141836
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  The sound quality is bad and there is a big gap between the volume control and the speaker. I like the volume up/down control on the device and the remote control is great.  Product: I love this!  I've had this since 2011, and it's still going strong! , but if you buy the original version, it will work great with the "Bite-Sized" and "Pound-Sizing" models.  and if you can find a version without the built-in speaker, I think it's a great buy. ,,,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a good quality monitor for about 2 years. this is the first monitor i have purchased that did not give me the satisfaction i expected and my wife and i both agreed that we had to find a replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this monitor to use as a computer monitor at work. It's been a good computer monitor so far, but when I tried to do a little photo editing with the screen, it wouldn't turn on. After looking at the pictures, it's very obvious that the screen is very low resolution. This is a great monitor if you're looking to do basic photo editing on a PC, but not as good as a high resolution monitor. If you're using this monitor as a PC monitor, I would recommend that you get a monitor that's higher resolution.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year and it still isnt working. Ive had it for a couple weeks now and it hasnt done a thing. i was hoping that i would be able to use my phone and it would connect. i cant even find the right usb port to plug it in. so now i have to buy a new one. it doesnt have to be a big problem but when it comes to the quality of the device you really have to look at the picture.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* I bought this product about a month ago and have used it to make a lot of homemade jam. The jam is fine and thick, but when you make it with this thing, the flavor just tastes bad. I also used it on my popcorn and it tasted like burnt popcorn and that was the worst part. I would not buy this product again. I do not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost a year now, i have to say it has given me some problems in the past i used it for 3 weeks, i was using it for the first time to send pictures from the studio to my parents, i had to change my usb cable twice to get it to work correctly the second time i tried to charge it and i had a problem, when it was plugged in the usb port was unplugged from the computer and the charger just didnt work i took the unit back to the store but the salesperson said that it was a bad unit and that i had better buy a different one and i did, the unit worked fine, i went to use it a few more times but everytime i was trying to do something on my computer, it wouldnt recognize the usb cable and i would have to plug the cable back in and that didnt work either i went back to my previous unit, but now my mother has a new computer and i am going to buy a new one for her as well, if you can buy a unit with more power then it is worth it and it does work great if you dont mind the issues, i am not sure what else you can expect from it but the unit is good i would recommend it if your a beginner to computer electronics but i dont think its worth the money if you are looking for something that can charge multiple devices  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best Charger I have been using this product for a year and have not had any problems. I use this charger at my office and my wife uses it at home. It has a lot of power, can charge up to 2 iPads and my iPhone. It is also portable so you can take it with you. I also bought the charger to charge my ipad mini.  Product Review: Excellent product, works well for my needs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The price is right but the sound quality is subpar!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 18, 2015  Works great  by Anonymous from Santa Barbara CA USA  Review: Works great, it works as advertised. I had to do some adjustments with the screws, but I am using it on a desk that is on the very edge of the desk and a little high, so it's not a big deal.  I am not a fan of the plastic case, but it does the job.  The only issue I have with this unit is the price of the components. I would pay a lot more if I could.  is this review helpful? Yes Yes Thursday, August 31, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I received a new computer with a 2nd hard drive and it was the WORST computer I have ever used. The keyboard was very hard to type with a big lump under my fingers. The touch pad had no sensitivity and the screen was so dim and unreadable. My other computer had been fine for a long time. I also purchased the game and I am not a fan of the graphics. I played the game with the mouse and it looked very nice and crisp. My problem is the fact that the computer is very loud. I have no idea why my parents bought this. It is so loud that my neighbors could hear me playing the computer at the same time. My parents should have known that this computer is for older people. It does not have a keyboard and you cannot do anything with the screen except scroll. I don't want to play games on it. I will buy a different computer in a few months to give it to my brother. This is not a good buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device works well in that it does what it was supposed to do. However, the cable that comes with it is poorly constructed, and is very fragile. I would never recommend this product, but if you are in a bind and need to run a cable, this is the one to get.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mrw from great product Works great. I bought it for a new job and was glad I did. I am very pleased with the quality of this product. It does what its supposed to. It's simple and elegant. I can't wait to use it for my next job.  the product is well made the cable is not. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I was so excited about the purchase of this speaker when it arrived. I had just bought a set of new speakers and the sound quality of my new speakers had not been good at all. So I was very excited to see the quality of this pair. But, my disappointment began when I started to listen to the audio, and I could not tell the difference. The sound is very muddy and very un-musical. I am not sure if it was the quality or the fact that the speaker is a wireless model. I will give it a 5 star rating but the 4 star rating is for the price, it is not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my samsung smart watch for a little over a month now, i use it for fitness and its pretty great. i bought it with the intention of using it on my home office but have found myself using it to listen to music at work. it is definitely better than the old bluetooth device i had. however, theres one thing about the smart watch that is just weird. i can connect it to my phone and have it play music but when i try to use the touch screen to select the songs to play the music stops playing and the touchscreen doesn't respond. it's not a huge deal but it just seems a little weird to me. this is probably my first samsung device and i am still learning. ive only used the watch on my phone so far and the software has been a little rough around the edges but its a good product so far.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The Samsung Galaxy S5 has some really cool features and it's got a really nice camera too. I like that it has a headphone jack, but it's too small to be a headphone cord. I can only use it as a charger so it's really just an expensive cord. There's also the fact that I have to remove the back cover in order to put the phone in the case and that is really annoying. I'm glad that it is waterproof and I like the fact it has wireless charging. But for the price I expected a lot more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s+ - great battery life, great screen, but the device has to be put in its case when it gets wet and this has not been the case in all the rain I've been out in. - January 11, 2016I have had the same problem with my 6S+ for years!  Reviewer: Anonymous - favorite favorite favorite - October 10, 2014  Subject: I have had this device for 3 years now I have this device since it came out. I have no problem with it. The only thing I wish was improved was the screen brightness control. I can get the screen lit but if I don't look at it the screen will go black after 10-15 minutes of inactivity. The best part about it is the battery life. I use this to watch Netflix movies. - October the 10,2014I have  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great phone I have used the S6 Edge, S6 edge+, Edge+ and the Galaxy S6 for years. The S6 line is great. This is my third device from Samsung and it's a great device. Battery life is great, camera is great and everything is easy to use. I recommend this phone and they should keep it on the market for longer.  Review of DJ2W1L7C from B-Sides  I bought my first Samsung device as a teenager, a S3. I was hooked. I bought a Galaxy S2 for my wife. We were both disappointed with the S3's slow processor and poor cameras. We ended up buying the S4, which I now use to this day. My last device was the Note 4 and I have now put over 1,000 hours on it. I've used it for over a year, and it is still running at a smooth 60fps. This phone is still performing just as I want it to. I would recommend this device to anyone. , so much better than the old version. I like the new design, the new screen is really good.The phone is not as powerful as the Note 3, but it is a lot better.  I think the only problem with this device is that it is hard to get the case on/off, but other than that, great phone.  (B-SIDES)  by J.D. M. - November 23, 2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now. it works well enough, it has a nice size and is pretty comfortable to hold. i like that it has 2 settings for charging, i can charge it to full in an hour and charge to half in half an hour. it does have 2 problems though. first is the charging port. the usb port is very hard to charge and it gets very hot when charging. it also gets very noisy, but the usb plug is very small and i just keep moving it around until it is hot enough. second is the battery life. i get a little less than half an hr of battery life from a full charge, and a little over an hour from a half charge. it takes about an hour of charging and about 5-10 minutes of unplugging to get to the same level of battery power. but the other thing that is annoying is the vibration. it is nice and strong, but it can get quite loud when it is vibrating. i just find it annoying. Overall it is a good product and a great value, but i think the battery issues could be solved with a little work on the charging unit.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from Great little accessory I'm very happy with this little product. I use it with my iphone to charge it from my computer, and the cord is flexible enough to not be uncomfortable. I have the battery compartment on the bottom for easier access and the battery is nice, not cheap and not flimsy.  The only reason why I'm giving it 5 stars instead of 4 is that it does not fit with the charger in the box that came with the device. I found that it didn't fit with my charger that came in the packaging.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for two years and it has a hard time staying on my phone and i am getting a new phone next month. theres only a couple of things i like about it other than the screen it has but i was using this thing everyday for a year before i got a better one.  by: Anonymous on 04/24/2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "The most annoying thing about this phone is that it does not use a microSD card slot, which makes formatting and backing up your phone and other files a complete pain in the ass.   I have the Galaxy S3 on Verizon and I have not been able to get this phone to work at all. The battery life is terrible, and I don't even know why Verizon is making the S3 over this.  , you can't even make a call while it's on. If you buy this phone, do not expect to use it. It is not worth it, not worth paying the $150 for it and not being able to do much with it. You can't go on Verizon Wireless and buy it with a nano sim card, but you can get a SIM card from any other place. That's the only thing you get out of this phone."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for over a year now and the only issue i had was with the battery. every time i plugged it in to charge it would die. the charger itself is ok. but if you buy this and then have to go to the store to get a replacement battery for it, you are gonna spend a lot of money on a brand new device.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________I've used this to connect my stereo and have not been disappointed in the way it works, but the design is very flimsy. The power cord is flimsy and breaks easily. The case is very thin, not as durable as I would like. It would be much better if the case was just slightly thicker to keep it from being so flimsy, but that's really not a problem because it's cheap. I am also very disappointed that the battery is only 6v which I would expect to use the battery more often. The price is a bit steep for a $10 device. I also have a better stereo and I find this unit to be very difficult to use. I do like the remote but it is hard to use without the volume and power controls being on the remote.The only thing I would say to those looking to get an iPod touch is that it is much cheaper than the iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I just bought a new Apple laptop, and I don't want it to crash or die on me...  -Andrew   Current devices: iMac, Macbook Air, MacBook Pro  iPad (2nd gen)  G4 (5th gen)   "I like it, but you need to be able to do more with it than just look at the screen." ____________________I like in it, so long as you can get some of the functions of the MacBook Pro that aren't on the Air...-Andrew
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I used this for my home studio and it has performed well. The problem is that the buttons are all on the left and the right side and I can't use the front buttons at all.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 30, 2016  Works well  by Andrew from Ocala FL USA  Review: Works well. Very compact and portable. .  in a hurry to do some recording on a cheap mp3 player that has a limited range.  of the best for my needs  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Andrew from San Diego, CA USA .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a bad product. My new Samsung has a lot of problems. The problem is that I had to replace it within two months because the screen cracked when I had the battery removed to repair it. The replacement does not fit in the original battery. I can not return it. It is so frustrating to be able to get a good quality product for less money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very good device, it does everything I wanted it to do and then some, the only drawback is that it is a bit slow. If you are looking for a small electronic device to play your favorite CD's on and have the option to control the volume and skip tracks with your cell phone, this is the one for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a samsung iphone 4 for almost a year and a half now and i have to say its not a very good phone. the main problem is the screen quality is so bad you cant use the phone to call someone if you want to talk on the phone. i bought this phone as my second phone because i like the android software and the fact that the phone was so cheap and has a really good battery life. so now i have the most awful screen quality when talking to anyone. even if i use a good headset the sound comes out horrible. i also have to use my finger to tap on the screen to make the letters appear. this phone has so many problems that it should not be made available to the public. the phone is also really hard to use. you have to hold it at an angle which makes the phone hard to hold and makes it harder to use and the screen is also so big and big that i have no way to see my fingers on the touch screen. also, when i try to call my wife i have an issue with the phone being out of order. when i call her she has to call me back and she has no idea that i am still using the phone and the whole time i am holding the phone she is not saying anything to me. it is just so frustrating to use the iPhone or any other phone when you can get the Samsung for $20 less than the price of this phone. ive only had this phone for 3 days but i can already see the damage it will have to the screen and the battery life in the next month or two. i just dont see the point of this product anymore.  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: Anonymous - Verified Buyer I have had this product for about a year now and I have never had any problems with it. The phone itself is a solid device and I've been pleased with the performance of it. However, I have been having a hard time with the sound on this phone, and it has been bothering me for a while. I've tried everything I can think of to fix it but nothing seems to help. I'm going to have to throw it out.  for anyone thinking about this phone: first, make sure that you purchase the correct version. the one I received was a generic version and it worked perfectly. I used it to text a friend and we were able to speak in person. The battery life is very good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased a new laptop to replace an older one. The new laptop was very quiet, but my old one had a huge problem - the fan was always blowing a huge cloud of dust everywhere. When the laptop stopped working, I realized it was the dust that was to blame. I replaced the fan with a small one I got at Radio Shack and the problem has been fixed.   What I like:  • It's cheap and lightweight  - No problems with battery life.  *  I like the ability to customize my own fan noise. I'm not sure if it's enough to really notice the difference, but it's there and it makes a big difference.  . , I really wish they made a version with a built-in screen. The built-ins on the old laptop were very annoying.   the new one is pretty light and doesn't feel like a heavy piece of equipment, which is nice, but you will be paying for the fans (and batteries) and the screen. I haven't tried the battery yet so I don't know how long it will last. The fans and screen have a long warranty, but the batteries and hard drive (I'm using a 500 GB SSD) don't have. That may be the reason why the batteries don't last as long as they do on the previous laptop. I've read some other reviews complaining about the batteries being too low, but I haven  .  in addition to the fans and the battery (the screen has an issue with them not lasting as long). I bought it because it's so cheap and I was hoping to use it to replace my old laptop. It's not the best or the most expensive thing I've ever bought, but they are pretty good. The biggest complaint I have is that it has an awful fan noise, and I'm really glad I upgraded. I was going to buy a new one because I already had a bad one, but if you want a nice little portable device and don't mind having a few issues, it's a good deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone 5 and the ics 2, and the only reason i switched to the ixl was because it was better looking than the 5. the 5 wasnt any better, the screen wasnt bright and its just not as good as the 5, and its been like that since the 5 came out.   if you want an iphONE that looks like a phone, get the iv. it is a really good looking device.  Great Buy - but... I've been a long time Apple user, but the ixtap is just a little too big and heavy for my tastes. It's a great product though. , the ictap is a great looking device but the price is a little steep. I love the design and functionality of the igm and i think it would be a great phone for my son. I think he is a big fan of the iPhone 6s Plus and it would look really nice on his 5.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This product will only work with a phone that is already in use. The sound quality is poor, the picture is terrible. I will be looking for a different product, as I am very disappointed.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Product I am using this in my RV for a video. It works well but needs to be in a box with good ventilation.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone. I've been with Apple for years, but it has been the first time I bought a new phone. It was so bad, that I took it back to Apple and they gave me a refund. They had no replacement for me, and there was nothing that I could do with the device. The phone is so bad that I am not able to use it. It's so bad I had to replace it myself because it was so unstable. I have been in a bad financial situation for years and was just looking for something new, I had a hard time going to a store and buying a new device. I'm now back with Apple and I'm glad I did, but this is not the right phone for me. It has a bad camera, bad screen, and bad sound. It needs a software update to make it a lot better. I would not recommend it.  No longer happy with this purchase!  I've been a long time iPhone user, but decided to upgrade to the latest version of iOS. I purchased my iPhone 6 and couldn't wait to get started. I was so excited to start using it. After a few days I was having trouble with my new phone, the battery was draining fast, the display had black lines in it, and I had no control over the camera. I went back to my old iPhone 6, which has been great since I bought it in 2013. After the battery went out on my old phone, I returned to my new 6. After about a week the screen went out, the phone became very unstable, and the camera was just terrible. I returned it and bought a Motorola Moto G. It is still a great phone, but I won't be purchasing another Apple product.  the most annoying thing about my new Motorola Moto g is the camera! I use a camera to record my videos of my dog. The camera is very hard to focus, and it just takes forever to focus. It doesn't take any pictures, but when it does, it just does so very blurry. I can't do anything about this, but there must be a way to get a decent picture with this camera. Also, the camera doesn't have any sort of manual controls. I think I have to just hold down a button to get the pictures that I want. I don't mind holding down the button, but that is it. I will continue to use my Apple product, but after using this Moto G, I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery is not charged very fast and I can't get the charge indicator to light up. If you are using this to charge the batteries on a PC, I'd be very disappointed.   So I've had this unit for about a month and it has been working flawlessly, however I just want to say I am very disappointed in the battery life. My computer has a dual core Intel CPU and a NVIDIA GTX 570, so this thing should have been able to keep up. I have to use this thing for an hour to get a decent charge on a 20% charge. I'm going to go buy a second one just to get some extra charge. So I've got a $200 machine that's not even making it through a full day of use! I'm also not sure if the power brick will be a problem as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm sorry, I can't really go into detail about this product, but I'll tell you that it was disappointing. I bought it for my brother and he loves it, but when I tried to connect it to my computer, it wouldn't let me. I'm a computer guy, and this is really disappointing. So far, I have been using this as an alarm clock. It's not the most sophisticated alarm clock, but it is the only one I have found that is reliable. I don't think I'll be purchasing it again.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s plus was not worth the money. When I first got it, I was excited because I was tired of all the problems with my iphones. I plugged it in and started it up and then the screen went black and wouldn't turn on again. It didn't turn back on when I pressed the power button. It wouldn't start on my macbook. I have to restart the phone with a computer and it turns on but the screen is completely black. It's not the phone but it is a total nightmare.  More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I am very disappointed with this device. I bought this about 2 weeks ago to be able to play music and record my phone calls. I use a wireless headset to listen to my music and a bluetooth speaker to make phone calls but I could never get a connection. This device is a waste of money and is only good for recording and playing music. I had to use my old bluetooth speakers to listen, it's so small and weak!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this device for about 6 months now. It is a great device to use for taking photos.  There is a wide range of different settings to tweak and adjust.  It does take a little bit of getting used to.   Overall, I really like this device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the t-mobile iphone 5 for a while now but i am extremely unhappy with the iphones lack of support for the new iphONE5s. when i have problems with my iphONES 5 it only seems to respond to their website or google. i cant get it to work at all. i have had it for almost a year now and after using it for about 4 days now the screen is still cracked on the back and ive had to return it. i am really unhappy with these devices and would not buy a t-mo phone again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5   The sound is not as good as the last ones. I think that's because the mics are not very sensitive anymore, and I feel like it is not even good quality. I bought this for my son for his birthday because it was the only phone he wanted to use and we did not have one. He said it was great, but it is a bit loud for him. It has a good sound quality but not as great as other devices I have. The design is great, and it is nice to be able to see the time and date, but the sound is really bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________ This is the first i bought this kind of electronic device and it is a bit difficult to turn on, it is too easy to turn off, and it has a bad vibration, I have had this product for a year and it did not work well. I had to return it. I am not going to buy a second one, but I am going to give this device 2 stars because I like that it is simple and easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device was the first time i used a Bluetooth headset and i found it to be very hard to use. There is a small cable with 3 buttons which is not enough to keep the volume low and the headset works very well but it can be annoying to hear the sounds.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 28, 2017  Very good headset for the price  by Richard from Los Angeles CA USA  Review: Good sound quality, simple and comfortable.   Was it Helpful to have this item? Yes Yes Monday, September 10, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this because I am an electronics geek, and I really like it. However, I am very disappointed. The first day, I used it, and it worked perfectly. The only thing that's the problem is that it is very noisy. It is very loud, and has a terrible speaker. I cannot stand it. I have to close my eyes. When I opened them, I could hear it as if someone was playing a CD player. I also feel very uneasy with it. This is a very cheap device. I wish it had a better sound and better design. It will do very little.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Thank you for your feedback
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone calls on the new iPhone 6+ were great but the new phone has a huge problem:  "I got the new iphone 6, and I love it, but I have the same problem as the 5. I got the phone on a promo code.  It worked, and then I got a message that said "This device cannot be used in Australia".  The only way to fix this is to buy a new one, and this is a big step up from the old one, which I still love, but if the same problems come up in two years, I might not bother.  "   And if that doesn't make you happy, you probably have a very bad attitude and need to re-evaluate your life.  You may even want to look at my " 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I'm an old-school computer user and I'm not much of a fan of the new gadgets that come out. I thought I was going to be happy when I found this device. I have been using my old CRT TV for about 10 years now. The picture is very clear and it works as a monitor. But, the picture is really very bad. The black level is too bright, the colors are all washed out and there is a very bad lag when you play back an image. It's very frustrating to watch TV and not be able to see anything. Also, the sound quality is poor. I really like the idea of the video mode, but the quality of the picture just sucks. Also the fact that the sound can be turned off is a great idea, but this does not work as advertised. I am still using my CRT, but I will be going back to the older TV I bought.  Good Value, Bad Picture I bought this TV to replace my CRTs which had gone bad and my son has also bought this to replace his old tv as it is cheaper to replace it with this one  Very Nice TV I was not a big fan of this TV when I first got it. But I decided to see if I liked it better after a few months and I am glad I did! This is one of the best looking televisions on the market, it is very well built, bright and very easy to use. I like the large screen size, the color is good and the picture quality is very good. I also like the remote that comes with it and that is easy to navigate. The sound quality of this tv is not good. There is a small echo that can be heard from time to time. Overall I am happy with my purchase and it was a good price for the quality. I would recommend this tv to anyone who wants a great TV. -Linda  Nice TV I love this TV. It is very nice for a great price. The only thing is the picture gets better over time. I recommend it to anyone that wants a good looking TV and is not afraid of a little lag.  a lot of options for this TV  -Troy  Excellent TV I just bought this television about a month ago and I can't wait to get it home. The screen is amazing and it is easy on the eyes. I purchased it as a backup to my 50 inch Samsung T9
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________  This is a great unit, but it's not what I expected. I got this to use with my laptop. I have a very old Dell laptop that I've been using for many years. The unit has a great interface, and it's very easy to set up. The only problem is the sound quality. The speaker is barely loud enough for the small speaker box I have on the laptop. But, it gets the job done. The built-in microphone is good, and the USB ports are very good. However, I don't use the web camera, and I don.t use the internal microphone to record video, so I really don't care about the microphone's audio quality. It's a great price, but I'm not sure I would recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a pico projectors for a few months now. the screen isnt very good. the image isnt sharp, and is washed out. the colors are a bit washed out, too. the picture quality isnt good, either. but i am willing to put up with the screen issues. its an expensive projector, so its a small price to pay for the picture. it would be better if it had better colors. but, i am still willing to give it a shot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I had a problem with this little gadget. When it was working fine for me, it started to do the same thing every time. I took it to a tech support person and she was able to troubleshoot it and fix it. I called and they sent me a new one which works well now. I've been very satisfied with the products from this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5 screen broke in a couple weeks ive been using it for 3 months now and its just broken. the screen broke the moment i took it out of the box. i will not buy another iphoney again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jb from works perfectly i have had the ipod 3 for a year. It is a great device. i used to be a full time software developer. i also used to use a iphones and this one is a lot better. the size is perfect, i cant wait for my ipod 4 to come out so i can upgrade.  and the price point is perfect for my needs. i dont have a lot of money to spend on a device, so i was thrilled to find this one and it is great  I just want to say thank you for your product. It works flawlessly with my iPad and I love it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had this for several years now and it has been great. It is easy to operate, the buttons are small and very responsive, the speakers are good, the control buttons are easy to use, the screen is a little small but its a lot better than my old one, and it comes with a usb cable so i can connect it to my computer and use it as a monitor or a phone. It also has a battery pack which is a plus and I love the fact that its battery life is long. It has some slight problems with the screen, like the blue screen but thats about it. I really do love this device and wish I had bought it years ago.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a year. it gets the job done, but it's not very pleasant to use and I'm still learning how to use it. It's an OK device, just not great, but i'm not going to give up on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a pd42 for a few years now, it works great as an external sound device but it doesnt have an internal headphone jack and i cant connect it to my mp3 player. the other thing is the volume is very loud and i can hear everything but the bass isnt as good as my cd player which is a cd player with a big bass, i have to use the volume controls on my cd players to turn the volume down. so i think its a very poor choice of a device for music or movies, not worth the $.00.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! It took a while to receive the product because of the time it takes for them to get back to us. It's a good product but there are better.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: mr.dave
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I have been searching for a new bluetooth speaker that will sound decent without the loud buzzing. I was able to find the new speaker for $25 on amazon.com, but I think it's a great deal if you get the best. It is a good sounding bluetooth, but the sound is not very clear. I will be looking for something better, but if I can find a good bluetooth sound system that doesn't require batteries, this speaker is a very good bargain.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Joe M from A good value bluetooth speakers with good sound I bought these to replace my old speakers, they are great and sound good. If you want to go wireless this one is great, and I like the fact you can hook it up to a computer or a tv. The only thing I would change is to have an outlet in the back so I can charge the batteries. The battery is a bit tight and they don't have the most comfortable sound, but for the price, it's great.  and the bluetooth works great I use these speakers a lot to listen to music and podcasts.  to top it all off, they fit into my new MacBook Air perfectly. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ipod shuffle for years and the problem is the playstation 3 only supports the ipods shuffle and the mp3 players, the ipad shuffle doesnt work. i got this ipod for my son and its not worth the money for the shuffle only. i wouldnt buy this ipad again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s iphones are junk, the buttons and buttons are mushy, the screen is horrible and there is a tiny problem with the speaker.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very bad design and quality Very bad quality for the price. Not very good design. It's a very simple thing. You have a button and a speaker. But the button is small and hard to use. The speaker is tiny and loud. The phone is very unstable. You can feel it vibrating very loud when it is on the screen. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- ------------------------- I have to give this product 1 star, because it is not good at all. I am using it in the car, and I can see when I'm not paying attention. But it has the biggest problem, it only works in the dark, when the lights are off, because I had to turn off the lights and the cell phone and the flashlight so the battery can last. I have the biggest trouble getting it to work, and it will not charge. But if I use a powerbank it charges great. And when it does charge, it's very weak. The only good thing is that the battery has a built in battery saver, so when it gets low it can keep charging. But, if I were to buy this again, I would not get the charger. It is not very good. I wish I had gotten a cheaper one, but I had a good experience with a local dealer, and they have no trouble working on my phone. But I would get a different one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the phone for a little over a year, but ive gotten a few drops, and every time they get plugged back in, theres a loud beep and it wont work for a while. the screen and the buttons get all black. Ive bought two other phones that were more reliable, but this is my last one. I will be looking for a different brand in the future.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Tommorow from Poor quality product. I have a new phone. I bought it for my husband to use for his work computer and for my computer. When it came, it did not work. I called them and they told me to return it and give them a refund. I had to call back a couple of times and finally they told that they could not refund my money because the phone is defective. It is very difficult to set up and use. I gave it one star because the customer service is terrible. . ,  Rating: did not receive this item, however I did not return it. it has worked well for me for the past year. I used to have a Motorola flip phone but have never used a cell phone that worked so well.  is this a good phone?  i am so dissapointed that i did not like this phone. The screen is very low resolution, and the phone itself is very flimsy and has a lot of flex in it, so its not going to be good for holding up your things. its not even good for reading and surfing the internet, its a flimsy phone, its only for talking. The only good thing is that the battery life is pretty good, but not amazing, maybe 3 to 4 hours a day. it is the worst cell phone I have ever had in my life, but at least it is a good quality one. i am so mad about this, because it is my only cell phone.  the only good part is that you get a 2 year warranty!  My phone was a LG Galaxy S4  I gave this a 1 Star because: The screen was very bad. It was like reading through a newspaper printed on the side of the wall. The camera was not so good. It took pictures with a flash and they were grainy. The phone does not have a lot to show for the price. Its not going anywhere.  a good camera and a good battery life, if its not good to be a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing since i bought it and it has never been able to charge up and it will never do it on it's own. if you buy it, buy a better one!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome product! This is a great portable charger! It charges my ipod on one side and my ipad on the other! It does not need to be connected to anything for it to charge and it is the perfect size for taking with me everywhere! ,  Thank you.  5 out of 6 people found this review helpful Very good product. Works well and is easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "I had this for a month, and I can't recommend it to anyone. I bought this for an old computer that had been collecting dust, and this thing was a big upgrade. I was afraid it would not work, but I was wrong. When I connected it to the computer, I was greeted by a pop-up screen that said the battery was low. I told it to turn itself on, and it did so after a minute or two, but the computer kept freezing. I tried to connect to it through an Ethernet cable and it wouldn't connect to the network either. I contacted customer service, but it took a week for them to return my phone, and another week for the computer to work again. I would not recommend this product."   I am glad to say that the customer service at Tech Support Plus was very helpful and accommodating. The techs were extremely helpful and very patient with my concerns, and they are very happy to answer any questions you may have. I will certainly recommend them to my friends.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a cheap computer mouse for years, and it's a terrible piece of junk. the buttons are flimsy, and the scroll wheel is too sensitive to the slightest of pressure. the mouse itself is very light and easy to use. i got the mouse with the usb, but it doesn't work with the bluetooth dongle. there is a small wire at the base of the mouse that connects to a usb port on the computer, but the blu-ray player i use doesn't have the same port, so i had to purchase a USB to USB cable to use it with my blu-tray player. the blu ray is just fine, but i can't use the mouse on my computer. i will be looking for a different mouse.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very Satisfied I am happy with my purchase. Very easy to install and works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I have this device and it has worked flawlessly for 2 years. But recently the battery on the device has gone dead. Now I have to order another one. The problem with this product is that it is very heavy and takes a lot of power to operate. It was a very good product until the battery went dead. I would recommend this product but be aware that it takes a huge amount of power for it to work. I have used the device in my bedroom for the past 2 years without any problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this device for a couple of years now and I'm sorry but it has a very poor build quality and a very low resolution screen. I was very excited to get this as it was only $150 at Best Buy and I was really looking forward to playing my old games on it. I bought the new Xbox One X but my original Xbox One is still working fine. It is a shame because the old Xbox is so awesome and I don't see why they would take the Xbox One out of production. The game I was playing was Call of Duty 4 and it was so amazing and fun. I'm sure a lot of you will be disappointed but I'm just really disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the m7s for about 2 months now and the mic is a real problem. it sounds like it is missing a mic input and has no mic jack on it. and when i do turn on the m6 and plug it into the usb to charge the mic the volume goes to 0. there is no way to control the mic volume on the phone. i had to take the m5 and switch it off and plug the m4 into the mic input on the mic and i am now enjoying it. also the usb port is not very stable and i have had to turn the volume up and down quite a few times to get it to work. but i think thats the only problem that i have with the m3s. its a good buy for the money but ill probably buy a better one next.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Matt from Very good and cheap I've had this phone for a couple of months now. The first couple of days I was very happy with the phone, but after a few weeks of use I found that the voice dialing feature is buggy. The phone dials a few digits, but then it stops. After the phone stopped ringing, I restarted the phone and voila. the dialer works again. This is a very cheap phone, I would recommend buying a better model instead of this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having a bad experience with this one. ive purchased two of these in the past year. once i got the one with a working mic and speaker i got it hooked up to my pc. after that ive had it for a few months, ive started to hear a hissing sound coming from the unit, and ive also noticed that the device wont turn on, and that the sound isnt that good. this one has a problem. i think i will be getting a different model in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item after reading a review saying it would make a good home computer for the elderly. I don't understand how they were expecting this to be that and the price was too good to be true. I am so disappointed with this product. It has no hard drive and the screen is tiny. The mouse is not good at all. I will never purchase a product from this company again.  by: jim h on 9/12/2016 5 out of 5 stars Disappointed Not bad. Not quite as good as my old desktop but I do use it for writing some emails, etc. I'm going to get a couple of these for my other computers as well. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen is very low resolution and there is no menu button at the bottom, just a small black box.   As for the phone, it is a big fat brick of a phone, the screen size makes it awkward to use. There is no battery at all, you have to plug it in and get it charged, which is really annoying because it takes a long time to charge, the phone only has a button to turn on wifi and Bluetooth and it just gets you to the main screen.  .  I bought this phone because I was very frustrated by the Samsung Galaxy S4 and I wanted a more high end device, however it seems the quality of the build is a lot lower than Samsung's. It's still not the worst phone, but I'd rather buy a Sony or a Nexus 5. I'm really sad that there are no options for this phone, if it was offered I'd buy it, but as it is it is just a brick of an item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product and after a couple of weeks I noticed the buttons on the keyboard were sticking and not registering the typing on the screen.   The product itself is ok but I'm not a big fan of the case it comes in. I found a smaller case on amazon that is a better choice and the only reason I didn't give this product 4 stars is the price.   the only way to get a good price is to buy a second hand one.   of course the price is a little high considering the quality of the product but I would rather spend a bit more money on something I really like instead of buying a cheap one that's just ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned two sony's for the past couple years, the first one i had the original sony, its ok its a good camera but the second one i got the sony a6300, its a much better camera, the a6330 is a little more expensive but the a6500 is a better camera in almost every way. im going to keep the s6300 but probably get the a6100 and replace the a6210 with the a6000 when i can afford it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's too bad the Apple iPad is no longer available. I would've had a much better experience with this device. It's too small and has an awful backlight. The only positive thing is that it can hold more apps, but it's still way too small to hold all my books.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I am extremely disappointed in the sound quality of the device. I bought this so that I could listen to the podcasts on the way to work on my commute. I was very pleased with the sound until I tried to play my podcasts while on the road. It's a great device but the quality of sound was so bad I couldn't hear anything. It also has a very low battery life, only lasted an hour or so before it died. The other thing that annoyed me about the device is the remote control. The remote control has buttons for volume, play/pause, play next, and skip forward. These buttons were not working when I bought it. The only thing that worked were the buttons to skip to the next or previous podcast. Not the best way to control a device if it's supposed to be a remote. I would not recommend this device at all.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 22, 2011  This is a very good device!  by Christopher from Waverly, IL USA  Pros: Works well with my iPod. The best sound quality out of all my other MP3 players. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used it on a laptop for a few months now. i really like the touch screen but the sound is horrible and the battery is so small it doesnt last very long. i had to replace my battery. i am considering a second one but am also considering a different brand. ive only had it a month now but i wouldnt trust it with my laptop.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: kpaulsonstore
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** This is the most difficult thing i've ever had to repair. i have two of these and i am having a hard time getting it to function at all. the screen will turn on and off and then it will just blank out, but the power button will not turn on. I have been using the wireless router as my modem, and the router has had its issues, and this is not the first one either. The other thing i did not like about it is that the usb port is only 4-5 pins, not 8 like i had assumed it would be, but still, its better than the one i had before. i also have a samsung smart tv and i don't know how i am supposed to use this. the only problem is that when i go to play music on the TV, the remote controls don't work, and i can't control anything on it. The samsung tv works fine, so i am pretty sure that i'm missing something. ********************  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: e-commerce_usa
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the worst purchase ever. The speaker is very weak and the unit is very hard to get in and out of the case. My girlfriend bought this for my daughter as a birthday present. It is hard to use. It takes 2 people to get it in and we can only get one in at a time. The box it comes in is extremely cheap. There are many more better speakers for the money. I had to return it and buy another for my son. This is a very poor product and you will not be satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ After purchasing the eGo one I was excited to try it but was not so pleased. I've only been using it for a few days and it has already leaked and started to leak a lot. It's leaking very quickly and is very hard to fill. I am also disappointed because the battery life is only 3-4 weeks. This is definitely a case of too much expectation from an electronic device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! this device is a bad, BAD device. I got this for my kids because my son has a weak heart. He had his pacemaker replaced by a different company and he uses this and his pacemakers. It is hard to change the batteries because you have to remove the battery, screw it in, then insert a new one. It doesn't have the power to last a full day. The first few times we used it he was so happy. Now he wants to know what we are going to do to get the batteries replaced because it won't last 2 days. If you need a pacemaker and need a good device for the price, this is not the one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The original model did not have the ability to play back CDs. This one has the ability, but it's a shame because it's much better than the original. I've got three of these. The only thing that has changed since I bought them was the CD function. I got these to replace an old, dead one I bought. I used them in my computer room and they work fine, but I'm afraid that the fact that they're not CD compatible will keep me from using them as much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I'm not sure how well it will perform. It seems to have a lot of issues. The batteries (and I believe the charger too) are very weak and the charger doesn't even last a week. I've tried different brands of batteries and I have had no luck with any of them. The screen is very dim and there is no backlight. I would not recommend this device at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I have been a fan of the e-reader for several years. I purchased a Nook Color a few years ago and have used it ever since. However, this one has been a huge disappointment. I have had it for almost a year and it still does not get the full benefit out of my reading material. The screen can't display large pictures and has terrible lighting. The buttons on the back of the device are extremely hard to hit, and it's a real pain to flip the pages back and forth on the device. This is not an e-book reader and I'm very disappointed in this one.  More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a good unit but it has a problem that can be a big problem. When you plug the power in, the unit will not turn on. I can't get the power to turn on, even after doing everything the manufacturer recommended to try. I have already had to call Apple about this issue. It is a real problem and is an example of a problem in a good device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was in the market for an alternative to my old laptop and I was going to buy this thing but i found out that this thing is just a copy of the Apple ipad that costs a whole lot less. I have been using this device for about 3 months now and the first time i used it i was a bit skeptical about its performance. It worked fine for a while but then the screen started to go off. The second time i went to use it i went into the appstore and i downloaded a game called "Wizard of Oz" and when i started it, the screen went off. I contacted support and they told me to call Apple. They also told me that the screen is a bit old and i had to send it to apple to be repaired but no one at apple had the phone number of this person who was at apple.  I thought that i would just wait till they had the information but after about 3 weeks of using the device and i got the message that i had broken the screen i decided to take it back to Apple store. They told me the price that i could get it repaired at apple and they gave me a coupon for $50 off of it and then told me i had 2 days to decide if i wanted to pay for the repair or not. I went to the store and i told them that i will pay for it. The manager asked me what the problem is and i said that the monitor isnt working and it wont turn on. The woman at the store told me not to worry about it and she would fix it. So i waited about 2 weeks and i couldnt get the monitor to turn on and it wasnt going to turn off either. I finally called the store again and told them i want to be able to use my ipad as my computer because it is just so much better. The lady on the phone told me it was a great computer but i dont want to pay $100 for it so she told me she can fix it for $100. Then i told her that the ipad isnt even the same model as my ipod. Then she told i have to pay a $99 restocking fee for the ipod and i was very upset that i got so cheated on the ipos. I didnt get the ipads that i wanted for $99 but i got what i wanted at the price i paid for it! I just hope that this company changes their policies and that i can get my
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the same thing for 6 years, no problem, only 3 issues: 1: after it has cooled down, it becomes difficult to open the case, it's hard to get it open, i cant get it out because of the cable coming out of the case. it is really annoying. 2: it is hard to use, the usb is hard, and you cant get the power supply in, the case is so small, the power cord comes out of it so hard, you cant just plug it in. 3: the battery is bad, it dies after 4 months. all in all, the product is fine.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome! This thing is amazing. I have a small PC on my work bench that I use all the time, but it is getting to be more of a necessity now that I have the space. The included keyboard is great, but the size of the USB port is just huge for the small PC I have. This is perfect, it will work with any of my other devices. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace my iMac which has been replaced a few times. The new iMac was a better device and more affordable but this one is a pain. First off, it's hard to get a good connection to the iMac. I tried plugging my cable into the iMAC with the USB end facing down and it would work fine. However, if I plugged the USB cable into one of the ports, the iPort and Thunderbolt cables worked fine. Then I got a little more creative and used the USB on one end to connect to the Thunderbolt port. Then when I plugged it into the other port it wouldn't work. I ended up returning it and I don't know if it's because the connector was so poor that it can't work with my computer.   Overall, it works, but it is hard to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the speakers are very poor and only work with 2-3 speakers. I have a Samsung TON of these devices and this one is the worst of them all. I would give it a 3 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product itself is good and I think I am getting a good deal for it, but the software is horrible. I cannot connect to the internet at all, so I can not download any applications. I tried to buy a new wireless keyboard for my PC, and I cannot get any wireless keyboard software to work, so if you have one, buy the older one, it works better.   PROS: good for a home computer, but you get what you pay for   CONS: very bad software, and a total nightmare to use   This review was collected as part of a promotion
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since the 70's and it is the worst electronic device ive ever owned. it is very difficult to use. i had to put in a lot of effort to use it. ive owned other electronic devices and this one is the complete opposite. i can't even say its a good device. its just a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This product is the worst I've ever had. I ordered 2 of them because I needed a portable charger. After I opened the packaging, I was greeted by a broken screen. They have to fix this or get a new design. I have bought several other chargers and they are better.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, August 11, 2013  Best charger ever.    by J from Portland, OR USA  Pros: Works well  Cons: None  Review: I have had this charger for almost a year and it works like a charm. I also have a Garmin Edge 800 with an 800 mAh battery that I can charge at a moment's notice.  and you get a charge in about an hour. :)  Thanks again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a few months now, and i have had to replace the screen, back panel, battery and sd card every time. i'm a huge fan of android, and as i read the reviews here, i know that i should just stick with android. but i was really hoping for a good android phone. i am a heavy user of this phone.  Ive been using this phone since january and have been extremely pleased. The only issue i had was the screen. I replaced the screen twice before it finally broke. It is now the same screen that i used since it first came out. I also have a samsung galaxy s3 with a bigger screen. This phone is more powerful than the s3. The S3 was a really good phone. The battery life is great on this phone as well. It was the perfect phone for my wife and i use it constantly for work. The price is great too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this as a gift for my wife and she said it was not that great, but it did the job. The problem is that it has a tendency to go off the timer, and it also had a tendency not to be connected to the timer at all, so if the timer went off and the light went on, the light would stay on. She tried to find another timer for the same amount, but then it came with the light. So we both got the light but it was more expensive than we thought it was.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a dv4 for about 4 months now and im in the process of moving to a more powerful model (i bought the dv5). ive owned a couple of dv3's and the dvr4 is better but it still doesnt feel as good as my old dvr3. ive only used it once so far and its been a few days. i wish i bought this earlier but its hard to get a discount on a good product.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Tazzy from Good for the price I have the tv in my living room and it works fine for watching my favorite tv shows. When it comes to watching movies it just feels a little heavy in the hand. When I play a game on it it feels more than comfortable. It is definitely worth the money. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This is a poor product. I purchased this item from a local retailer and the battery on it failed within 1 week. It is a cheap item and the customer service is terrible. I called the store to have it replaced and the guy told me it was a problem with the power supply and he would replace it and get me a new one. I told him to send me a replacement. I tried to return it but the manager told me the store only accepts returns on items that are under $40 so it would be a waste of time.  Rated 5 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from I bought this because it was on sale. I love it. It's the only battery backup I have, and I live in the South. I was looking for something to get me through the winter. I like that it can be charged and then recharged while not in use. I had it for a few days, and the charge lasted the entire night. The battery is heavy and I have to be careful not to drop it. I'm very pleased.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- A very good device for what it is. I would buy this device again. -------------------------- This product does not work well with my Mac Mini 2, and I don't have the right cables for it. The only way I can connect to the USB port is to use a usb-cable adapter. I do not recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by bobby from Excellent product, great price I bought this product about a year ago. It was a little bulky and took a bit to get started, but the product worked great. I still have it and would buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone battery life is average at best.  There is no wireless charging. Â  I've had to charge it twice because it would not charge after about 8 hours of usage.    The sound quality is average.  The camera is not that good.  I bought this to use for taking pictures and movies on the go but it is not for that purpose.  It is great for taking calls though.  Overall I would recommend this to only the best of people and not the best at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is an excellent unit, but the problem is that there are some parts that need to be replaced or replaced, like the USB port connector, which needs to be removed and replaced (see picture). This can be very annoying and difficult to do, and is something that is going to require an electronic repairman.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  My wife bought the computer for me and I have to say that it works like a charm. It is a good computer but the mouse is too small for me. If they were to make a bigger mouse that would be great. The keyboard is good but not the best. The sound quality is OK. The software is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was skeptical at first, but I ended up getting this product for my wedding.  My wedding planner (also the bride) has a problem with her phone dying at night, and having to leave it with someone.  I had this for my bridal party, and the service is amazing!  I've been a bridesmaid twice already, and it is so convenient for me.   It has worked perfectly, and has saved me from having to have someone stay in my room all night to help me set up my pictures!   The quality of the pictures is incredible, and they all come out perfect, even on the camera that isn't charged with the battery pack.  It took about an hour to charge it, and I will be ordering another in the near future.  Thank you for making a great product! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s+ - I got a brand new phone. It was the first I had ever used. I tried it out in my living room and it's ok, I guess. I can't believe that they decided to replace it with the 7s. It's so cheap and not a good camera. It takes poor photos, and the software is just terrible. The camera has no features, no filters, no HDR. The only thing it has is the face recognition that can't even be used to delete people. It has no wifi and can't sync to my computer, so you can't use the camera at all. The battery is a joke too, it lasts 2 hours, and it only lasts 2 days. I get about 6 hours of use out of it. I was going to buy a cheaper phone but I can only afford the iPhone 7. I really want to love this phone but this is a complete disappointment. I've had this phone for a week and it still has no battery life.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: hhgf
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this because my computer had an optical disk drive and I wanted to play the CD's. Unfortunately the computer would not start up and then shut down without any error message. I returned the computer for a refund. I don't know how much money I spent on this, but I was very disappointed. I would not recommend this to anyone. I will not recommend any company to anyone, and the quality of the product is poor.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jay from I purchased this product to replace a broken optical drive. The optical drive worked and is great, as well as the computer itself.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I purchased this device in January of 2013 to play music. It's pretty much like a portable CD player, but not a CD player. I plugged it into my stereo system and it works great. The only thing I wish is that it came with a built in cd player, as the one that comes with the box is not very good, but works okay. I'd recommend this if you need a CD Player or if you just want to plug it in to play some music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a new laptop which works fine, but the battery life is horrible. I've only had it for two days, and the battery only lasts about 2 hours. I'm thinking of just throwing it away. Rating: I have been using my new  USB powered computer  for about 2 weeks.  It is working fine, and I'm very happy with it.   This computer is extremely fast and the   graphics    is beautiful.  I am so impressed with this product   that I bought a new computer for my son, and this one.  I really like the  customization   options   of the product.  The battery life   on this   seems to be very good.  However, the  storage   capacity   (it's 4 GB, not 2 GB as stated)   still is not as large as what I expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device is terrible! The batteries don't last more than 10-15 min. and they do not last very long either. It was nice to have an outlet on the side but I don't think it was necessary. You have to connect it via USB to your computer for the screen to work. The screen does not turn off, the computer screen stays on even when the device is off. Also the usb cable is long and it is difficult to use it. I will be returning it and getting the more expensive outlet.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not the way to go The idea is great, however the design is not the way it was originally designed. There is a hole in the middle of the usb plug. It's really hard to connect and disconnect the usb cord. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a sony ec3 for about 2 years now and i still have a hard time getting this device to work. ive gotten no signal and when i do it is almost always for 1 second then it goes off. its a good device but im just not a fan of the look of it or the software.  ive got my money back and wouldnt recommend this device if its not your first.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for about 2 years now. it has only one button and you have to keep tapping it to cycle through the different functions. i have a bad back, and it keeps popping the back on my head. i've tried to take it apart and everything. it doesnt pop back on. i dont think i have ever bought a bad product from this company. i just hope they make a better version in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** The only thing that I don't like about this device is the poor battery life. It doesn't last a whole day. I purchased the battery life and a second one because I can't be bothered with changing it every night and my phone's battery life is only good for about 2 hours. Other than that the quality of this product is fantastic and I would recommend it to everyone. I have used this product for over 3 months and the only problem I have is the battery. I bought it because the price was great. But the battery is a pain to change and I wish I would have purchased a different model. ********************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - I was excited about buying this item because I've been wanting a replacement for my old portable computer for a while now. The computer came in, but it's a pain to connect it to the charger because the case is so small. The USB cable is very thin and not a good connector for the size of the computer. The whole thing seems to be made out of cheap materials. I'm looking at using a small portable computer to replace my old one. I've only used the internet once with this thing, but I didn't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris B. from Awesome product The first thing I did with this device was to replace the battery. The battery was old and the phone wouldn't turn on. I called and they gave me a new one and that fixed the problem. The phone was still a little unstable and the audio was poor. I decided to put a little more effort into it and purchased the new LG E8000. I was skeptical at first. The LG phone I have had for years works great and this one was so much different. The color is much more vivid. The screen is more accurate and bright. The camera is better and better looking. The software is great. The interface is smooth and easy to use. The sound quality is very good and very clear. The only problem I have is that the phone has a horrible touch screen. It's a nice phone but it's so bad on the touch screen that it is useless. I will not be buying another LG phone because this one is just a waste of money. I have my doubts about this phone but if you have a LG phone this is the one to get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After 2 weeks of use the power cord broke and the batteries lasted 2-3 days of light usage (which isn't that much for a 50" TV). The screen was also very sensitive to screen glare and the color looked very washed out. I'm still using the TV and the only reason I gave this unit 2 stars is because the remote control worked ok but the menu is a pain to navigate and the controls are hard to use.  A great TV for a good price: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product because it was advertised as the best for my baby. However, my daughter has been throwing up since purchasing this. The vomit smell is awful and I have to put a plastic bag over her to keep her from spitting up. I have looked online for a replacement and all I can find is a defective device. I will be returning this device as soon as I get a refund and the refund does not cover the cost of replacing it. I hope this device gets better soon.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my broken computer mouse. It works perfectly except that it's too sensitive and it's way too small. I was able to click and move the cursor around the screen without having to move it in a way that made the cursor move fast enough. I have been using a mouse with a larger wheel for the last 5 years and it is much better. I am so disappointed with this item and I will not be buying any more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this phone for over a year now and its just a total failure. i purchased this phone a couple years ago because i needed a new phone and ive had a few and they've always been horrible. the screen is tiny and the camera is awful. i can see the white screen when i hold the phone in the dark and the cameras have a horrible "jello effect" when you shoot in the bright light. also the touch screen is horrible and is very hard to use. i cant use the backlight on this phone and it only charges with 2 pins. if you buy this phone you're going to be disappointed and have to return it. i recommend getting the dm1 if you want an easy to use phone.  Rated 1 out of 5 by David from It just got old I have been using this phone since it first came out and have loved it, however the past few months have been frustrating. I'm on the last bit of contract so I needed a replacement phone and was on T-Mobile for it so I went online and picked this up. It was cheap so I figured it would be okay, but I'm disappointed in the overall build quality and it's not waterproof so I can't use it outside in the rain. Also, the phone doesn't seem to be as fast as the one I have and I haven't gotten many updates either. I feel like this phone was just put together with low end parts and it seems to have no quality control. The only thing good is that the battery life is great.  a bad phone, bought it because i love the android experience.  and theres no warranty. i had to send it back to tmobile because it had a crack on the phone, and they wanted more money for it. "The first step to fixing anything is to admit it. There is something wrong here."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this ive been using this ived on a budget and wasnt able to get a better price so i bought it and ive never been able to fix the problem but i have read a lot about how to fix it so i thought i would give it a try. ive been using it on and off for a month now and iving with it everyday and its still a problem. it wont turn on it wont make a sound it cant get a signal. its the same problem over and over and i was hoping that maybe someone on here would be able to tell me how to do it because it doesnt seem to be working on it's own but the only thing i have found is that it has to be plugged in to charge. i think it might be faulty because i have to put the usb into a usb port and then into the device so i dont think its just a bad apple product. i am very disappointed. i was using a much better apple device with no issues but this one has ruined my apple i will be returning this item and iket apple ive used them all but this is the first one that hasnt worked. i would not recommend this to anyone but if you are looking for a good cheap iphone to try and if you can get past the problems that i have had then you can have a good one for the price but its only good if you really cant stand the bugs on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6 Plus: ikn4 2: ikea i7 with 6gb ram and ssd. no battery and terrible screen. bought for work but not at home. I was looking at it because I was interested in the new phone. but for me I was not happy with the product.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker is terrible. The volume is just way too loud. The speakers can get pretty hot. It doesn't come with a usb cable so if you're looking to replace your laptop speakers with an external one, this one won't be very good. If you're thinking of buying this, look elsewhere:  I can't get this thing to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few months now and the buttons are very sensitive. ive pressed it a few times with the "on" switch and it wouldnt turn on and wouldnt come on after turning it on.    I was trying to use it as an audio player and i have to turn the volume up a few notches.  This thing is a pain in the ass to use. I dont think i'll ever buy another.  Rated 1 out of 5 by kip from poor design I bought one of these for my husband to play on his mp3 player. He loved it, but it would not play at all. After a few days of trying to get it to work, he gave up and I replaced it. The new one also does not work. I have to keep changing it out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The first thing that I thought when I picked this thing up is "oh my God, there is no way this can actually work." When I plugged it in, it immediately started buzzing and I could tell something was wrong with it. The first time I tried to power it on, I thought it was broken, but I plugged in the charger and the light on it came on, so I thought I was good to go. Then I realized that there is a little bit of static electricity in the air between the unit and the computer. I checked the back of the charger. The connection has no solder on it. I called them and they said that they were working on it, but it's really annoying that they have to send a replacement unit and I have to buy a new charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in June for my office laptop.  Unfortunately, the first time I used it, I discovered that the touchpad would only respond to a hard click, no matter how hard I tried.    It is now my only laptop and I can't imagine using a touchpad on any other. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an arduino and a microchip based device. the arduino can be controlled from a computer via serial commands. however, if you want to program it, you need to download a lot of programs, and they are a pain to use. the microchip is a very nice little device but its just a little clunky. if you are just using it to control a camera or something like that, then it will work but for anything else, you would be better off with a real arduino or a micro-controller.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The screen was so low-resolution, the font so small, and the colors so drab. Also the sound is so low volume. So if you are reading an ebook, don't waste your money on this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a few months now and its still going strong, but the only problem i have is with the screen. when im on the computer i put my phone down and go to look at a different screen and it turns off and it doesnt come back on. im going to have to get another one because of this problem. also, when i first got it the speakers werent working so i put the phone in the case and i have never had a problem with it, now i have to buy a new one just to get it working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since october, i was very happy with it at first, but i had to switch to the pbx and it sucks! it works just as well as the apple one. the screen is very bright but the pictures look horrible and the sound is not as good. i bought a new one of the pbsx and its a good product, and the price is cheaper than apple.  Rated 5 out of 5 by ChrisM from Great buy Great purchase and looks great  Rating: 5 out  Date: February 26, 2017  I am a very happy camper. This camper has done a fantastic job. It is very roomy and sturdy. It has a large bed for me to set up a large pad, comforter and blanket. I have slept on this camping mattress several times in the past and have never had any problems. The camping mattress comes with all the hardware needed for a complete installation, and all the seams are sealed. The only issue I have with the camping mattress is that the foam is quite thick. It may be enough to keep the weight off your hips but I find that it makes my legs and back feel sore. I would recommend this camper to anyone looking for a comfortable, roomy, and affordable camping mattress.  in
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very unhappy with the sound of this unit. I have had the speakers in my laptop for a year and a half now and the sound is so bad that the computer can barely hear me typing. I can hear a faint clicking noise when I move my mouse. I was looking for a portable speaker that was a little louder and that would not make my laptop sound like it's dying. This unit has no redeeming qualities for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone is good, and has a good battery life but it gets very hot very fast. I bought a new battery and the heat just does not go away. This phone is also a pain to use because it takes so long to dial a number. It's great if you are going to be away for more than a day or two, but if you have a family or other people around, you should look for a different phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and it just broke on me the other day. the battery is in such bad shape that i dont even trust it anymore. i really should get another one but i wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month and its been breaking on and off and i can't get a connection and i have a broken usb plug in my car, and its so annoying! it would have been nice if it worked as well as it does on TV! i would love to get a replacement! i've had it for about 6 months.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a nitecore and a hc. both work good. ive used the niteCore for about 2 weeks now and its great. i dont like the size of the unit but i dont really like the fact that i cant change the batteries. i use this as a power bank and can use my usb-c to power my ipad. it does the job and i'm glad i bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This device has many faults and it is very annoying to use. It is very hard to use and the device is very heavy and bulky. It doesn't even hold the phone in place and you have to use your finger to hold the device on the charging dock to charge it. You can also get the battery to overheat quickly. The charger is very short and doesn't allow you to charge a full phone in one session. The charging port is located at the top of the device and there is a small amount of room to get a decent charge on a full charge but it doesn't charge a phone in half an hour. I am not sure why this device was made but if you're looking for an affordable alternative to a brick it isn't worth the purchase. I would say that this is a bad buy but it's an OK price for the device if you are only using it to charge your phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought this to use with my TV remote, but it just goes on and off. It has a weird sound when it's turning on and it doesn't turn off. The remote itself is ok, but the button layout on this is so bad. I have a bunch of buttons on my TV and this one is not intuitive.   I don't think I'll ever use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I have had an iPad 2 for about a year now. I use it for a number of different things: work, video game, music, and gaming. The battery life is terrible, and the tablet itself is terrible. It takes too much time to get the screen to turn on and back on, and even with the screen turned on the touchpad and the volume buttons are hard to use. I am a music guy so my iPod works fine with the iPad 2. I have also had a couple of Bluetooth speakers from Apple work great for music. I was hoping to have the same for gaming, but they are terrible. The audio is terrible on both. This is the third iMac I have purchased, but the first one I had to return due to the quality of the sound system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned one of these for a couple of years now and have found that it is extremely flimsy and prone to breaking or even failing at the slightest jolt. i had a friend with a similar device that was made by the same company, so i bought this one as a backup and i am not happy with it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's great that the product works. The problem is that it's too big. The screen is too big and you can't use it as a tablet. You have to put your hands in front of it to read. The keyboard is not good either. The keys are too big for my hands and I'm afraid I'll break them. It's not the best thing to buy, but it's a cheap way to play with some of the best games ever made.  Was this helpful?  Did you find this helpful. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a krpk digital music player for a few years. it works fine until the battery runs out. it has been replaced twice now. the third time i plugged in it, the sound didnt work at all. i had to send it back to the company and pay to have it repaired. i think the company should have sent me a new one.  I purchased a pair of these for my son and his friends. The sound quality is good. The buttons and controls are easy to use. They are a little pricey but we can all afford to have a good quality stereo in our homes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought the vip and the s1s both are fine but the s2 is terrible. the vips is fine and a nice little device but the v3s is garbage. i have tried to fix it but cant get it to work so ill just get the v5v2 and that works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an amazon fire stick for 3 years and it hasnt worked a single time, it doesnt even work on the usb port, and the buttons are very small and hard to find. ive also had an arduino board which worked great and was the only thing worth having, but i got tired of having to plug it in every night to get it working, and it doesnt have a USB port, so i ended up buying a micro usb stick, which is great and has all the functions i need. if it worked, it would be my only device for home automation, but as it is it only works as a way to turn off the house lights when it is dark, which i use for emergency power. so its a total waste of money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 08, 2015  Great product  by A Customer from Portland OR USA  Pros: Compact and powerful  Cons: No power supply or cable. .  (I got this to control my door lights when I have no other way to get home. It is compact and powerful.)  Review: This is a great product. It works as advertised and I was able to use it to control the lights in my house.  and is simple to use. The only negative thing I can say is that it doesn't come with a power supply, but I found a good deal online to get one.    Was it Helpful to your experience? Yes NO Wednesday, November 30, 2014  Works great!  By Anonymous from San Jose CA USA -Works great and cheap too.  the only downside is the power supply is not included. 's   Would you recommend this product to a friend? Yes  Would it work for a family member? Yes Would not buy again  What do you think? Please tell us what you think.   Review the Product What do you need to start using it? Instructions, a power strip, a computer, a usb cable, a battery and a remote control to control it.  The remote control is good, but the buttons on the remote are hard to use so you might want to use a mouse. The remote has a few buttons but I don't use them so it's not a deal breaker. The instructions are very clear and easy to understand.  I would recommend this to a family, or someone who is just starting to learn to control
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The best i ever owned. _________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5 was my first iphonestate, it was not my first choice but it was my last. It got stuck in an elevator and i had to call the customer service because i did not know how to reset the phone. I am very disappointed and would not recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by BV from I like the battery. I love this battery. It is very light. And I've got a lot of it. It lasts a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  I had purchased this from a local shop in a pinch. I had a bad experience with a "dumb" computer that I purchased from Best Buy. I ordered a Dell laptop because I was using a laptop for work but wanted to be able to connect my phone to it. I was looking for a cheap, no frills, computer. I did not want a high end computer. When I received the computer, I was very disappointed. The screen was very low resolution. The keyboard was terrible. The mouse was not responsive. I have to say that I was really disappointed and felt the computer was of poor quality. I returned it.  Write a positive review about the best warranty on a computer: __________________  This is a very good computer! I had no problems at all! I have been a user of computers for many years and I have never had a problem with this computer! The only thing that bothers me is that you have to take the back off, but if you want to do so it's not that hard. I highly recommend this computer to anybody!  It is a good computer, but not for me! _________________  the best i could find for this price  The computer came and it works fine. I installed Windows 8.1 and I am happy with the purchase. I don't have a clue how the computer came in the box, but I have not opened the box yet and I will not be spending the time trying to open it, because it is not worth my time. I am not happy about the price either, I had my eye on the one that cost almost as much as this one. -A.H.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The Best! I've had this for about two months now, and it is awesome! I have not had any problems with it at all. It's super fast. It works great! I love that the device is waterproof, and that it's always on!  Review by: GK
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this device a few days ago and I'm so disappointed.  The quality is not the best and the product is very cheap, but at least it's easy to use.    Posted by Javi at 11:17 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The batteries that came with my new Samsung Galaxy S4 were extremely flaky and not so durable. I had to replace them every 2-3 days because the flaky ones would eventually die. The new ones are fantastic. They last a lot longer and the battery indicator light is very bright. I am very happy with the purchase.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, June 20, 2011  Great  by: Paul from Southfield MI USA  Pros: Fast shipping, good price, works well  Cons: Not much to say about it  Review: Works great  Had it for over a month now. Not much else to say. .  and the price is great. ,  Paul  Thanks!  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- If the screen on this device is not at least a 5/5, then I'm not sure I'd buy another one. I've had the iPhone 6s for a few days and I have a very difficult time with this device. It's too small to carry around and the touch screen is so sensitive. I can't use it as a watch and the phone doesn't feel like it's in my pocket. I'm just not sure if I would buy another iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is my first time to purchase an electric toothbrush, and I'm very disappointed. It's not the greatest electric tooth brush in the world, but it's a good basic electric toothbrushes. I used to use my old electric toothpaste dispenser which is a good, but not great brush. I thought I'd replace it with the new one because it looked nice, but when I tried it, I was disappointed. The bristles on the bristles are the same color as the plastic bristles. The only thing that's different is that the color on the plastic is a little darker. It has some sort of coating on the top of the bristly part, so it's not really easy to get the bristl at the bristless part. It doesn't really give any relief for tooth decay, and it doesn't get a good cleaning after brushing, either. I really don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------I bought this product a couple of months ago for my son's birthday. It came in a little box, and it was pretty simple to set up. The thing works great, and has worked great for my young one. It is a little bit of a pain to plug in, but that is a small price to pay for such a good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ When I received the device I did not expect it to be defective, however, it was. This device can be useful for reading, but is very sensitive to static. I read a lot of books and have very sensitive hearing, but it was difficult to hear the words on the page when the static was in the device. I would recommend this device to people who are able to tolerate static, but not for those who cannot.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good for listening to music I was really surprised at how sensitive this unit is to static noise and it worked out great. . I was looking for a unit for listening on the go. I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 and was looking to listen to music while I was in an airplane or car. I tried this on my Galaxy S3 and I was amazed at how much better it sounds and how it is very small and light and easy to use. I highly recommend it. I did have to turn the volume down but not too much. The battery lasted me several days of use and it is easy to change the batteries with a coin and it has a nice built in power cord to plug in to the wall. I also like that the battery is easy removable for easy access.  the only complaint i have is that when the unit is in a pocket the power cord can be a little difficult to use as the cord does not have the usual round connector.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! Not a good unit! No wifi, no bluetooth, no usb and no usb 2. It was soooo disappointing! It was also a pain to use. You have to hold the top for 2 seconds and it is a pain in the ass to get it to sit down and sit back up again! I think it should have been a better quality unit. It's a bit of a waste of money but at least I got a good one!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for many years and always wanted a proper audio receiver that could be used with a cassette deck. the first couple of years of this product have been great, but they are starting to break in. The audio quality is now subpar and they have a tendency to drop out when using it with my cassette deck (cassette deck has been around since the late 70's, still a great product).   i have been using a set of sony t6v2 for many many years now. i still have all my tapes and my CD player, as well as my home stereo. i wouldnt consider the t6 v2 to be good quality at all, just not as good as the t8.   also, it appears that sony will no longer be supporting the t5v2 model (and likely the t7v2 as well).  .   a set up that is only compatible with a single cassette deck is still a good one, but i have been looking at the t9v2 and i just feel like its missing something. the t10v2 is going to be great.  . I bought this because my old sony cassette player had started to become unresponsive. I really love it, but my old recorder was getting very noisy and I was starting to lose the sound quality. I think this unit is great for older tape decks, but I think it would be better for someone who wants to use a set with a 2 or 3 deck player. Also, I would not buy it for the price. The price is on par with some of the high end audio systems I have seen on Ebay. I would buy this again, but the price is just too much for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device is not that bad. The only thing it does not do well is audio output. I use it for my home stereo and it does a great job of turning my audio from the phone line into the speaker on the radio. If you are looking for a good quality device with a decent price, this is it.  What's Included:  Xylem RS-150A Amplifier  Rugged Case  User Manual  Related Items:  aRig Power Amplifier (RS-150) xylem, RS-15-1 xylemen, rsvp
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my phone for almost 3 years now, and the only thing that ive really been missing is my original phone. ive tried a few different phones but nothing really beats the original ive had since my g4. i can not wait for the next one to come out. this one has so many features i never used. im not the best phone user but i do have a g4 so i was expecting a big improvement over the original.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My phone was not working properly. When I called customer service they sent me a new phone in a week. However, it was not as easy to get into as the last one. Also the screen was cracked, as it had been in the rain and my phone had been dropped on the concrete steps below. Rating: Phone: 5 Sound: 5
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for two years now and the battery has died on me more than once. Ive had it replaced 3 times now and it has the same problem. I really dont want to waste my money anymore on this phone and hope theres something that can fix it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 weeks now and i have to say that i am very dissatisfied with it. ive put a couple hours of use into it, but it still doesnt work. i cant find it on any of the online dealers that sell it. i have tried everything to get it to work, and this is what i have. i dont even have the keypad anymore, it is not even attached to my pc. ive had to get a new pc to play any games because i cant play on the old one. ives only been using this for 1 week and its not even connected to my phone. the whole thing has no life at all, and i just cant afford to buy a new one.  ----------------------------------------------------------  1112 Works like a charm  Posted by - 11th February 2013   I had been looking for a good buy since I bought my g4 two years ago. The price on this worked out to be around $300. This was much more than I wanted to pay, but after a week or so I decided to give it a shot. I did not buy it from B&H but instead I bought it directly from GameStop. I have been playing it for 2 weeks now, and so far so good. The game runs smoothly, the game has a good framerate and I'm having a lot of fun. The only problem I have is that the game is not that good. If you're playing on high, you'll probably notice some of the issues you've mentioned. However, this is still a good purchase, and the price is not bad at all.  and for a great price   Posted by - 10th February 2017   After some searching, I found a store in Canada that has the same game. I just got my package today. Very happy with my purchase, thanks B&h  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  1104 works great  Reviewed by - 14th January 2013   the best thing for ps4 i bought it on the 10th of november and it works great and is a great deal  -------------------------- -5 Star Rating  -100% Excellent  ----------------------------  5 Star rating for everything. Great service. Great price. Very satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________ This is an extremely annoying and frustrating device. First, you have to remove the battery and open the battery door to make the device work. You have to do this EVERY TIME you take the battery out of the device. I have never seen a battery door open so easily before. And, even if it does, the device does not turn on. So, what does that say about the design? I'm assuming the battery was defective because it takes me 3-4 times to get it to turn on in a cold, dark room. You can't use it if the batteries are dead. The only good thing about this device is that the battery will last a long time. I've used mine about 15 times and it still works. But, I am very disappointed that this product is so difficult to use. I was so upset when I took the battery off and it didn't turn on! I was even more upset when the batteries I bought at the store didn't work either. _____________________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a way to listen to music from my ipod. This thing is horrible. I can only get the radio station by a certain amount of time and then the music comes on at a random time. I had to wait for 2 days to get the music I wanted. I also had to switch the music every 3 days. It's also very loud. I have to turn my tv on or else I can hear it from another room. I am very disappointed in this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a wireless keyboard for my iPad Air 2 (a.k.a. "iPad 2"). It's pretty good but it doesn't have a physical keyboard (only the Apple keyboard) and it is very noisy. I bought this because I wanted something that would work with my iPad but it's a disappointment. The Good: Great battery life. It's amazing. I can use it from 10pm to 5am. The buttons are super easy to press, the layout is very similar to the MacBook. The screen is bright. The keyboard is loud. It doesn't use any batteries. It has a great trackpad. It works with any iOS device. The Bad: The screen on the Air 2 is horrible. It makes it so you can't see what you're doing. The wireless keyboard is a good idea, but I can't recommend it. I recommend you buy a wired keyboard. Verdict:  I bought the keyboard to replace the wireless keyboard that came with my Air 2. It is a nice keyboard and I like the layout. I would recommend it if you want a wired computer but the Air is great and I think this is a great keyboard to use with an iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I got my second, it stopped working. The problem:    I have no idea how this thing works. It's too small to get the connection right, so I have to use a mini-USB cable (it has a tiny USB port) to turn on the light. The light works perfectly fine in the previous model, but I had to buy the mini-usb to turn it on. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone4s has the same issues as the previous model with the same problems, i bought it on sale because i heard it was great and the reviews were good so i thought id give it a try. it was an excellent price and i got it within a few days but the battery died on me 2 days later and i cant seem to get it to turn on now. i really wish i had read the reviews before buying and it would of saved me a lot of money, i am going to look for another one and not waste my money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent for the price Great little camera for the money. Works very well for the home, and at the studio. ,,,,  Reviewer: Anonymous from Tennessee I purchased this camera to take video with my son for a summer camp. The video is great for the time of day. The pictures are ok for the quality of the video but I wish the picture was a little better.  (The product has since been discontinued. This was the second time this camera was sold at a low price and this time the battery did not last. The camera now no longer works at all. A shame because it had such good reviews. It is a shame because the pictures are great for a budget camera. The picture quality is good. It was just the battery.  in a small box and the box was like that. The product itself is good, the battery does not last and the camera is good to go. I was able to use the camera and video for a day but I was unable to take any pictures because I lost the battery before the second day. Very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a problem with my new wireless router. The device had a defective antenna, which was not the end of the world, but I was really upset to see the signal drop from 90% to only 50% (this is in a very crowded apartment). I called the number and talked to a very nice woman, who was very helpful. I have a new one, and it's working fine. I just wish it would have come with a receipt.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been a fan of the Tascam US-122MKII (aka the TASCAM US-120MKII, US-200MKII) ever since I first used one in high school. I was so happy with it I bought another one for my girlfriend's birthday!  When I received the new one, I immediately thought it was a defective unit.  It is not like a Tascams that you just have to use, but I found the unit to be a lot more difficult to use than I expected.  The sound quality is excellent and the unit is very light, very portable, and can be used on a long journey.  The only thing that was a big disappointment to me was the fact that the cable for the microphone was not included.   The cable is included, but is of questionable quality.  This was not an issue for me since I am on a budget and don't have the cash to buy a mic cable of my own.  Overall, I think this is a great product for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received this item as a gift and it is terrible. I bought it to play music from a music box on my phone and it just keeps going off and off. I don't know if it is defective but it's really annoying. I will never purchase this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my new Samsung Galaxy Note 3 a couple of days ago, and I am completely disappointed. I have used my new Note 3 on a daily basis since I received it on Friday, and this phone is terrible. I bought this phone on sale, but it is really not worth it. I was going to buy a different phone to replace my Note 2, but after using the Galaxy Note 2 extensively I am now very happy with my purchase. If you buy this phone, don't buy the contract, or get a refurbished one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the iPhone 4s with a new contract, and after about a week I had a dead battery.  The iPhone 4 is the first phone that was truly "good" from Apple since the iphone 1.    When you have to buy a new iPhone you want a good phone and the iPhone is not good.  The battery was dead after a day of use, and they are still selling them.  I hope they fix this.  3)   Apple has done a very poor job of marketing the  iPhone.  In fact, there is no reason to buy an  iPhone, especially if you are not a computer guy.  To me it seems that Apple only makes good  phones and the   iPhone is the worst of all.  There is nothing to replace or upgrade, there are no great apps to choose from, and the software is not very good.   You have to spend more money for a good  phone.  It does not mean that I am going to go buy an iPhone  just because I have one of these.  If you are in the market for a new   smartphone, I recommend a Samsung, HTC or LG, because they have a good line of devices. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** The device works but the software is not that good. The program is not very flexible and can't be configured to suit the user's needs. I had to change the program to work on my Mac, and the user interface is so clunky. I have had to fix my machine to get it working again. I would recommend that the manufacturer make a version of the software for all the different operating systems. ******************************* It's a great idea to be able to use your computer while it's charging. However, the software on the Apple computer is so bad it doesn't work for me. *********** Overall: *************** Great idea but the quality of the hardware is not up to the standards that the software should be. **************  Rated 1 out of 5 by M.F. from Not a good buy I bought this because I use my Apple computer to play some music on the computer while charging. It worked fine until the software crashed. I contacted Apple and they sent me a new one. But this time the software just crashed as well. I tried to fix it by reinstalling the drivers but the problem is still there.  This was my first time using a Macbook Pro. I just wanted a computer that would be able charge while it was plugged in. It arrived in a few days. My wife and I use it to play music while we charge. The battery life is great and I have been able to play several hours of music without needing to turn on the AC. However the software that comes with it is so slow. I was so excited to see a program that would let me play music on my computer while I charged. However I was disappointed with the software and my Macbook had a lot of trouble even using the software. :I bought the charger to use with my macbook pro but I am having a hard time charging the computer with it. I thought it was great at first because the app would charge it up but now it seems that the app is slowing the computer down. So the software has to charge it by itself. I am hoping someone can help me get it to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s - the buttons on the bottom are tiny and are not responsive at all! The phone is very unstable and has a few problems with the audio. The display also seems to be a little washed out. This phone is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  You can always buy a good man a beer!   -L.P.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a new MacBook Pro and it broke the first day I had it. The first day of use was a disaster, I couldn't even type a simple email or text message because the screen kept going black. I had to reboot the computer 3 times to get it working again. After reading some other reviews on here I ordered a replacement screen from another manufacturer and now I have no problems with it. Overall:    I am very happy with my purchase. It is very durable, sturdy and works flawlessly. The only problem is that the screen was very cheap. The screen was not very sharp and had a lot of smudges. Other than that I love it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My iphone 4s died the day i bought it. it is so sad. i wish i had waited for better deals on a new one, i dont know if the phone has to be used or broken. i will go on a hunt for a new iphones!!!  Was this review helpful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This thing is really, really loud. The first thing that caught my eye was that it was so loud that it is basically deafening in the car. It's the equivalent of an 80's car stereo when you don't have the car's speakers, but still need it. It doesn't even have an on/off switch. So the only way to turn it off is to take it out of the car and put it somewhere else. So it's a pain to have to be in the driver's seat when you have the thing in your hands, and it makes a very annoying buzzing noise while you're trying to concentrate on driving. But I suppose I'm just used to it because I have a lot of cars in my family. I was really hoping that I would be able to adjust the volume, but the volume control on the front is so far from the unit, it's practically impossible to turn. The only solution is to just turn off the radio in the vehicle. But the problem with this device is that it's loud enough that it will annoy people around you. If you want to use it for work, then I don't think you need to get it. I'm hoping that some manufacturers will come up with a quieter version soon. It seems like the best solution is just to use headphones or ear buds.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung galaxy s for years and it had always been okay until this one. it is a very basic phone that can't be used in a professional setting. if you need a phone that is very basic and has a lot of software that can be easily disabled it's a great buy. but if you want a phone like a sony that will last a long time and be able to take good pictures and videos this is a terrible deal. and i was surprised when it finally died, it was only a few days ago and it still wasn't charged.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________, not worth the money and the problems _________. I will not buy from this company again.   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 2176  Reviewed: 2015-02-05 By:Hunts. Family pet. David C   Hunts, TX   GWP. Hunts. Family pets. . Hunts, TX  This product is great. I have two dogs. Both were on it at the same time and both had some problems. I had to put the dogs back on their old food because they were not eating the new. It was a little hard for them to eat but not a big deal. We had a bad storm the night before. The dogs ate so fast they were starving. I was able to feed them one of the other brands. I love the size and looks of the food. I would buy it again. - - - -. - -   This is my first purchase from the web site and I am happy with the product. I did have a small issue with the seal that came with the bag but it was a simple fix and I'm back on my dog food schedule.   of course I have a lot of questions about the food and the delivery time so let me know if you can answer any of them.  - -   (5) 5 out 4 found this review helpful. Was this review useful to you? Yes | No  Great product but very pricey By J.G. on 11/13/2014  Product: Quality Dog Food for Small Dogs  Pros: This is the only dog food I have ever found that actually keeps the dog healthy. It is a good quality food and I can't believe that I have to pay a lot for a dog food.   in fact I would recommend this to any one wanting to feed their dog a healthy, high quality diet.  ,   also the shipping is very quick and the packaging is very nice.   on the other hand I have not had a chance to feed it to my dogs yet because I had a baby shower to attend. but I have seen a lot more negative reviews and I think the reason for this is because a lot are trying to feed to puppies and young dogs.   be careful with your choice in brands.   (4) 4 out of 4 found the following review helpful:  Rating: ,  . This is my second order
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's like a bad dream that goes on and on and can't get stopped.   I bought a new computer because my old one had gotten faulty. I used this product and it was the worst product I have ever used. I had to wait for the warranty to be honored before I could get a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************************** *************************** I received my Samsung Galaxy S4 a couple of weeks ago. I bought it because I wanted a great phone. The only problem is that the screen is a huge fingerprint magnet. My wife is now worried that I will ruin the phone. Please, please, please fix this problem. I am so angry.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought this to replace an old broken one, but I'm not happy with it at all. When you turn the unit on, the lights don't come on at all, and the device seems to be powered by a battery that is about to run out. Also, the buttons are difficult to push, and have no tactile feedback.   The unit is very heavy, and has a big, bulky battery that makes it difficult to carry. The buttons are easy to push and the unit seems to have plenty of power for most tasks. The unit has an easy-to-read LCD, but it's not clear at all what is going on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* It is hard to tell whether it was the fault of the device or the poor quality of the product. When I first received the device I had the idea that it was not quality but I had been burned many times before. The unit is heavy and not easy to carry. The user manual is poor in its explanation of the unit. It did not explain how to adjust the sensitivity of the button or how to use the control. I used the unit for about three weeks and noticed that the volume on my radio was very quiet. I tried several different methods to correct this problem, the first time it worked the second time it did not. The next time I tried it the radio was loud. I had to take the unit to a local store to get a replacement. The device is not durable at all and it does not last very long at all. I would not recommend this device for the price it is charged at. It does not make a good first impression.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********************** ********* ********** *********** ************ ************ This is an excellent item for the price. This is the second time I have ordered from you. It is so good I will be buying another one for my daughter and another for my son. I have a friend who has this and he loves it. I also purchased a new one for a neighbor. The only bad thing I have to say is the cord is a little short.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this phone because I wanted a phone for work. When I first got it it was really hard to get a good grip on the phone. After the first couple of minutes I got it to work but it was still hard to hold and I found it hard to use. The buttons were a little difficult to press so I changed to the original Motorola keyboard, which is much easier. The speaker on this phone is very loud, and it's very loud when it's working. However, when the phone is not working I find that the volume is really low and I have to use the speaker a lot to get the volume up. The only way I can get the phone to work is to put it on a flat surface and hold it up to a wall. That makes it easier to hold but I can't say I like that method. Overall I think it's a good phone but I would not recommend this phone unless you need a work phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I purchased a new e-reader from a reputable vendor and I was happy with it until I started using it. It started acting up a few weeks after purchase. I would turn it on, it would stop working. I turned it off, it stopped working. When I would press the button to turn it back on, I would still get no response. So I bought a new one. It had no issues the first time, but it had a couple of problems a few months later. One of the batteries would start to heat up on the charger and eventually burn. I had to take it back and exchange the batteries, and I have never used a device again. I have no clue how the new battery works.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this device is a horrible mistake, you will have problems with the battery life and the screen will not be readable. You will be disappointed. I bought the watch for my wife because she wanted to see her fitness stats and she had never done any sort of exercise. She has tried a few other devices and was satisfied with them. However, this watch just never works. I've had it for about a week now and it has had over 300 charges. I can only get a few hours of use out of it. I had it set up on my smartphone and it works fine. The watch will not turn off, even when I try to turn it off by pulling the battery out. I am using a charger to power it on now but I have a feeling that it will not last very long if I use it for a week. I did not expect it to not work at all, but this is not a good watch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this phone for my brother to use for his job. The phone was delivered to him last night, but he had not installed the software on it. He has not used the phone and we have not spoken with him today. I called today and they are not answering their phone. I also called to report the problem and they stated they would send out a replacement but have not. My brother is very unhappy. I will not be buying from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s, battery dies, phone does not power up, i cant get internet, screen doesn't light up and it doesn't come with a charger. the worst part is when it died, i had to call apple and they said i could take it to apple store, they gave me a $50 credit and the phone was still there but it does not have internet. i tried to use a charger, no luck, i have the ipad Air 2, and this phone is very bad on internet, it has no wi-fi, it can't do anything. ive had this phone for two months and i have to keep calling apple and calling them to get a new phone and they do nothing. i think it has a faulty battery.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this device a few years back, and its been working fine. but last week i had to call them because my device wouldn't turn on. i've seen other reviews about other devices, but this one is the worst one i've ever bought. i have to call the company, they dont have any info about the issue and the tech isnt going to fix it.  I bought a new phone and found that my old one was the same problem. I am not sure why my old phone did not work but this new one did. They told me that my phone's motherboard was the problem. They said that they would send me a new motherboard but that it would cost a few hundred dollars.  and when I told them that I couldn't afford a new one, they said that I should have called the store and they would have fixed the problem for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************** The first day I was able to use my new EZ Touch. I was in a rush to use it, and forgot my charger in my car. The phone is a great deal, the battery is very good and the features are easy to use. The only downside is the screen can be a little dim at times, but you get used to it and it doesn't affect your overall usage. I'd buy this again.  Good device for the price The EZ touch is a good phone. It is easy to set up, but does require a lot of time to learn how to use the features. The screen has good color and contrast. It has a great battery life. The app store is limited, but there are apps to make this more accessible. Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I've been a long-time Apple fan but I just can't see the point in buying an iPad for a laptop. If you want a full-featured tablet, get a Nexus 7 or a Kindle Fire.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is so awful, and the price is so low. I tried to get it to work and it wouldn't even turn on. I am disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's difficult to get the screen to turn on, especially if it is dimmed. I don't recommend this to a friend who has a weak stomach or who doesn't like to use a power outlet. The unit is a very good buy at this price, it has a nice sound, and it works well with my TV.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Very disappointed.  This is my first computer. I'm a very tech-savvy guy, so I expected a lot from the purchase. I thought I'd give it a try for a few weeks, but then my computer kept failing. The first time, it failed to start up, but it was only a minute. I went to look at it on the web and saw that there was an "Ask an Expert" section on the website, and that there were several other reviews on this site. I started asking questions about my computer, and was told it was a lemon. I called the company (they were out of town and they wouldn't answer my call) and was very insulted. It wasn't until I called them back and asked them to send me a new one that they gave me an explanation. Now, the computer doesn't even work, and they still don't care. I've used other companies to buy and sell electronics and I've never been treated like this.  is the only reason I didn't give it zero stars. I had to return it to get a refund.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an android phone for about a year and it is just a bad product. the battery dies in a week or so. if you are going to buy this phone, get the black one. it is a good phone. i would recommend it to a friend. but if you need a phone to make calls and not text, go with a black one... the phone has a bad battery life.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Kavita from Not happy with this phone This phone is awful. It doesn't work, and the only reason I'm not throwing it away is because the customer service is horrible. I bought this phone in February and haven't been able to get it working. It works fine on a tablet, but I bought a cheap tablet because I don't want to buy a new phone. I have called twice and both times the customer support reps were very unhelpful. They wouldn't help me, and I called back after a week and they said that they would send someone out to try to help. I called that same day, and no one has ever been sent out. They said they would get someone out but haven't. Now I have to wait another month before I can use the phone again. Not happy at all. I'm sorry but the only way to get this phone working is to sell it on ebay and use the money to buy another one. I can't say this enough.  "You can always return a device if you don't like it." - you can always send the phone back to them if it doesn't get fixed and you're not happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The only problem with electronics is that you get what you pay for."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device for 2 months now and it is not very good at all. it is very flimsy and i have to take it apart to clean. i can only get it to work with a cable adapter that is not made by apple. it takes so long to charge and i can't use it in my car because it is too heavy. i had to go online and buy a adapter that works with this thing. i really wanted a new apple device but they are not good anymore so i had no other choice. i am glad i got the new apple ipad with it because i cant wait to replace it with a more reliable device.  Rated 4 out of 5 by jenlouis from Good for the price. Great for watching Netflix, Hulu and YouTube. For the price, it's great. You will need a USB cable to charge it and you have to plug it into the wall and use the charger. I've used it in conjunction with an Apple TV. I like that I can watch a few episodes on Netflix and then use the iPad as my main TV. It is a bit heavy and bulky but not a big deal. The battery lasts about 5 to 6 hours and you will have to charge before you use it. It does not come with a case so you have no protection. It also doesn't come with the app for Netflix.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 3g   It's not bad, but it's not the best either.   I like the ability to do video calls and use it for music.  , however, the screen is pretty bad, and there are a lot of bugs, like not being able to access my music library.     i have to turn on airplane mode, and use the 3G connection to go to the store to buy music. I don't even have a credit card. It's frustrating. I've tried to contact Apple but haven't gotten a response.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst, cheapest and shoddiest piece of junk I have ever used. The screen is not even very bright, the screen is so dim that you can't see your finger on it, the sound is terrible and the power switch is so hard to turn, even with my small and skinny hands. The buttons are made of plastic and the buttons are very stiff, I have used these to open a door with a couple of taps and it took about a minute and a half. I had to open my laptop to turn on the TV and it is very noisy and hard to close. I don't even know why I bought it because I didn't expect any of this.  If I want to turn off my computer, I use my computer and just turn it off. The sound quality is horrible too, there are times I have to use headphones just to hear the sound and other times I can't hear anything at all. It's like a computer from 2005 that has been forgotten for 10 years, just sitting on the shelf somewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device thinking it was a better value than my other electronic devices because it was only $35. Unfortunately it did not work well. It was very hard to control my lights. It is very noisy and the power supply is unreliable. It has been about a month and the lights have not been working. I don't have an extension cord to connect it to a power source. It would have been nice if the company would have included a stand to hold the device. It will not stay on any other device but it will fit on this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the new g2 for about 3 months now and i cant figure out what it does or what settings work. it takes a few seconds for the device to reboot. also after rebooting it gets stuck at 100% i get a "connection error" and no signal after that. i also noticed that when i reboot it doesn't turn on the wifi and i have to use the usb cable to get to the internet so that doesnt work either. i really don't understand why there is a $200 device that wont work for me.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is the worst I have ever purchased from a Chinese company. I have been through many of these but this is the first that I have had to replace the battery in. It worked fine for 2 days. The next day it didn't work. When I went to the store to get the battery replaced, I was told it would cost me a minimum of $65. I was stunned and I have never had to pay for a defective item. I returned the item to get a refund.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for 2 days now and i can say it's a total failure. first, i noticed it had an issue with the battery life. i have been using my iPhone 4 for years now and it has always worked fine, i had the 5c on sale and this unit lasted about 4 hours, then it turned off. i was able to bring it back and get it working again but it still didnt work. then, when it was working, it was so slow i could barely get it to connect to the computer. i called the tech support and they told me the problem was with the unit, but i dont have it. now i have to go get the unit again and it is going to be about a $100 bill for a new one. this unit should have never been released at all. i would never buy this item again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned two different units that are good. ive bought them because they say they are good, but the battery life is not very good and it can die after only a few hours. the only way to fix it is to buy a new one. iving bought a new iphone 7 plus for the price of a iphones 5s. ived never had a problem with it. ively wish the battery was a bit longer, but i would recommend them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an older iPhone 4 which is pretty cool but the battery is pretty low (around 40%) and I'm worried about running out of juice (due to it being in my bag and not charging).  It has been used for several months but I'm going to replace it now due to the battery.  If you are like me and have an old phone that doesn't get charged often, this might be the device for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the worst device i have ever had, it has a bad problem with sound quality. It does not even support bluetooth. It is only good for the ipad and the iphone, but it does not support the other ones at all. i tried to charge the ipod but the power connector broke. so, i was only able to connect to the ipod. i dont know why, but this one has no power. I think that it has been made with bad parts, and no one will repair this device because of the poor quality. I really hope that Apple will stop selling these bad products.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for over 2 years, it works well for what it is, its cheap, but for the quality of the product, i would give it 2.5 stars. but i cant stand the poor design and the constant bad battery issues. and the company has been making some terrible decisions. so far i have not gotten it to work on more than one battery, if you want a cheap electronic device with decent features, get a cheaper one. the only thing that gets it going is the fact that it charges my phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - February 4, 2011I don't think you should pay for a device you can't use. If your device isn't working and you can see the problem, call the customer service. They are more than likely going to give you a free one. - January 11, 2011Waste of money, I was so disappointed with this product. It worked but it didn't do what the advertising said it would do. It didn't give me any signal when the radio was on the air and I could not get it to work with any other radio. - November 18, 2010I can't believe I spent $500 on this thing...but I didn't. It was just a waste of money... - October 8, 2010Bought this radio about a month ago and was thrilled with it, then my wife started to use it. It's so easy to set up, but I would rather have a simple radio that can be used for both music and phone calls, but this radio is just so expensive and doesn't work very well. I have had my wife use it and she is very happy with it. I don't like the fact that the signal has to be manually adjusted each time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this phone for my son who loves the old Apple phone. He loves this phone more than his old Apple. The design is nice and sleek and the phone works great. He is happy with his new phone! I have a feeling he will love the new iphone 5 too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I purchased this phone to replace my aging iPhone. The build quality is poor and I cannot stand the sound quality. I can't even use the earphone jack due to the plastic connectors and the phone just has no volume control. This is a terrible phone for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a nintendo gamecube for a year now and it is the worst thing ever. it has a faulty memory, can get a game to work, but will start up with an error code that says "memory is full" or something along those lines. i have tried to get a replacement, but have had no luck. i guess this is why they stopped making the gamecube. if you need a gamecube, go with a wii, they are both good.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nintendo-europe
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst computers i ever bought. I bought it for my son because he has trouble using the computer. The first day we started using it, we found out that it was just a dumb monitor. It didn't even have a keyboard. I mean, how can you use a dumb computer without a keyboard? We had to buy a keyboard just to use it. The second day we used it we found that the battery life was terrible. It lasts a couple of hours but then you have to charge it again. Then after the battery dies you have no idea how long it will last. We had one of those big, thick batteries and had to get a new one for it. Then, when we were done with the computer we had to re-solder the power cord because it had been damaged. We have had to call the store because we have had a few problems with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This item is great, but a few days ago my wife took the phone off the charger, the screen is black and the touch is not working. The screen is really small and it seems that the touch screen is defective. If you have a small phone it's great, if you have something bigger like my LG phone the touch button won't work. I don't know if I can get a replacement, I don;t know what to do. I'll never buy another Samsung device again
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month now. I have tried everything from the wireless version, to the 3G version, and the 4G version. i really like the simplicity of the device. however, the device has a really small display. the screen is a bit small for me. also, i like the battery life, but the device does seem to run out of power. ive been using this device a lot but it is just a little to big for my hand. the buttons are very good though.  Write a positive review about this item: I love this product. It is so easy to use and the buttons for controlling the music and notifications are a great feature to have. The only thing that I did not like about this product is that the power button is located at the bottom.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The best part of this product is that it's so simple to use. It's a great device to have for those times when you're having problems with the battery, the sound, the design, or the controls. The only issue I had with the device is that the charging cable is extremely flimsy. It broke within the first day I had it, and I haven't been able to find another replacement. This could have been easily fixed by buying a longer, stronger cable, but I was really looking forward to having this device in my possession.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I've had this for two years. I bought it because I was looking for something more compact than my iPhone. I have had it for a year and I have not had a single problem. I can now carry my phone, my tablet, my computer and my wallet in one device. The only thing I don't like about it is that it does not have a headphone jack. I use my iPhone and I hate having to carry my headphones around with me. I don´t know how this would work if you have a smartphone, I have tried it with an Android and I don�t know. If you have an iPhone, I would say it's a must buy. You will not regret it.  by: C.W. on 07/01/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************  This is a bad product. The keypad and keyboard are a mess and very difficult to use. It's a good idea to charge the battery before using it, because it's a battery and it should have a charging port. If you have any problem with this, just return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had this for about a year now. The device was very easy to install, and the instructions were clear and simple. However, the device worked just fine for about two months, then it stopped working. The reason I'm writing this review is to warn others of this device, as it is advertised as a "smart" phone but it's so slow. The only thing I've gotten out of this is the fact that I'm able to listen to my iPod on the phone now!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was very slow, and it wouldn't go into sleep mode on its own. The phone is very hard to find. I could have bought a better model for the price. I purchased this item for the sole purpose of helping someone who had a malfunctioning device. It works perfectly, the speed is amazing and the features are fantastic. The only thing I dislike about this product is that it can be tricky to find in certain areas, especially the side that holds the power cable. If you don't have this one, don't worry it's not difficult to find but it does make it hard to use. The good part is that you can buy replacement parts for this if you don;t need to replace the whole unit. Rated 4 out of 5 by Lyle from I bought this about a month ago for my daughter to have a backup phone so we can always have it if the phone dies. It is well worth the money and easy to use with a few tips and tricks that were really helpful. I bought the iPhone 6s and I have not had any problems with it so far, except I found the fingerprint reader to be really difficult to use and not very accurate. The camera is also a little on the slow side, but it has a very nice viewfinder and has good lighting and is also waterproof.  Rated 5 out of 6 by Anonymous from This is a great phone I bought my iPhone 6 Plus a few months ago, and I absolutely love it! The phone feels great, it's beautiful, and my wife can use it in the rain. The battery life is awesome. I love that I can use the same phone number for multiple devices, and that I never have to remember my passwords. The device is a pleasure to use, and the screen is beautiful. If I could only give this a 5 star rating, it would, but the one thing I have to say is, if you're looking for a very powerful, durable, and powerful device, I would recommend this one over any other device. The screen is great and the build quality is fantastic.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a very nice device, but the problem is the very poor quality of the speakers. The sound is not as good as I would like. The speakers have to be placed very close to the device to get a good quality sound. I don't know if this is due to the material or not. It is also very sensitive. I have to turn it off every time I'm on the bus, so I can hear my music. It's also very hard to find a good position to place the speakers, which is why it's so hard to use it on a regular basis. I wouldn't recommend it unless you really want to listen to music.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a terrible product! The speaker is very bad. I got it to connect to my laptop but it has to be plugged into an outlet. The microphone is also awful, very noisy and it does not pick up my voice well.   It's a shame because I wanted to try it out. But I can't recommend it.   I will never buy it again.   of the 3 reviews, the 3rd was written by a person who had a bad experience with a different speaker before buying this one and it was great until she got it home. I've also got a bad connection with my iPod (iPhones work better) and have to turn it on every time I want to listen to music. I think this will be great for people who use their computers or tablets as headphones but have bad connections.   a bad review: I was very disappointed. I purchased a 3.0 stereo from the site in November. I received it in the mail yesterday and used it yesterday. I am a music teacher and I used to use the Sony headphones from Sony. The Sony headphones are wonderful. The sound quality is better than the iPhone. However, I am not going to buy a new pair of Sony headphones because I bought these and I have to return them. I will use my old Sony headphones. It was my fault. I don't know why I thought this would work with the Apple iPhone. I guess I thought it would be a good way to get some music on the go. I have never had any problem with my iPhone or my iPad so I am really disappointed. It seems like a great idea to use these headphones with the iPhone but it did not work.   in a good review:  I got my iPhone 6s in November and the speaker is just fine. I haven't had any problems with the volume but I do have to have it on my desk because the sound is a bit tinny but not terrible. It doesn't pick up the voice of the people I'm listening to on the other end of the line either so I'll just have to use my iPod. The mic is really good, and it picks up what I say really well. I love the fact that it has a noise canceling feature. The only thing I don�t like about the speaker on my new iPhone is that it's really loud and it's hard to get out of my hand when I'm using it. If it was quieter and less loud I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________. This is a bad, expensive, poorly engineered, poorly designed, and buggy device that you can't really recommend to anyone. The design is awful, the design is bad, the hardware is bad. This thing is not only unreliable, it's buggy, it doesn't work, it breaks down. If it works at all, it seems to be less reliable than the phone I'm using now. The thing is just a huge hassle to use. The only thing you can do to keep it working is to keep a spare battery in the unit. I just got one, and I've had to buy a couple of spare batteries just so I can use this thing. I also have a cheapo computer with a serial port and USB port, and with the right programs, I can make this thing work again.  Rated 1 out of 5 by joseph from Not good! I have a LG 4g that I bought a year ago. It worked great! I upgraded it to the newest version of Android, which is Lollipop. This phone doesn't do it any more. It starts and shuts off randomly. I can't connect to my hotspot because I can only connect to the WiFi with a keyboard. The phone won't connect back to my data plan. I have tried to contact LG and no one seems to have any idea what I'm talking about. It's frustrating and very annoying!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 weeks now, and theres no power at all. When i first bought it, i got a phone, then a smart tv, and now i'm not sure i need this anymore.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 16, 2015  It's a Good Watch, but not as good as a Samsung  by Charles from Las Vegas NV USA  Pros: Good size, well made.  "Smartwatch" can be customized. ,  Cons: I think the battery life is pretty good, but the battery indicator on the screen is a bit dim. I have mine on 24/7, so that's the only thing that really bugs me about it. The only con is the display is not the same as the Samsung. The Samsung has a much higher resolution (800 x 480) and the screen has a slightly smaller font size.    Other than that, it's a great watch. .  the only con I have is the battery.  have mine 24/6. I think it's about a year from now it will be 2 years old. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years. it isnt the best but it is ok. it gets the job done. it works. it doesnt last very long. i have it for my daily driver but it gets old very quickly. i dont have to buy a new one because i have 2 that i can still get up and running again. i just get tired of looking at it. i would buy it again but it wont be my only one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 30, 2009  by A Customer from Seattle WA USA  Review: So far so good, only thing that is holding it back is it's size.  isnt quite the same size as my previous computer.  the other reviewer is correct. the monitor is a bit big for me, and I'm 6'1". The size is ok for me. But I would like to be able to connect my other monitors and a few other peripherals to it. I'm not too keen on the fact that I have to hook up a keyboard to the back. , but for the price it's a good buy. . I would probably recommend this to a friend.  was just as fast as my old laptop but for $60 it's hard to beat. :)  Would you recommend this product to a friends? Yes | No  See all 7 Customer Reviews (Write a review) by John from Austin TX USA on 10/10/2009 byon 10/ it works great but the monitor isn't quite the right size for me (I'm 6 foot 1 inch tall) and the backlighting is really poor. but other than that it works well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used the device, it was working perfectly, but after about a week the device stopped working. I called tech support and they tried to tell me that the battery was bad and that I had to buy a new one. I told them I could not afford to buy new ones, but I could only use my old one. The new one, I told, would not be able to work for more than a few months because it was a new device, but they told me to contact the store where I bought it, and they would send me a new replacement. I did, and I now have to get another new one because the old one will not work anymore. I cannot recommend this device to anyone, especially not to the price it is selling for on a store website.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ I love the product and it works great but the usb port is too small and the cable is too short. It would be great if you could use the same plug size on both sides of the usb to plug into a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this to listen to a CD on the plane, but the audio quality is awful and the device is hard to use. The microphone is terrible, and the volume control on the back is difficult to use for a large person. The controls are too small, and are difficult to read when used. The only other things about the device are the fact that it is quite heavy, and it is noisy. I have to get up from the plane every few minutes to turn the radio off, and this device is a huge pain in the ass to use in the car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so excited when I bought this thing. I have an old old CRT television. It was a total mess.  The plastic was peeling off, the tubes were falling off, it had a weird blue/green/red tint to it, the glass was foggy, the buttons were flaking, and I had to spend almost $100 to get it fixed up. Â Then I opened it up to find this: Â Oh, well.  It's really cheap, but there are things that need to be fixed.    The bottom of the monitor is broken.  It's also very difficult to use the remote control to adjust the picture.  This thing just doesn't work right.  My favorite part is the little cord on the bottom, but it's just way too short.  I'm going to be getting a real TV in the near future so I can get rid of this cheap piece of junk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** I was using my Sony a7s a few weeks ago, and I really liked it. I liked the auto focus, the auto ISO settings, the low light performance, the high ISO performance, and the large full frame. Then I bought this camera and I was a little disappointed. The auto focus is not very good, it has trouble focusing in low light. The autofocus can't really keep up with the subject, even when I do everything right (which is very difficult). I think this is a good camera, but I don't think I will ever buy another Sony product again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best bang for the buck! I bought a Sony a6000 and used it on vacation to Mexico. The a6000 has much more of a professional look to it than the a7S II, but it's still my go to camera. My only complaint is the lack of autofocusing on a still image, but this is only a minor issue. It's really fun to shoot with. -Kenny  Purchased this camera for my wife who does not have much experience with a camera. She has been shooting for years with a Hasselblad, and we have had good results with both. We love the way this camera handles in the dark and has the same features. The low light ability is great for when she wants to go out on a trip. We are looking forward to getting a couple more of these and have not used them yet.  a6000 vs a7ii vs a9!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is a great camera for anyone who wants a good compact camera, or anyone who is looking for a new camera. I've been shooting with a D700 since I was 11 and it is the camera I use today. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this about a year ago because I had a bunch of other cheapo portable keyboards. It works OK for a day. The key layout is terrible and the plastic is flimsy. It's like the old typewriters of yesteryear. I got this as a replacement for my old IBM Model M keyboard, and was hoping that it would be better. Unfortunately, it's not. It is slightly better than the IBM Model B, but I still don't recommend it. I've got the original IBM Model C which is better, but the Model M is way better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ The sound quality of this thing is pretty bad, I'm not sure if it's the amp or the speakers, but the volume is pretty low, especially in the lower octaves, and the bass is kind of thin. ______________________________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________________________________ So yeah, I've been looking for a decent little computer and this is it. I got it from my parents and I just installed the drivers, so everything is fine. I don't really like the keyboard layout. I'm used to QWERTY and I don�t like the way it is in this, so I'm looking forward to getting a new keyboard. So far I like it more than the HP Mini 801 (the mini was more powerful but I like my laptop). I'm pretty sure I can use this on my home PC as well. I can do basic stuff with it like word processing and email and that's pretty good. The battery life is decent too. I have it running all day now and I've got a few movies and videos playing and the screen is still bright. I think that's a big plus for me, it's not as bright as my HP laptop (I have an HP mini 801) but I can still use it to watch movies and play some games (it can't play all the 3D games I have but it's ok for me). I would recommend this if you have a PC or something like this. _________________________________________________ ____________________________________________________________________________ The specs on the box says that it�s for a 2.4ghz Pentium and the specs are right, so that's about all I can say about it. It�s a nice computer but it�ll cost you more money than a mini desktop or laptop (like this one) and I can�t really recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Epson Moverio for my wife and I.  She liked the idea of having a scanner that she can use when she is out and about.    I have only had it a few months but it has already fallen apart.  The battery is the weakest part of the scanner.  I would only recommend this scanner to someone who is going to be on the go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the samsung s8 for a month now. the first day of use it was extremely hot to the touch. i immediately took it out of the bag and tried to cool it down. i had to turn it off and on again. it's extremely uncomfortable to use at the most basic level. it is so frustrating. ive tried the other models and they are far better. i would give this 5 stars but it needs to be upgraded. this phone needs to get a new processor. i will continue to use my s8. i just cant get my mind around how bad this phone is.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have had this product for several years now. I have to give it a 5 star because it's so easy to use and very good at what it does. I use this on my MacBook and I've used it on my desktop, iMac, and iPhone. My only complaint is that the battery does not last forever. I bought the 60 watt model and I'm only able to use it on the Mac. It takes about 5 minutes to charge the battery with the wall adapter but I've had it for a year. I'd rate this a 4 star but the price is so much better. I would purchase again but not the 60.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a Samsung TV with the hope that it would be an upgrade from my last tv. I was disappointed. I did not get the sound to work correctly. The video was bad. The sound was poor and was almost inaudible. The remote had a problem with not responding to my commands correctly and the TV did not have a picture adjustment setting. I also wanted to try out some other apps that I downloaded but the video and sound were poor. I decided to return the tv.  Did you find this helpful? 3 of 3 Found Helpful  Erik from Los Angeles, CA  4 Helpful / 2 Not  Pros: Easy to set up. Very good price. Easy to use. Very nice set top box. I like how it comes with an app for the TV. , July 27, 2016  , January 11, 2017  Easy to set. The set up is very easy and it works great. The tv has the best picture quality for the price. The TV comes with a remote which I love because it is easier to use and looks nicer than a laptop. -  - January 12, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was really looking forward to this purchase, as I was looking for a good, compact, battery powered light that also has a built in flashlight, but found that the light is very weak and doesn't do well in direct sunlight. It also doesn't have an auto on feature, so if you have it set to turn on automatically you will have to switch it off or turn it off manually. I also found the battery to be very short, it only last a few hours at max brightness. It is very bulky and hard to use in your hand. The only other negative that I found is that the battery only has a charging port in the front, but no way to recharge it. So, you have to be careful not to accidentally leave it plugged in when it is not being used. The battery door is very small and hard for your hand to get in, so it can be difficult to hold and it's difficult to get the battery out without it going all the way to the bottom of the battery door. Overall, I just think this is a really bad product, and not worth the price.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from good value but has some flaws I bought this light and the power supply at the same time to use with a 12v flashlight. I am very pleased with this product and it performs as it should. It does not use the "modes" as the other lights do. I can easily use it in its brightest mode and it charges quickly. The switch is a bit on the big side but I can live with that. I have to charge it at least once a week and the battery is very short. The light itself is very compact and light weight. It has a great light. I don't like the plastic case because it makes it look like it was made for a different purpose. But other than that, I would definitely recommend this light to anyone looking for something to carry around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years now. It has a weird issue where it just wont work. i have tried 3 different batteries, all with the same result. i just have to put it back in the box and go to the store to get a new one. ive tried putting it in my desk top drawer and i dont even have to open the case to turn it on. i hate this stupid device and its the worst electronic device i have ever had. if it had a real manual and not a crappy website i would give it a 5 star rating. i wish i would have read a review before i bought it but id rather spend money on a better device.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not worth the money. After spending a lot of time researching and trying different products, I found that this is the worst purchase I have ever made. The unit will not power on. I tried the computer, keyboard, mouse, all connected to this one device. After that, I can't get it to start at all. I can only type in the address bar. The battery is at 80%. I hope the person that sold me this device was not aware of the issues with it. The only thing that I would recommend is buying a real device and using it. But if you want to try this device, you are better off getting a real one and replacing the battery with a new battery that is at least 2 years old. I also tried to use it in the fridge and all the buttons don't work, I had to use a regular mouse to use the keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My first time using the product. It came with a good set of instructions. I put the device on a shelf and put it in my car. The device does not work at all. When I look up at the clock it does not show the time at all, it only shows time. I did not get the "hope" message. My guess is the time on the screen is not accurate. I tried the device again and it works fine. I would never buy this item again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The quality is not the best, but it's the best I have used and it lasts.  I have been using this for two years now and the batteries last forever.    Read full review I have used this for about 4 years.  It's the only device that I have owned that still works, no problems at all.  This is a great product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I have to say that the quality of this speaker is awful. I have an iPod 5th gen and the sound is so distorted and harsh, especially on high end songs like Katy Perry, I have been able to't listen to my music at all. It's just bad. I wish they would give this speaker a 1 star rating.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product! I purchased a pair of these for my office, they are a bit louder than my car stereo, but I like that. They fit great in my desk.  I can't believe the quality these speakers are! I've bought a couple of speakers before and never been so impressed with the sound. Great build quality and sound, they definitely stand out from the crowd!  The sound is great. The sound is much better than the other cheap models I've seen. It is loud enough to play in a smaller room. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The first time I had this device, it worked fine for about a month. I got it for my kids. Now they're old enough to be watching movies on it and it doesn't work at all. They can't find the "movie" when I ask for it. My kids have had it since it was first released but now I think I'm going to return it.  No good: __________________________ My wife and I purchased this to use as an entertainment device in our home. The device arrived at our house last week. It worked well for the first few days. After that, it would only get 1 hour of usage a day. So, I returned it. I called the company to see if I could exchange it for a new one. They said they couldn't give me a refund because they don't ship their devices out of the USA. We also talked to a rep at the store to see what the problem was and he said that the screen was cracked. So far, we haven't tried another brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned 3 different ipads in the last year, 2 are dead and the other one has been replaced and its the same. ive had no issues with it. ily's is a little better quality, but i think i will stick with ily when i want a tablet.   I bought a black ily as a gift for my sister, it's been great. She loves it. I would recommend it to anyone who has an ipad.   of course i have a honda xt500. I have no problem with it, its a great device. But i love the ily, and i have been using the ipad for about a year. I'm sure ily is going to have a good life.   I am currently using an ily to read the web, but ily has a problem, and that is the iley always starts up when you go to sleep. I tried setting it to sleep automatically when i wake up and it does, but it always wakes up.   for the price i dont think ily can be beat.  .  :)   A great tablet for the money. I got this to go with the xt, but the lly is awesome. I am going to buy a new ily this weekend and i'm happy i did. I just got it in the mail today.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ After I got my new device it came with a big problem, my battery is dead. This is a bad problem because I can't connect my iPod to my laptop. I used to connect it via bluetooth to my computer. I can still hear music but the sound is so bad that I can barely hear the other person talking. I have to keep my iPod in the car and my laptop on my desk. I don't want to be forced to listen to my music on a device I can never connect. I guess I can just buy a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The touch screen is not responsive at all. It was hard to move the screen up and down to see the menu options. When you are in the menu, you cannot move up and make any changes. It would be much better if they just added an additional touch pad in the bottom of the device and moved the touch screen to that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this as a backup to my main computer. It has a great sound, and works great as a replacement to the old laptop. It's a bit noisy when it's on, but it's so quiet that you don't notice. I have a Macbook Air and a MacBook Pro that were both purchased in 2008, and both have very bad speakers. The sound of the sound card is pretty bad in my case. However, I am happy with my purchase, especially considering the price.  Good product but very noisy, could use a power supply I am using this for a small business and had an old Macbook Pro that has a poor sound quality. I wanted a better product than that. This sound card works better and has better sound quality than my Macbook. I would highly recommend this product. I am very happy with the product and the price point was very good. .  the sound is a little muffled and a little noisy but that is to be expected with this product  It's good, but I think the Macbook speaker is better. It makes the computer sound a bit less loud, but the sound quality is good. I haven't tried the Mac sound card though so I can't say for sure.  is sound card worth it? I am looking for a replacement for my old macbook pro sound card. I was very impressed with this one. The quality of the card is good and it sounds good. However I have noticed that when it is connected to my Mac Book Pro, the sound gets a bit loud and the volume level is a bit high. Is it worth it to replace the old card or should I get the macbook sound card instead?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** The sound is not good for a portable device, the phone was very heavy. The battery is very small, so I could not use it with other devices. I can not understand the warranty and how they give you a return but they never send it back. This is not a good product!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this unit for several months and i love it. however, i was not expecting to be so disappointed when i found that the speaker has been replaced with a cheap plastic speaker. ive tried to return the unit but am having a hard time doing so because the unit is so new. ve been using the unit all day and the unit does not even turn on properly. i dont understand why it is replaced when it is so easy to repair. it also turns on to high volume so im not even able to hear the voice. i know that the warranty covers the replacement speaker but it does not cover the price i paid to repair the defective unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!I love my new mp3 player! My new mp5 has been a godsend. I can listen to music on the bus or while waiting at a stop light, and it has a great sound! I'm not sure what happened, but it suddenly started randomly losing playback and starting to crack and eventually fall apart. I have a very good friend that bought one of these, and when he tried to repair it, the screen cracked. When I bought this one I thought it would be much better, but I was so wrong. This thing is horrible. I am so disappointed that I had to go to another store and pay a lot of money for a piece of junk. I would highly recommend that you get rid of this item as soon as possible, it's really very bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a pfSense since 2011. it is a good product but its not the most reliable thing ever. i had to buy another one because i had a virus on it. after all the money i spent it was unreliable. and i am still using my old pfsense. but when the computer is broken it is useless, so you have to buy a new one for a new computer. i dont recommend this to anyone but i just bought a new macbook air and pf sense didnt even work on it... theres no way to tell if it is pf or not.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is my first computer and I will never buy another from Apple!!! The software and the hardware are not compatible with each other. The software is completely messed up. The interface is confusing. I would not recommend this computer.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Mad Catz Mini-14 Pro Gaming Keyboard w/ Wireless Controller for Nintendo Switch - Black with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Facebook page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  The winners will be announced on or around July 20, 2017.  a Rafflecopter giveaway
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the screen on the "Gigabyte U55-P43" was very hard to see, I had to look for the menu and when I finally found it, it was so hard to read. I also had to adjust the brightness setting twice to get it to light up properly. The "GIGABYTE U55" doesn't come with a micro USB cable which is a little inconvenient, but this might just be a problem with the U55. If you're looking for a gaming laptop with the features and power of an i7 but not the price tag, look no further than the Gigabyte U550.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6 plus I bought the new iphones 6s Plus for my husband and i use it as my everyday iphonelife. But the screen is not as good as the 5s. I was hoping for a good display, but the display is too dim and hard to see at a very bright setting. The phone itself is very thin and light. It is almost to thin as a credit card. The screen is very small, and the design is really great. But for the price you would have to spend a lot more to get the same quality of screen, or a better phone. And even if you do, you have to deal with the poor battery life. I am very disappointed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Amazing product This is the best phone I have ever had. It looks beautiful and is very lightweight and small. I can fit my entire family on one battery. The only con I can think of is the battery life, it will last for about 2 hours if you charge it up right and you get around 10 hours on a full charge. The battery is really cheap but the phone is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********  I love the design and functionality of the device. I do however feel that the unit is a bit slow to start. The first time I used it it would be on for a few seconds and then shut down for some reason. The second time I tried it it did the same thing but it would go back on for about 3 seconds before shutting off again. I tried resetting the device but that only fixed the problem. The other issue is that the screen goes black for a couple seconds after pressing the power button but that doesn't happen on my other electronic devices. So far I have only used the device about 2 times so I'm still very happy with the device as a whole but I would have much preferred if the first time would work just fine.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device. ***********  This is a very nice, very simple, very powerful and very functional device. The only thing I wish was different is that I wish it had a USB port instead of a serial port. I wish that the power could be turned off after a few minutes. Other than that, I'm very happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- --------------------------- I got this as a Christmas gift for my wife and she has been loving it. It has been great but I think the buttons could be a little easier to use. I'm also a bit concerned that the buttons can be a bit loose. I would recommend this to a friend but I am going to give it away to a family member. I like it for the price but I'd like a better device with a more reliable connection.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------  A terrible purchase, very cheap, not worth the money. It was supposed to be a good product but was very weak and unreliable.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  Good and inexpensive for the price of the unit  by Brian from California on 10/28/2013   It was a good buy for the money and works fine, it is a little tight on the battery and it has been in use for a while so it should last a while. , but I would have preferred a more powerful motor. It works perfectly fine but I am having trouble with the motor getting to full speed, but that could just be me. I don't know if I can afford a better one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a good device if you don't need much storage, you just need to transfer files, it works well, but you can't really use it as a media player. The software is good and the interface is intuitive but if you're an old computer person and are thinking of upgrading, I'd recommend waiting until the next generation is out, as the interface will be more intuitive and it should be much better. Also, I've had this device for a little over a month and the screen has been intermittent with intermittent crashes and other strange things happening. I'm using it in my bedroom and on my desktop computer and I'm finding it hard to use it for anything else. Also I've never heard of this type of device being discontinued before. I would love to get this one again and maybe try a better model, but I'm not going to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my e-cig for a week now and it's great! i just got my first one and i'm very pleased with it! i've had some really bad products before and this is the best ive ever had! ive been vaping for 4 years and i have had a few bad e-cigs, but this is a true 5! i love the battery life and the taste is amazing!!!!  Not worth the money! So far, my e cig has not worked. After 2 days, the mouthpiece is cracked and broken, and the battery is completely dead.  Great for the price! I've had my vape for about a month and it works great. I only got it so I can use it as a backup to my phone, but I would recommend this as a great value. I would definitely recommend this.    The batteries I bought are not rechargeable. I have tried to use the battery to charge it. The battery doesn't seem to stay charged for long. ....  So far so good I've been using the Smok XV1 for a while now. The quality and performance is great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product was great until it broke after 6 months of use. It started to bend at the bottom and became useless. I returned it and purchased a similar brand.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 28, 2016  Good and cheap  by Richard from Bensalem PA USA  Pros: Works well, simple to use  Cons: None  Review: The product works as it should and is inexpensive.  "The Best!"  I was looking for a portable scanner that is cheap, reliable and powerful. The Sennheiser PC3200 has all those characteristics and it works just as well as any of my other scanners.  a real bargain at this price point. -Richard  Yes No Thursday, August 27, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought a very old laptop to replace an older one that I had had since my teenage years. I am so glad that I did not buy the original one because the original laptop had a very poor hard drive (that is still intact, however). My old laptop had been a total failure and I was so very disappointed that the old one was so much worse. I used the old laptop until it died in March 2011, and the new one that came with the computer in February 2011 was great. However, the keyboard was horrible, the battery lasted for less than a week, and I really don't know why the new laptop had such a poor hard disk, so it was time to go back to my original laptop. The only good thing about the original computer was that I could use the touch pad on the back to navigate the screen. The keyboard and the touchpad on the new computer were horrible. The mouse felt cheap. The screen was also horrible. It was a very bright, and very small, monitor. I was very disappointed with this purchase. It's only a $300 laptop. It should have been a $700 laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I did after installing the receiver was turn on my iPod and the computer. There was a faint hum, as if the computer had some type of computer chip malfunction. The receiver was a total waste of money. It does what it is supposed to do, but the sound quality is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is not worth it!   I bought this thing for a project. I wanted to build an arduino and some LED's to control some lights. I read about the new micro-controller and it sounded interesting. I got the one and then had to buy a breadboard, and that took forever. When I got it I was so excited to start on the project. Then I got to the part that is supposed to control the arduino, but there is no way to get that to work. It just says that it is connected, but nothing happens. I have tried for like 30 minutes and nothing is working. I am so disappointed. I don't know what to do, or if I should keep it. The price seems high, but it would have been cheaper to buy the archer, and buy the micro-usb cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The new iPod is the new iPhone with a better screen"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The worst of them all is the digital watch"  - John M. Ford   I just ordered the "newest" model, and am very disappointed. I got the watch because the other models were in poor repair. The watch is in really bad shape, but I don't think I can use it anyway. I'm sorry, but it's not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my son for Christmas and he was excited to play with it but as he began playing he realized that it was a little hard to get to the buttons. Once he got the buttons to the point where he could turn them but not do anything else he stopped playing and said that he was disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a portable recorder for over a year. i have had a couple of my own and i love the sound quality, but the size of this thing is not right for me. i could barely fit my ipod in there! i bought the recorder for a small job at my house. i did a lot of work and recorded a lot on it, but my job wasn't that difficult. it works well. i like the digital input and recording option and it is light weight. but i would like to get a smaller model for traveling or for portable recording. i would recommend this unit to a friend who is a musician. but it wouldnt be my first choice for home use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! i ordered this phone for my brother for his birthday because he wanted something smaller than his iPhone 5s!!! and he said it was good so i got it!!! well it's not! he's going to be in so much trouble because of this!!! it's so slow!!! no wifi! no apps! it's the slowest phone i have ever seen!!! don't get this phone!!! you will regret it!!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- It is a cheap product. The sound quality is average, the screen is ugly and the build quality is pretty poor. I have had to replace it a few times because it is just not reliable.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very Good Portable Audio Player I have used my old Sony Walkman for many years, but the size of the device was very limiting and I didn't want to carry it around with me. I finally purchased a new Sony Walkmen. This new model is much better than the old one. The controls are more ergonomic and easy to use. I like the color as well. The audio quality is very good and very good for portable. I would recommend this product.  I also used the audio player on a recent trip to New Zealand. The quality of the sound was very good, but a bit louder than I like. I use it to listen to a CD or MP3. I will definitely be buying another Sony Walkmans to use on trips.    It's hard to rate because I like to have a few different models to listen. It is very compact and it's portable, but if you are looking for a very small, but very powerful portable audio player, the Walkman SE is not for you. You may like it but I didn not. The control layout is not very user friendly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipod for about a month now and it is a bad device. there is a reason i gave it zero stars. the sound quality is terrible and the battery life is less than 1 month. i have a macbook pro that uses the same battery and it lasts for about 4 years. the ipod should be given a zero for sound quality, and maybe a one for battery life.   Good sound and battery life  By B.W. on July 23, 2012  The sound is really good for music and movies, but not so much for movies. The battery life for movies is good, but the phone is pretty small and the screen is very dim. So the battery is getting low.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "I bought this to connect my laptop to my tv. But the tv screen does not work and it is so annoying to plug it in. It's not very stable at all. The cable is really hard to pull out and I have to pull it with two hands. But it's not that hard to plug in the cable on the tv. I guess it is a good product because you can hook it to a tv and a laptop at the same time. But in the end it's really a pain to connect both things together. I will not be buying any more of these products." Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael from A good product, works perfectly. Easy to use.  Rated 4 out of 4 by Anonymous from Does the job. Does the work. Only thing that bothers me is that you have to put it back on to power it up, no matter what. But that is the only real negative about it. The other positives are that it looks nice, it's a small unit, it is very easy to use, and it's very easy on the eyes.  and the best part is that it does it all for $6.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a really hard time getting this device to work. It's been working fine for me for the past couple of years. I just couldn't get it to work on my newer laptop. It seemed to be having trouble connecting to the network. I thought it might be the old computer that I bought. I got a new laptop a few weeks ago and this was still failing.  So I decided to try and get it working on my laptop. I tried with the help of google but could not get it done. I'm not sure what to do. I have the new MacBook and I have a newer wireless router so I thought that maybe this was a router problem.    I just thought that this would work on a wireless router but not my laptop and I don't think it would work.   Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 weeks now, and it has been the worst purchase ever. i purchased the original device, as i thought it would be better. i went with the pro version, because it came with the usb to usb cables. the only thing that is terrible about this is the battery life, it only lasts for like 3 hours. it is only a 3 star product, as the pro one is much better, i would buy it again, but with a little more money i would not purchase this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The keyboard is really bad. I can't use it because the key spacing is too much. The function keys are so small. I just don't use that much and I can tell you, the keys are not at all clear. When I look at the keyboard, I feel like I'm in a school. The backlight is not very bright, and the buttons are hard to use. It also doesn't have any sound, so you have to speak into it to get it to work. The battery life is not that great either. I have it on all the time for about 5 hours. But that's it. I'm just not interested in buying another one of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present, and I thought that it was perfect for her, but then the first day she had to be rushed to the emergency room because she had a seizure. I had to call an ambulance, and the ER doctor took her to the hospital for observation, where she was found to have a bad seizure, and had to have her right ear replaced.  The doctor told her she should never use this device again, and gave her a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10. ______________________________________________________________ If you're in the market for an all in one unit, this one will do the trick.    I have had mine since September of 2014 and the only problems I have experienced are minor and not too expensive to fix.  The unit itself is well built and is very simple to use.  The unit is easy to read on the screen and has a nice display.  If you are looking for a unit to use with your PC, laptop, or tablet, this is a good unit to consider.  For the price I think it is a great buy for the user, 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple months and it is still making funny noises. it doesn't come with a cord but i bought the micro usb adapter because the old one did not have one. i have to charge it by plugging it into a USB port and not charging it at all. when i plug in my phone the screen goes blank. i don't have a good explanation for that. but other than that its good. the only reason i give it 1 star is because the battery has died. i thought it was just defective but it has been going on and off for at least a month.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have the original Motorola MOTO X which is amazing. I was hoping to get the same with this one but it isn't. I have a small kid who is always playing with a phone and can't do that with this thing. He can play a game on it and even look at pictures but he can't even use it for a couple of seconds. I would never buy another one of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I purchased this device in hopes that it would replace my iPhone, but after a month of using this, I am completely disappointed. The screen is a joke, and the phone is not even a good idea. The battery life is horrible, and while the microphone is decent, I still have to turn it on and off with a button on the back of the phone, and then the phone does not work when it does. It's so much harder to use a phone than it is to use the tablet and I'm disappointed in it's performance.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over a year and it is the only one i have bought that has not broken down and has not given me any issues.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device was supposed to be the best thing since the microprocessor, but it has been a failure from the first day. The screen on it is horrible. It has to be fixed asap, the micro processor chip is so unstable. Also, the battery does not last as long as I would like it to. The charging is a disaster, the USB port on the back does not charge at all, so you will need to use the mini-USB port on your computer to charge it. This thing is also hard to set up and set up is a pain. The fact that it comes with only one program to do is also a big fail. You can't do any of the basic functions of a desktop computer. It can't play a video game because the computer can't see it. The mouse is a horrible one, the buttons are hard to use. The sound is so-so. It plays a little bit, but only on my computer speakers. All in all, this is the worst product I have ever seen. It is also the most expensive one. Do not waste your money on this one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from The best I am very happy with the software and everything is very easy to use I just wish that I could have the program that I downloaded on my mobile phone but this is good enough for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------I bought this item because it looked good and was well made. Unfortunately, I bought this product with the intent of making it my main electronic device. The product is very cheaply made, the power supply is terrible, the buttons are not responsive and are hard to turn. It doesn't even come with a manual! The device is very heavy and I can't imagine using this as my primary device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the karaoke keyboard and the sound is terrible and i cant find a place to buy another one cause the korea ebay seems to have been discontinued. i dont understand why this is the only karaos i can find.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is not reliable. The battery would die about 6 months after I got it, and the screen was so low that I couldn't even read it on the TV. I had to buy another one for the kids, and even that one lasted about 2 months. I also had to replace the power cord on the other side. This device would last about 2 years on the lowest brightness setting. I have it for the money, but I would rather have had a higher quality, long lasting unit. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This product does not work, the screen was a mess, I would have to return it and get a new one, I have to use it to play with my kid and my son's friend is not happy about that I'm glad I got this one it worked well for a month or two but the screen started to become blurry, after a while the screen just stops working and the power button is a no go, the battery life is pathetic, not enough for a week and a half of use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a psu with this in the past and it just doesn't work. it takes too long to charge and takes forever to boot up. i had to go buy a psa again because it was no longer in stock.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the speaker is so bad, I couldn't even enjoy the song. The sound was really loud. I had to crank the volume up to get any sound. I've had many a good speaker but this one is a DONE.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while and ive been using it as my daily driver. it was working great for a year or so until the power button stopped working and a couple of weeks later the phone screen had been scratched up. i replaced it with a new one and its still working great but now the screen has begun to get very scratchy and the buttons are very clicky. i would give it a one star rating if i could but i cant be bothered to wait for a refund as i paid full price for this phone and i am very disappointed in the quality and performance of this phone. i am using this as a daily driver and it has given me more trouble then i expected.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from The new Moto X is a fantastic phone. I love it. It's super thin, light, and very powerful. I would recommend this phone to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is crap!  The thing doesn't work. It only has 2 buttons. One is to change the display, and the other to change volume. I think it's supposed to be for the back light. It just gives you the impression that the screen is off. I'm very disappointed.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a good idea, but you get what you pay for. The price point of the unit is so high that I have no intention of ever replacing it. It's good for the basic functions like phone calls, text messages, and emails, but I'd rather use a more reliable phone. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 19, 2015 I purchased the iphone 6s Plus a few weeks ago. It works great. It has great features and the battery lasts forever. I love this phone. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a great phone. It is my everyday phone. Thanks to Apple! Was This Review Helpful, "iPhone 6 Plus" by Anonymous User (2 Reviews) : Pros: Excellent camera with slow shutter, great picture, very good speaker. Cons:  1. The iphones iphono player has no sound. You have to get a good sound system and pay a lot for it to get good sound.  2. The screen is very bright. It takes a long time to turn off when the phone is off. 3. It gets hot after some time of use.  4.  I wish the ics is like the ipad.   Was this Review helpful to you? Yes No Saturday, August 22, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has been around for a while.  It is very durable, but it was the battery that was a problem.       There was not a battery replacement on the site when I ordered it.     The product arrived in a couple days, but I'm still waiting for the replacement.    It took about 4 days for the battery to start working properly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used it for a month and i was surprised when the battery died on me at the end of the day and i called for a replacement and the guy on the phone said it was in stock and it would be here in 10-12 days but it didn't get here and when i contacted apple the guy said he had no idea how long they would take to ship it to me but the next day the guy called and apologized for the delay and told me the new battery was out of stock so i bought a new one for about $20 and its been working fine since then. i don't use it much anymore because i don' t need it but it's still worth the money to have it around.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When i first got this thing, it was in great shape. The screen had some blemishes but nothing that would ruin it. The sound was OK, but there is always the issue of having to turn on the speaker. That is a major turn off for me. I have a Sony HT-PC3000, and I am so glad I got this. I can listen to music and movies on this and not have to worry about my system turning on. I think that I will be upgrading my other units from this brand to this brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The price is too high! The cable does not fit into the socket very well and has a very bad quality. It takes too long to charge and does not work well! It does not even work with my old laptop!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost a month and it just gets worse and worse, i had a cheapo laptop but this one is worse then that, every time you turn it on it just says "firmware is not compatible" i have no idea how the heck i am supposed to work with this thing, it seems to have a serious defect, if it doesn't work i can't fix it, i tried using a usb cable and the usb connector is made of plastic and is cheap, it would be nice if the usb connection could be made out of metal instead of plastic
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ The best part is that it can be charged with the included AC adapter (which is included with the charger) when the batteries are empty. Unfortunately, the other parts of the device (the battery and charger) are cheap, plastic, and the battery will only last a few weeks.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 04, 2012  I would give this a 5 star but this part doesn't work  by Jeff from Oskaloosa WI USA  Pros: good price, good performance, good quality, simple to use  Cons: charger doesn't charge the batteries  Review: I used to buy a new battery every few months. This thing lasted the entire time, and charged my cell phone. The charger is a good size, and I recommend it. .  of 5 Tried a new one with my new cell phone and it charged fine, but the battery is not good. I am not sure if the battery has gone bad or if it is the charger or the battery. But I am glad I bought this product.  that said I had a great time getting it set up, I was just worried about having to buy another battery for the same phone I have now.  the charger works great, but my phone will charge fine when I'm done with it, but it will not charge the battery on the side. The side battery will not turn on at all. It just keeps going down, then down again. I'm still trying to figure out what's wrong with it. But, I have it working great, and my phone is fully charged. I don't think I'll need another battery. The battery is cheap, but if it lasts through the next 5-10 years, I'll be happy.  with the batteries, I will have to find another one. ,,  Good product but the charger does not work. :  of 5 I purchased a new phone and the only way to charge it was to buy two batteries (one for the side battery, one for the main battery). The batteries last about 5 months. -Steve
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The thing works fine. I did have to remove the case and put it back together because it came apart. But it worked. The only bad thing about it is that the screen does not have an auto brightness option like the Apple iPad or the Samsung Galaxy Tab. This thing has a very low battery life and you have to use it as a tablet.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Raveen from Excellent Product The screen is amazing, it's so bright it can see in the dark, even indoors. The camera is amazing as well, I've never been a fan of cameras, but the Samsung galaxy s4 is the best camera I have ever used. The screen has a touch screen so it doesn't matter what type of phone you use to make calls, the screen will just work. I have the silver one. The sound is amazing on this device as well. It is so loud and crisp that I don't care what you are listening to, it sounds perfect on this phone. The battery is the same as the S5 so that is nice. The one thing I don�t like about this phone is that it doesn�t have a camera button, but I suppose that�s to be expected from a $400 phone. It also doesn�ve a fingerprint sensor. This is my first time using a tablet, and it�s a great one. This phone has no lag, it�ll never slow down, and has the best screen of any phone. For only $400 you can get a good phone, and the Samsung S4 has a beautiful screen. I will recommend this phone to anyone that wants a new phone, but doesn�'t want to pay the price of a Samsung Galaxy S5 or an iPhone 6S or a Google Pixel.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife bought this device thinking it was going to be great. The day we got it she opened the box and saw it had a few small scratches and the power cord was damaged. The power cord is not rated for 220v so that is a big issue. If the cord were rated for 230v and she bought a 230v power cord then she could not use it. The box is also in very bad condition. There is not a lot of protective material on it. It is just a box with a few wires sticking out of it. She also noticed the "smart" feature didn't work and it would not turn on. The "smartphone" feature is a joke and you can't call anyone or use any apps. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the K-3 for the money, but i never got to use it because it stopped working. It just shut off after about 30 minutes of continuous use. I had to use a power supply just to turn it back on. I did not like the way the phone looks. It's just a big square with no buttons. It was hard to get the buttons in the right position to make a call.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It has been 2 weeks and i have tried to find a replacement but the only one that came in the mail was from ebay, i did a search on my phone and found this one on amazon. i paid around $80 for it, the only downside is the only other thing i could think of is if i have a problem with the phone it is on the ground. but that is the price you pay for this phone. if you can't afford to buy a real phone this is a good alternative, i would recommend this one over any other.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used my moto g for years but the sound is way to good. i went out to get the latest and greatest model and after a couple weeks of using the g i decided it wasnt worth the money. i replaced it with a lg g4 and still use it everyday but if youre going to pay top dollar for a new smartphone its better to go for something that isnt the best. but with all that said i still love my mg and it isnt terrible
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ If you have a defective electronic device, you may have to replace it or get a new one. If the original device is faulty, then you may be out of luck. If you use your device for more than a few hours a day, the battery may be too old and you can't use it for a long time. Also, it can be difficult to get the correct voltage to the correct place. You may be able to find a replacement, but if not, you might be able find an adapter that will let you use it again. A few more notes: ------------- The most popular brands are: Sony Ericsson and Samsung. Sony Erickson is the same as the one that came with your old laptop. It is a single sided PCB with one input and one output. If your original laptop has the same model number, it is a Samsung. You will have to get a replacement or upgrade from the original. You might also have to do some searching to find out the correct part number. For a replacement part, you will have a harder time. ------------ You can make your own adapter if you know the part number of your old device. You can use a Dremel tool with a grinding wheel to make a socket, a socket-to-socket adapter, or a USB-to USB adapter. The last one is easier to use. -------------- I do not think that you should be using the Samsung for anything more than 10 to 15 minutes a day. If this is your case, then it will be a good idea to get an external charger for your device and keep a backup battery in it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** ********** ********* ******** ******** * ******** (the price was so low, i thought i was getting a cheap device but it was a waste of money ) ******** **** **** **** ******** *** **** **************** ******** ** **** **** * **************** **** ***** ******************** **** ************** **** ***** ************* ************************ ************ *** ************** ***** **** **** *** **** **** *** **************************** ************* ******* ***** (its not very powerful and not as nice to use as the ones from other manufacturers) ************ ********( its pretty noisy, i think its better to use a battery charger and a mouse ) *************** ***************** ************ **** *** *** ***** * ************ ( the battery is not good, it does not last as long as my Samsung s7) ******************* **** ------------------------ ********- ***** *** *********************** *** ------------------------ **** ******* ******************* ------------------------*** ****** ******************* ~~~~~~~~ ********************* ~~~~~~~~****** (the mouse does not work well, the price is so low but i could not find any good ones for less than 50 bucks) ****************** ************ ** *********************************** * ------------------------- ******** --- *** ------------- ********--- ****************( this device does not come with a battery, you have to buy it separately, and its only good for 10 mins) --------------- ******** -------------------- -------------------------- ------------------------ *** ------------ ********. ------------** ------------------------ --- --- --------------------------- ------------------------ * --------------- --- ------------------ ---------------*** ---------------******* (i really need to find a good mouse, and a good battery charger, i can not buy these things)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The "Touch" is a very good product, but there are some problems with the "Touch". First of all, the "touch" screen is too small for my hands, so it doesn't feel like you are touching the phone. The second is that the " touch " screen is touch sensitive, so when you try to touch a "touch sensitive" area, you feel it, but when you press on the touch screen, it doesn' t give any kind of feedback. I know it's supposed to be touch sensitive but that doesn't make sense for an "electronic device". The "Touch", for me, is a great idea, but not for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! Not bad, but I think that it will last a bit longer than the other one i bought, i really liked it. It was ok. The power is not the best, it is a little bit too bright. The buttons are very easy to press. The build quality is not bad. The quality is ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The device works well. It's cheap and works just as well as the others, but I've had to reset it 3 times now. This is because the cable is too short and the power supply doesn't provide the current needed to power the device. It should be long enough, and the charger is not powerful enough to charge it, but it's easy to replace the cable and it would work better if it came with a good battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have this in a very old, very worn out machine (4 years old). The sound quality is ok but the sound comes through the speakers so I have to crank it up VERY high for it to even play on it's own. I have been using this device for almost 10 years and had to buy a brand new machine because the old one would not even play music. I use it with a pair of headphones but there is no point in buying a good sound system for this. If it was made with better speakers it would have been much better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this laptop for about a month now and it is still broken. i purchased it at an electronic store and the guy was very good about helping me. after about a week the screen broke and the hinge fell off. i had to return it. i have no idea if its the quality of the plastic but the keyboard and touchpad have started to fall off. it's been about a year and a half and i have had to pay about $150 to get a new one. i do not recommend this device. i bought it because it was cheap and i wanted to play around with it. but after a month, the hinge has broken and the screen is very broken. if you dont want to spend more money than you have to for a laptop, then this is not the one. if this is the one, i would recommend looking for a different one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned two of these for about a year now and i can tell you i have only had them for a couple of months and they dont even come close to the quality of the other models. the buttons and sound of the mpc are fine but the mppc is the absolute worst. it's a little over priced and the buttons are very stiff and not clicky. i can't say enough bad things about this product. the only good thing i can say about this unit is that it is very quiet which is a plus and has an amazing volume control. ive also been told that it has a nice battery life. the bad is the buttons on the mmpc dont have a clicky feeling to them so you have to press hard to get a sound. and the sound quality of it is horrible. i was able to buy a cheap mpc on ebay for $30 and it sounds great. its a nice little unit but i am really disappointed that i am paying $200 more for a mpc that is not even close to what i am getting from my mpc s2 which is $100 more but its so much better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a hd tv for a while now and its terrible. its not good at all for watching movies, playing games and the like. my tv can be used to watch movies in 720p but cant stream anything at all. i wouldnt even bother if i wasnt paying $50 a month for this crap. i have had other tv's but the hd one has been the worst. i am looking into getting a tv that can stream.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a new MacBook Air for a college class. I was extremely impressed with the speed and quality of the device, but I soon found out that the internal storage was very small. I purchased a 1 TB drive, but the internal drive only has 500 MB. I had to back up all my data. The price is very reasonable for a quality laptop. I have used the Apple support phone and the person there has been extremely helpful. The only problem is that the MacBook Air is still very difficult to use. I would not recommend this laptop to anyone. I've replaced it three times.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! The electronic part of this device is a joke. It was hard to set up and the battery lasted about 30 seconds. I thought the battery life was much better than my old phone. This is the WORST phone I've ever used. This phone is a waste of money and a pain in the butt to use. I wish I had just waited until I got my old one back!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s is horrible. I bought the phone to replace my samsung galaxy s3. The phone is a complete disappointment and it seems that this phone is only good for texting. I'm a music fan so I wanted something more than a phone that has a built in mp3 player. The screen is awful. It's not clear at all, the screen is black and white, the quality is low, the viewing angle is bad, the size is small and the battery life is terrible. This phone is useless. The battery life of 4 hours is just not enough for me. I was using the phone on a 2 day battery and it only lasted 2 hours. The only thing that makes this phone better than the s3 is the fact that it has a screen protector and a headphone jack. But this phone should not cost over $200 dollars when there are other phones that have a better screen and a battery.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 10, 2012  Good but...  by Ralf from Lubbock TX USA  Pros: great battery life, works well with the iPhone.  and it's light  Cons: not as good as my iPhone 5  Review: So far so good. I got this as a Christmas gift for my son. He's not a big fan of the iPhone but he has been playing with this one and he really enjoys it. The video is a little laggy for the first 30 minutes or so, but then it settles in. The buttons are responsive and the speaker is loud. I've had a Sony phone for years and I have to say the sound is a lot better with the A5. I do use a Sony headset so it's a good deal. The camera is ok. The quality of the images are better than on the iPhone 5 but not as great as on the A4. There is no video recording but you can play back a few clips. I also have a Sony camcorder so I have the option to use the phone as a camcorders. So far I've been very pleased with this phone. I don't think I will buy the A6. But it's not as bad as I thought.  the iPhone is not a bad phone at all. I just think the A7 will be better. :)  was this review helpful to you
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the Apple TV a few weeks ago, and I have not had it for more than a week. The remote control is a joke, as well as the touch screen. It's just a big plastic, black thing, with no buttons, and no function. I am an experienced computer and video game player, and even though I have a lot of video games, I don't use the touch on my remote controls to play them. I was very disappointed when I realized I didn't need the touch. The Apple TV has no games, no movies, no tv shows, nothing. There are no apps to play. I did find a video of a woman playing games in a living room on a TV with a remote control. I guess it's better than nothing. I'll have to buy a new remote control next year. The touch doesn't work well at all. I had a couple of other electronic devices that I also gave away because they were awful. The TV is still a good purchase for $149, but I don?t think I will buy a second one, even though the remote control works well.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this for a friend who has always been a fan of the original iBook, this is a cheap replacement. he was very disappointed with the quality of this iBook. i would never buy it again and i doubt the quality will hold up for very long. i'm going to put the original in the closet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The "R" key does not work on the X1 and it is very hard to turn the volume up. I have not tried a "D" key, but I am sure that would be a good improvement. I would also like to have a way to connect my X1 to a computer for remote control. There is no USB port and the power cord is only 4 ft long. The unit is not even a replacement for a regular computer. It is just an accessory for a computer. The "S" key is a good idea but not good enough. There are no options to turn it off. I just turned off the "S". I have two other X1's and I am not sure that I want to spend $400 on this product. It was a good deal for $200 but I would have rather bought an extra computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This is the WORST product!!!! My device was bad and when i bought it i knew it was bad but i was happy because it was only 50 bucks. It has a terrible build quality, is so hard to turn on and has to be put on a flat surface for it to work correctly. Its really very hard to use. My only redeeming feature is that the touch screen is very nice. I have a touch screen TV but this is better than any tv i have owned. I am very disappointed in the price for the device, this is a really bad deal!!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by mike from great little device I have had this since I got it in late 2012 and still use it to watch Netflix on my iPad. The quality is amazing and it has a nice touch screen which is nice to use at times. The price is really great as well. It is my main TV but i have the Roku 3 and it is very good. It's really easy to use and the screen is large enough for me to watch on the couch with my girlfriend or when we have to watch TV and movies at the same time. I would recommend it to anyone who is a Netflix addict.  5 out of 6 by Kaitlin from Great little device for the price! I've had my TvPlayer for about a month now, and so far I've loved it. The only thing I dislike about it is that I don't have a remote control to get the buttons to work, which I do with other devices. It was very easy to set up and I have found it easy to navigate the interface. I also like that the remote is pretty simple, just push the button and it comes up with a menu of options. It also has a lot of functions that I didn't know I needed, like turning it on and off. It can't stream Netflix though, so I'm still looking for a solution to that. I donned the black version for the first time, and it looks really nice. The build quality is great, and I feel like it's built to last.  (Posted on 6/21/17)  Nice! Bought this for the second time. Works perfectly! Love the touch interface and easy to configure.  of 5 stars Review by Rene Reviewed by: Rene I bought this as my second TV. I use the touch remote to control it. Works well with the remote but
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone was great until I got a black   new phone. The   key is terrible!   This   phone is just a gimmick. I am looking   to get a new   smart phone and this is the   worst   of all   I can say about it. I got the  iPhone 5s and it   does   not   compare to   my   previous   phones.   If   you   want   a   real   Smart Phone you   need   something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This was my first purchase from here. I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2, and it turned out to be a very disappointing purchase. I had it for a little over a week. My tablet is a very nice device, but it was too heavy, not sturdy, and had a horrible screen. I went to the store to try to return it. I told them I wanted to exchange it, but they said they would not do that. I asked them to send me a new one, but again, they said no. I finally got a refund, but I had to go to the company to do that as they said I had not used the device. When I was leaving they gave me a coupon that would get me a 20% discount on any Samsung device. I'm still a little upset that they won't refund my purchase, but at least I have a new Samsung Tab 2.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Posted By:1 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This item did not work, it would not work at all. The sound is horrible. I had to have it replaced because it wouldnt work and it wasnt even a good unit. So now I have to find another one. This device is a waste of money. The only thing I can say is that the box is nice, but if you get a good one, you should just get a real good one.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought the xt849 in two different flavors the ipsa and the ipt849 ive had both and they are very similar,the ipsat is a little more robust but it just doesnt seem like it will last long when compared to the ietz. im just going to buy the iptsa ipt 849 ipsas are just not worth the money and ips849 has more than enough features.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent value - best bang for the buck. This is the best bang-for-your-buck solution to a decent set of soundbars. It has all the functionality you need (including mic/in-line and 2x2 Bluetooth) and the most affordable price out there. I am not a music lover, but I am a gamer, so having the sound of my PC on the wall is a huge plus for me. It's perfect for a small gaming room with no speakers or other equipment in the way. It also has a lot of built-in features (speakers, mic, volume, etc) that a standard set of speakers will not have. The speakers are a little on the weak side. They can't fill a room with enough sound to justify the price, but for the price they are a decent alternative to the $800+ pricier speakers. The sound is very clear and is well balanced with no one speaker sounding too loud or the other speaker too weak. The only con I can think of is the remote - it's quite bulky and awkward to use. I'm not sure why this was included - it really shouldn't have been, but maybe the manufacturer was trying to compete with Apple. The remote is really just a generic button that is used to adjust the volume, mute, and play/pause. It does the job, but it doesn't feel that well made or intuitive. It would have been better if they just removed the remote completely and included the remote with the box.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am very unhappy with the purchase. I bought a brand new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and had a problem when I plugged it in to charge. It kept losing power and wouldn't even start. I tried a new charger and that did the trick but then I tried to get into the phone and it would not turn on. I returned it to my local Verizon store and the manager told me to go ahead and try another one as the problem may be my battery. I have now had to call Verizon customer service and they told me I would have to pay to get a new one shipped to me. The customer service rep didn't help me at all. He didn't know what to do with me and I really didn't feel like he cared enough to help me. I ended up just returning it to the store. If I had to do it all over again I would not buy another Samsung product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I have been using this device for about a year and a half now. It's great for watching TV and music. When the battery dies, it's dead. I had to buy a new one. This is a major bummer. I've had many other blu-ray players, so I am used to using them for that. I am going to buy an extra one to replace it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first purchase from the site, and I was not expecting much.  The sound quality is ok, but I was expecting a lot more from a phone.    The microphone does not work with a bluetooth headset.  I have a phone that works great with it and a headset that works with it, so I don't understand the issue. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a nice little device that's great for the price. The software is easy to navigate and you can adjust the volume with a couple of buttons. The remote is a bit bulky but that's the tradeoff for a nice touch screen.    Best value for the money:  A very versatile little remote for the iPhone. It can be set to either volume up or volume down, which is very useful if you need to adjust the sound volume for movies or for listening to music. It also has a volume indicator so you can tell how loud the music is in the background and not drown out other sounds. The battery life is pretty good too. I have it set to turn off automatically after 1 hour of being used, but I'm not sure if it actually does that, as it just stays on until I turn it off.  A very versatile small Bluetooth remote for your iPhone. The app makes it easy to adjust volume, so if you are listening to a movie or want to hear something without the sound blaring through the speakers, you can set it to mute or unmute. It has a battery life of a little under 5 hours so you don't have to worry about it dying out during a long day of work. I'd recommend this to anyone who has a small and handy device like a phone, but wants to be able to use it while out and about, or if you just want to adjust your sound volume when watching a movie.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You should have bought a better one!!! You need to change the battery on the remote. I will NEVER buy from these people.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Danno from I have owned this remote for 2 years now, it works very well and easy to use. I use it to change my remote, and my home entertainment system remote, but also use it for my DVD player remote. . It's a small, easy to find remote that is simple to use and works. The remote is very reliable and works fine. It is very easy to change batteries, and I've used the remote on my DVR. It does require a little power to change, but if you have a good quality remote, then you won't have to change it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ The phone is great, it is a real work horse. It is the best phone I have ever had. The only downside is that there is only one phone number to call. I have been trying to call it all day. I would recommend this product to anyone.  No one does wireless cell phone service better than ATT. I don't have a landline so the cellular service was not a necessity for me. I am a professional. I needed to make calls when traveling. I was using the AT&T mobile phone for business and I wanted to continue to use it while on vacation. I called the AT & T cell phone line and was told that I needed a land line for calling back to the office in Washington DC. I had to have my family in the city to pick me up so I decided to use the AT line to continue my business. I dialed the number and the reception was great. I made a call to my wife and the call was excellent. The person that answered was very professional and explained what was going on. The service was very fast. I'm very happy with the AT Wireless service and the service quality.  in order to receive your satisfaction, you must use the most current version of this app. You are required to install the latest version of the app to access the full features of this application. This application is free and available on both Apple and Android platforms. You may need to install third party application to use this application
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i bought this for my son for his birthday and he was very disappointed. it's not very bright. and the batteries are very flimsy. i have the same one and he got it for free from his friend.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 09, 2016  Not good at all  by Paul from West Haven CT USA  Review: The product was not well made and very flaky, i used it a couple of times and my wife got mad at me. It is very difficult to use, and even harder to clean.    Was This Review Helpful To You? Yes Yes Tuesday, October 25, 2015  I used this for about 3 weeks and it worked OK, the batteries were flaky and the keypad was difficult to get into. I think I would give it a "3".  Great for Kids  By John from Lodi CA USA  a little light but worked OK  Pros: Good for kids and their friends  Cons: Hard to get the key pad into  This product was purchased to be used for my 8 year old. It was ok, but a little heavy, especially if you want to use it with kids who are smaller than you. The batteries needed to be replaced but that was easy enough to do with the supplied adapter. I like the idea of a keypad for my kids to use in the car, but I don't like the difficulty of getting the key into the thing.  a 9 year old son who can't use a mouse, can't get into it, and the battery pack seems to go bad quick. :D  My only problem with the product is that I can't find it anywhere. It's one of those things you never seem to find anywhere.  in the past I have bought other products that did not work but I didn't give up and bought this one and now it's been one week and I can barely get it in or out of the car with the kids on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! This is the worst device I have ever used and I own 2 other Sony devices!!!! I have owned this device for about a month now and the battery life is terrible. I have to charge the device at least once a week to get anything out of it. This is a complete waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have used the computer for over 10 years and this one is a complete fail. I am an engineer with many years experience and this thing does not even run a program. This is the second one I have bought that has been defective and I had to return the first. This has been a waste of money.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Nacho from Good Computer Bought to replace another that was very poorly designed and I was lucky it worked when I had a problem. I used it to check the power supply and it was fine. When I was trying to install a wireless router I noticed that there was a slight buzzing sound. When you turn the machine on and it is on the computer and I turned it off it does not come back on. It was a cheap item so I will use the same one I had when it was not so bad. I would recommend this product if you need a cheap computer and don't mind having a few glitches.    Rated 5 out of 6 by JB from I bought the iMac and i7 Macbook Pro to replace a cheap, very old laptop. I bought this model because I knew it would be more stable than the old laptop, and I have to say that it is as advertised. I have two computers, both of them are running perfect and no problems have been reported.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone 6s for almost a month and i hate it. it is the only one of them that i cant take it out of my bag and leave it in my car without having to set it on a stand and then move it around. it does have a great camera. but the screen is very small and is easy to lose. and the speakers are awful. the sound is so bad i dont even think they have good speakers. this is the one that is supposed to be the "new" iphones and they're the worst.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Azzie from I'm very pleased with the iPhone 7. I love how my finger doesn't leave marks on the screen. I also love that the new camera is a lot better than the 6s. I will buy a few more and give them to my friends!  5 out of to 1 for camera, sound, screen I've owned a lot of iPhones over the years and this is by far the best. I have it paired to my Samsung S7 Edge, but I just swapped over to the iPhone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this monitor a few weeks ago. I love it, I love the picture. I am very disappointed in this purchase. I bought the color version, and when I get the white version I will give it a one star rating. The screen is really nice, but the pictures are just awful. They look like you have a black screen and white picture. If I want my picture to be white, I have to turn the brightness all the way up. The picture is just awful, I cant stand the white picture and this monitor is just a waste of money. ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for 2 years, it was ok in the beginning, but now it just doesn't work. it's almost impossible to use. the battery is always dying. I bought a new battery, but that's no help, the battery has to be replaced. the only reason i still have it is because i had a broken screen on a previous phone and i replaced it with this one. i don't want to return it, but the warranty is worthless.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Bill from Very Unwieldy and Difficult to Use This product was purchased as a backup device for my iPhone. However, it has become a nuisance to use when trying to navigate the web, listen to music, or even read a magazine or newspaper. The touch screen is very difficult to navigate, and the screen is extremely slow and laggy. If you are looking for a way to use your iPhone as a media center, you may be better served with a Media PC, but if you are just looking for an inexpensive way to listen to your favorite music, this is not it. I do use it occasionally to stream music and the sound is fine. . In the beginning it was fine but now i cannot get any of the apps to work  . I tried to get the apps for iTunes, Windows Phone, Google Play and more to work but they all will not work for me. ,  I was told that it would work well but it did not  , it just hangs at every time. I just want it to work
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have had this for a year and it works very well. The only issue is that it does not recognize the new micro-SD slot on my iPhone 5. The micro-USB port will not work, so I had to buy a USB to Lightning adapter. The adapter itself is also very cheap and has a problem. The USB cable is not as long as the one I have, and it just breaks off at the connector. It also won't hold a charge as well as the other ones I have. I will never buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for 2 years, but it's starting to give me a headache. it just seems to be working worse and worse. its been hard to get the power supply to work properly. if i had to do it over, i would get another.  Great product! I have the iMac Pro and have to say this keyboard is really great. It has great keys and the fact that its an all white model is a nice touch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   "You're really giving me a hard time here. This is not a good phone. It's just not a phone at all. I get no use out of it, it is like having an old school flip phone. This thing is a joke."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this for my husband because he likes to play with a computer and he was looking for something that would keep up with him. The sound quality is pretty good. The buttons work well and are a little stiff at first but I am adjusting. I have a soundbar for my desktop computer so this would have been nice but it is a little hard to get the right sound for the right application. I recommend this for the casual gamer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  i am not a computer person. I am a computer tech.   Top JW5 I bought this monitor because I wanted a smaller screen and a larger size monitor for use at my desk. I was a little disappointed with the monitor as it only comes with a monitor stand and there is no monitor mount at all. The only good thing about this monitor is the size of the screen. It is a good size to fit in my laptop case, but the screen is small and the color quality is a little washed out.   the monitor is a nice size, but if I were buying it again I would have to spend more money on a monitor mount and maybe buy the larger version with the stand and monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been a long time user of this model, and it's always been a great performer. I love the compact size, the ease of using, and the quiet operation. The only thing I don't like is that it's a bit loud when on battery power, so you have to crank it up to compensate. I'll have to try a different power source.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device about a year ago. I've owned many other electronic devices and I have to say that this is by far the worst. This thing does not work at all and the only way I can use it is to charge it through a car cigarette lighter. I bought a replacement and it is a whole lot better but it is still not worth the money. I have used it for about a month and so far I have had no luck with it. I don't recommend this at all. I think the best you can do is return it and wait for a new one. I'd give this a 1 if it worked and a 0 if it didn't. I would never recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________ This is a really good device. The only thing I would change is the micro USB charger cable. The other 2 cables are the same, but the micro usb one is a bit loose and the power adapter plugs in too far on one end and the other end is the same as the other 2. It is a little difficult to get into the other plugs and you have to get really tight. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s is just a waste of money. It's a very slow device, and the buttons are too small to be usable at all. The new ipad mini is much better. Also, I have a very annoying habit of touching the home button when I'm not using my phone, and it's very annoying. Not very helpful in my opinion. I don't use this phone much anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a year now and have not been able to get any use out of it. the buttons on the device are very small and the phone does not have a headphone jack, i was hoping it would have that but nope. there are no call, no text, no music on the phone, not one app that i can download or use. the screen is extremely poor. when i turned it on and off, it would not turn on, so i had to keep the phone on the charger and just plug it in to use it. then when i did plug it into the usb port, it was like it didnt even turn on. i have not yet heard of anyone having this issue. i'm sure i'm not the only one having this problem but for a $400 phone, i am pretty disappointed. i do not recommend this phone to anyone. i've owned a lot of phones, but this one really hurts my feelings.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a month and a half and it is a piece of junk. the only thing that works well is the light that comes on when its charging. I can see why it's good on a $35 device, but on a phone that's supposed to be better than a $500 one. The battery life is terrible, and the phone gets a big shock every time i put it down. the screen is so bad, i can't use it at all and can't see myself ever buying another. it's a great idea to build a phone for a fraction of the price of other brands, but i don't see it working out. the battery life and design are not good enough. I was so excited when i got the device, then i tried it out and was extremely disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I received the "A" version of the wireless mouse pad. I have had one of these in my room for about 2 years and the mouse pad has never worked correctly. When you press a button it doesn't do anything. I used to use a mouse pad that had the buttons on the back and it worked perfectly. This mouse pad is awful. It has no buttons, so it is useless. It is made of plastic and you can feel it. It makes your hand cold and uncomfortable when you try to play. It does not have a back light so you can not see what you are doing when you are using it. I will be returning it. The mouse pad should not be made in China. I would not recommend this mouse pad if you want to play computer games.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a couple of months now, and i cant tell you how much i hate it. It isnt that it is a terrible device, its that there are so many features that i have no use for. i bought this so i could play games online and all i can say is, i wish i had known this device was going to suck when i ordered it!  I love it!!! Great device! This is a great product. The only problem I have is that it would not connect with my TV.  Best of the Best I'm a die hard Xbox gamer and this is the best i've ever had, the best features and best price out there. If you have an Xbox One, buy this!  to add, if you buy this and don't use it the first time, the second time around, you can't use the micro USB. So you have to buy a new micro USB cable, and the same with the HDMI cable. Also, the cord is too short, I couldn't play a game on it and it was a little hard to plug into my TV cable. If it's longer, that'd be perfect. If this didn't have the price, i'd buy it, but it's too expensive and you can only play games with it for a few hours, which is too long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- After using the E-TTL i7-6500K CPU, I have to say it has a really good build quality. The CPU is very solid and is made of plastic, the cooler and heatsink is made from aluminum. However, the fan is plastic and not very good at moving air very fast. There are 3 fan speeds - low, medium, and high. The medium speed is only 1/3 the speed of the high speed, which is fine but doesn't make sense for such a cheap fan. Overall, it is a very nice fan, but I wouldn't use it with a very high-end CPU.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: niklashek
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for a year and a half and i've had the same problems. its extremely loud and annoying. one time i forgot to turn it on, and it started playing a high pitched noise, but when i pressed the power button it came on. i guess i was just too stupid to get it working, but my friends think i'm a dork. and its pretty hard to fix, too. the power is very inconsistent, sometimes it will work, and sometimes it wont. ive had it for over a year. dont buy it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product. I had this speaker for over two years and it works great! The only thing I've changed on it is I'm going to be replacing the rubber cover because it was getting beat up. Also I have the sound system with my car, and the sound is much better with this speaker, but still not as good as the ones that came with the car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! The device works fine, the problem is the charging is not a good. The device is easy to charge but the charging time is very long. I was going to buy a new charger but i think i'll buy a charger with more capacity.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Great product The Epson Stylus Photo is great and has a very good image quality. This is the best photo printer I have used so far.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my wife and I as a gift. She is an avid listener of podcasts and we are big fans of the "The Daily Show." We had both had our phones and computers stolen when we went on a trip to the West Coast. The first day of the show I got a call from my wife asking what I had done with the phone. I told her I had just turned it off, then hung up. It had a built in battery and a little bit of juice. She said it was a cool product and that it was good for her to keep in her purse, but she didn't like that she had to use her hands to press a button to turn it on and off. The only reason it didn't work for her was because of the weight of the device. The weight is too heavy for a phone. The battery life is also very short. The only reason I am giving it a 2 is because the battery life was so short I didn't want to leave it on for long periods of time. Don't buy this product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this because I'm a beginner and it's an inexpensive alternative to my iphone 4.!!! The device is really a good one for beginners, but for an advanced one, the controls are very hard to use. It's too difficult to set the device up correctly to use the keyboard and to select different types of fonts. I tried to use all the buttons on the keyboard to change the fonts.!!!! I don't know why it's not easy to use at all.!! I don´t recommend this device to anyone who's not a beginner.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** This item is very poor quality. It is very hard to use, has bad audio quality and has a bad battery life. If you are going to use this item, please do not use it at all. I have tried the 3 different batteries and the 4th one will not even turn on. I've had to replace it and the new one I have is even worse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really liked the iDroid but had to replace the battery twice.  The battery is weak and only lasts about 4 days of moderate use (like my laptop and phone).  But the app is great.    I also use my iDroids to record my workouts, which is very helpful to know when to eat and drink before a run.  If you want to use an app to record your workouts, make sure you use a battery with at least 2 months of use left. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this phone to use on the road for my job, and I was so excited when it arrived. The first thing that got me was that the case had a weird plastic ring at the back that looked like it was made of rubber. I had to put a little extra pressure on the top of the phone to get it to open. The screen is very clear and the phone looks and feels very sturdy. The only thing that makes me not like it is the fact that the back cover is very flimsy and the speaker is way to loud.   It is a great phone though, and the best part is that you can buy the phone without the case.   and if you are looking for a phone that will handle being used on a plane or a boat then you can get the case but the screen size is just not big enough for that, and you can only get it on sale for $10.00 so you will have to be lucky to get the screen for that price.  , September 20, 2011
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This item is NOT worth the price!! I bought a Sony Vaio E-series laptop. I was not expecting it to be good. It worked okay. I wanted to use the tablet but it didn't work on it. I also tried a Samsung Galaxy Tab tablet but that didn't function either. I returned it and bought this tablet. It was very good! I would have given it a 5 star rating if I could. I wish I had bought it earlier. It's a very good tablet. The design is excellent. The quality is excellent! The price is good! It is a great deal!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this unit for a few months now, and i am very disappointed in the performance. the unit works perfectly fine on my netbook, but when i plug it into my tv the signal gets out of sync, and if i use a bluetooth dongle i have no signal at all. and its pretty annoying because i use the tv as a video streaming device and i have a tv tuner that would get all my channels just fine, but now i cant watch anything on my tv! so theres a pretty big disappointment to this unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________  "I have been buying these products for years. They work. They are easy to use. I have bought them for my wife, and kids. I love them. I'm not trying to convert anyone." ________________________________________________________________________________  I have always had an interest in electronics, and have always owned a computer. The iPod was the first MP3 player I ever owned, but I have not had an Apple product since then. I recently purchased an iMac and I am very happy with it. My old MP3 players were a pain to deal with. I was using a simple adapter, that I had to cut off every time I wanted to change the song. I am pleased with this product. __________________________________________________________________________________________________  iPod mini has been my best friend for a very long time. I bought my first one in 2009 and i was blown away. It is super compact, and the sound quality is amazing. I still have the original one, so i just bought the mini one this year. It's smaller and cheaper! _____________________________________________________________________  This is a great product. I really like that you can listen to MP3 music in your car and not have to deal w the bulky CD player. It works great and i have only bought one ipod for a year so far. ________________________  My iPod has been on the market for a couple of years now, and I finally bought an updated version. I just love this little guy. It was a nice upgrade from my iPod Shuffle. I don't have to worry about it being lost or broken. And the music selection is excellent. The only downside is that the iPod mini only has 2 songs, which makes it harder to access the iPod shuffle's more diverse music collection. _________________  The iPod mini is great! My older mini and MP3-player are on the way out. They have never had the longevity I had hoped for. I now use my MP3 with the iPod mini. ______________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the most disappointing product I have ever bought. I was looking for a new laptop and this one was the only one in stock. I did not know anything about it. The screen is so small that it can be hard to see and is really hard to type on. I am using it to read the paper and it is very hard to get the paper out. I can only use the paper to take notes, and when I am writing on the screen, the pen will jump to the next page, so I have to use another paper. The mouse is so flimsy. I do not know how anyone can use this thing and not be embarrassed to look at it. I got the screen protector for it, but I am afraid that it will not protect it at all. I have used the mouse for the past 5 days and still cannot get the mouse to move to the mouse pad. I don't know what else to do but return it. If I can not get a better computer, I will just go back to my old laptop and use it with a paper keyboard. I will be really disappointed if I can't use this for work.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this computer for about a year now and its been horrible! when i first got it it worked fine. however, i bought this computer with the intention of using it as my main computer. however after a month of not being able to use it i realized the problems with it and i returned it to the store and they replaced it for me. however this time around i have had the computer a whole month and its still broken. i think the warranty has expired and they need to get a better warranty policy. i was hoping to just replace the whole thing, but i am not sure if i want to give the computer back since it is so unreliable. i would recommend to be very cautious when buying anything from this store. i gave this computer to a friend of mine as a gift because she wanted to use my computer, but she will not be using it at all because the computer constantly freezes. i will say this however, if you want a computer that will run your favorite games, then this is the one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The new Sennheiser HD650 is just as bad as the old ones. The sound is very thin and lacking in details and the bass is way too loud for my liking.   Pros:  -Good sound  Cons: 's sound is too thin and lacks details and bass.   and's bass is too loud and boomy for my taste.   in general the HD650 can be used to get a good sound for the money but the new SENNheiser is just a bad product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I've had this device for about a month now, it's fine. I was able to use it to play music on my phone, and I can also use it as a remote for my tv remote. However the sound quality is awful. The sound coming from the amp is a little weak, and the speakers are weak as well. My TV sound is terrible and I've been using my phone to watch movies. My tv sound is amazing. I have a bad experience with the amp, but the speakers don't do anything for me. I think it would have been nice if I could buy a new one and get better sound quality, but it's not a bad device overall, just the sound is a lot worse than it should be.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mike from Great for the money! I am very happy with this TV. It is the perfect size for my family. I also have an old Samsung plasma that we love as well but I am a little worried about the picture quality of the LG. The TV is so good, I don't have to worry about it not working. I use my LG TV to watch ESPN, AMC and Comedy Central. The quality is better than any other TV on the market and it does a lot of things right. -Good Picture quality-Low Power consumption-Good sound quality-Lots of inputs (more than I expected)-Nice Remote (good for my young son)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If I was on the market for a new e-reader, I'd go with an iPad. If you want a device that's easy to use, and doesn't require you to take out your wallet every time you want to use it, go with the iPad.  The screen is great, the design is good, the e-ink stylus is better than the stylus in the Kindle, and it has a very low price tag.  It doesn't support the "magnet mode" so it can't be used with your e-book reader.  This means you won't be able to connect your tablet to a computer and access your ebooks on your Kindle, but the screen is still nice and bright.  My biggest complaint about the iPad is the screen resolution.  There is no difference between the iPad and the Kindle.  If you are using an older e-Reader, you won and there's nothing wrong with that.  But the iPad seems to be the "new kid on the block" so to speak.  As I stated above, the Kindle is a better e-reading device, it has no problems with the magnet mode and the screen quality is much better than that of the iPad.  There are times I wish I had purchased the Kindle over the iPad but that's just a personal preference.  Both are good devices, but I think the iPad comes out on top because of its ease of use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This was my first electronic device (I have used a typewriter since I was about 5 years old). I bought this device because it was cheaper and because it is in a larger package (which I need to charge). I have only had it for about a week now and I am extremely disappointed. I bought it because I thought it would be a good way to use my cell phone, but this is not the case. I was using it to text people who were driving by. But as soon as I was done texting, I got a text that said "Sorry. Your phone is not working". I then tried to send a message to someone who was at the store and he said it was working fine. Now I am trying to figure out if this is a defect or if I am going crazy. I'm going to have to return it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from Great Features I have two of these and they are great for texting. I also use them for my computer. You get what you pay for. -No keypads to use-I use the arrow keys to type  -Small and portable-great for traveling
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these and they are very slow to respond and are extremely inaccurate. it's not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this phone for about a year now and i cant get it to turn on at all even after trying it several times and using the charger from amazon. Ive tried it with several batteries but they dont work and it just stays on standby. ive got two different batteries in this phone. one is a Samsung but the other one is an iphone 6s. i was hoping that it would work with my iphones but this phone wont turn on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - March 11, 2011Cant play on my iPod anymore. I was using it for the longest time. It would turn on. Then turn off and start again. I'm not sure if I should have stuck with it or if I had to buy a new one. - March 5, 2011iPad is useless. I thought it was cool until I tried to make a call. The call went through fine and the phone app still works but the screen is off. It's almost a year later and I am still using the same ipad. I bought another one with better sound and a nicer screen. - February 25, 2011Good idea for a new device - December 30, 2010I can't believe i just paid $99 for this. The iPad is useless! - December 26, 2010iPad 2 is useless - December 25, 2010This is the most useless product I have ever seen. This is the same iPad 2 that is now $99. I am going to try and fix it myself, but I am afraid it is going to be too late. - December 20, 2010The iPad is a total joke. I got the first one about a month ago. I have been using it the whole time, but the sound is horrible. The screen is just as bad. I can't use it at all. I paid $199 for this and I have wasted over a grand in my life. It is going back now. - November 27, 2010What a rip off. This iPad is just a joke. You can't even turn it on. It will just turn off. - October 13, 2010Very useless I bought the new iPad mini last week and was excited to try out the new features. So far it has not been a good investment. The touch screen is very bad and not responsive at all like the original. I tried turning the screen off and on several times but nothing changed. This new iPad seems to be a very expensive waste of money. I think it is time to throw it out and buy something else. - September 26, 2009I am so disappointed. I never would have thought that an iMac would be as useless as this iPad. I use my iPad daily and this is a huge rip off, and for $99 I am so frustrated with this. I hope it works as advertised.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     i was having a problem with my mp3 player and i got this on a suggestion from my friend, but it didn't work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I purchased a Kobo Aura H2O and it arrived damaged. I called the support and they sent a replacement. I was told that I could return the device and that it was not covered under warranty. I refused and I did not want to wait for a replacement to arrive. They told me that if I wanted a replacement I could buy a second one and get a refund. I have not returned the device yet but I plan to. This company has some issues.  Had to get the second one before it's too late  Worst customer service ever. They just refuse to send you a replacement device. They don't care about their customers. I can't believe that the Kobo is still on sale at $69 with free shipping. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a very good product, the audio quality is excellent. However the built in speaker is the worst speaker in my opinion, not only does it not sound good but when I turn it up it has a weird buzzing sound in my ear. The speakers are not that loud so the sound quality is not as good. The USB port is bad. The charging port is too far back on the back of the phone. I have to use the USB port to charge my phone, not sure if this is a software or hardware issue. Overall I would recommend this device, it is very well built and has good features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a good idea for the money. It works. I only use it to listen to music and it is fine. I like the ability to change music from my mp3 player. I would love to see a USB port on the back. If they made it with a cable for the mp3 then I would be happy. I am happy with this product and it will continue to be a good investment. Rating: 1.0 /5 Great product. I use the sound system with my speakers to listen at home. It is very quiet and is very comfortable. The only downside is the cable is not included and the sound is not as good as it could be.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** I was a bit disappointed to find that this device did not support Windows 10 Pro. I have a Surface Pro 4 and a Dell XPS 13 with Windows 10. The Surface Pro works great but this does not. The app to sync is the only problem with it. It works as a USB drive but does not have the ability to sync a folder.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these and they are all garbage! the buttons are all bad. the screen is a cheap plastic screen. the power cord is a horrible looking power cord. the usb is also a horrible design. you need a usb to mini-usb adapter to use these. i have a ps3 and a ps4 and these are horrible to use. i hate that i have to pay so much for a bad product. i just returned mine. i love my pc, but not for these. I'm going to be giving them away.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a back up to my laptop for when my laptop fails. I'm very impressed by the ease of use, but the buttons are a pain.  They're tiny and a little hard to press, especially when the battery is dead.  If you want an  electronic device that's really easy to use:  Check out my other reviews: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** I'm a professional IT manager for a small business, and I have had my IBM Thinkpad x220 for about 6 months now. ************************ The problem is that it does not boot up to the Windows 8 installation. *************** The problem with the x220 is that all I can do to get it to boot is hold the reset button. ************* ******************* The IBM ThinkPad x220 does not work with my laptop anymore. ***** I would like to give this product 5 stars but if it's not booting and the battery is dead then it should not be on your list. _________________________________________________________ * ******************** * * The x220 doesn't boot from the CD-ROM so the only option is to use the computer hard disk.  * ********* * ************** The computer is good to go, but the x 220 is a waste of money.  ********************* * *** *********** The x 220 has a lot of problems including the touchpad that has stopped working.  ***** **************** ******** * ****** This product is not a good choice because of the poor performance  ******* and the poor touchpad. **** ***************** * * __________ ************ The touchpad is bad, it is very bad. ________ ************ **************** **** ********** **************** * ______________________________ ******** ******************************* ________ * ______________________ **************** *** **************** ** ******** ** *** ******** *** *** _______________ ************ ** ________* ******** ***** * ***** *****  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bjørn from Excellent product and service Excellent product, excellent service. I would definitely recommend this product to any one.  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This product has a serious weakness and that is it's ability to record video.!!! I'm not going to get into the reasons why I'm doing this, but the fact of the matter is, it's very hard to record a video without the device falling apart.   I purchased the Mavic Pro 3 about a year ago, and I absolutely love it. I've used it for a long time, and it has never failed me. But the fact that it's camera falls apart is a major drawback.  This product was purchased in August 2015, and still has no problem with it's stabilization system, which is incredible considering it's a brand new device. It has never been damaged in any way, and that's the most important thing.  No matter what: The Mavics are great, but there are other products that are better: For $800 you can buy the DJI Phantom 3. It can do so much more and has more advanced features. The DJI Pro 3 is a very good choice if you are serious about aerial video. But it is not nearly as cheap as the MAvic, so if you want a good device, I would recommend buying the Phantom 3, but if you just want a decent one to fly around in, the Mavi 4 is great. The DJI Mavi 4 has an amazing 4K camera, and a ton of other features, like a 4K video recording, a HD 720p camera, a stabilization system and a gimbal for video. It's an amazing device for anyone wanting to shoot videos with a drone, and this is a good starter drone for a beginner. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I have an ____________ that works but the only reason it's on my list is because of the stupidly loud speaker that makes me deaf to the music. The other _____________, on the other hand, is great. But the ___________ has the annoying speaker. The _______________ is the one I'm more concerned about.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound quality is good, and the sound comes out with a slight hum. The batteries are pretty cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a new computer this year and the old one had no power, but the new one does. So I replaced the computer with the new unit. Well, the old unit came back as if nothing happened and it wouldn't power up, it just sat there, like a dead computer. I replaced it with a new one that has a bad cable and power cord. I had to buy a different power cord and a new power supply. I also tried to fix it and it still won't power. I called the company who sold it to me and they said the cord and power supply are good. They did tell me they could not do anything. I'm very disappointed because the new computer I bought from the internet is better than the old computer I have. The old computer has an old cord that the new ones are made to be plugged into.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- My device has a terrible sound and is really loud and annoying. The speaker is so loud it hurts my ears, the buttons and the touch pad are difficult to use and I find it annoying to scroll on the screen. Also I find the touchpad to be difficult to click, when I do click it does not return to the home screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________  My new e-reader didn't work for me. I have a Samsung Tab 3. This is a great e-book reader and it can be used to read e-books, but the screen was so tiny I couldn't read anything. It was fine for reading e-mails but the quality of the page text was so low I couldn t read the words without glasses.  Read a positive review about an excellent electronic device.  "I got this as a gift and loved it! I can't wait to get it back to work! The e-reading part is really good! The only negative thing is that the screen is a bit small and difficult to read without glasses."  "I received the Kindle in the mail and the box was nice and heavy. The device is quite heavy so be prepared for some extra weight."    Read an unfavorable review about Kindle and Kindle Paperwhite.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this after reading other reviews, which all said that it worked but wasn't very accurate.  It didn't. �When I put the device on the counter to be read, I was told that the data is coming from the serial port on the board. �� The only problem is that the board is old and the software is outdated. ��� It was a good deal on a new device and I will be back to buy another, but this one will not be used.  5 out of 5 Great device and service This is my first device that I've bought and I'm very pleased. I have a lot of items to scan and this device is just the thing. I used it for scanning the serial number of a keychain with a card reader and it worked great. I'm glad I found this site and it is well worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You should get a new one!!! You can not use this with the bluetooth function. You have to use the "USB" or the "Micro" connector. This is the one I got. I am very disappointed and will be going back to a better device.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 years and i have had to replace the batteries twice now because of the batteries breaking. the device is nice to look at, but it doesnt work very well. i can't get it to work. i cant even get the thing to turn on at all. the buttons are just janky. i tried everything from the same store but all the buttons were broken, and i got a better deal from another store. it wasnt even worth the money to buy this thing. i am done with this product and will be going back to the ones that i can actually use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone's speaker is pretty loud. But it is not good for gaming or music. When I play video games, I am pretty much always using the earphones, and I can't really hear the sound of my music. It's just annoying. The screen is really bright and easy to read. It is a good screen for viewing photos and other media. But I really don't like the design, and it is hard to use. It has a lot of buttons, and they are all the same, so they are very difficult to use, and if you are not used to it, you might just be lost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit works, but the battery life is less than what I expected, not the same as the Apple Watch. I don't like that the charger and connection points are so tiny. I could only charge it for 3 hours, but then it died. If I didn't use the watch, I would have loved the battery, but I can't imagine the watch getting a whole day of use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it works fine, but there is no control panel, no reset button, no way to turn it off.  I had to put it back together again.   So, not a good value, but not a deal breaker either.  Overall:    A very cheap but effective solution for the problems that many people have with their computer.  It works just fine and I'm happy with it.  I recommend this to anyone with a Windows 7 laptop, or anyone who has problems with their mouse and keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was a very happy owner of a cheap old Sony cell phone and this one is no better. The screen is just OK. The battery life is a joke. It has a crappy camera, has a terrible keypad, and the speaker is terrible. All in all, this is a worthless piece of crap. It is so much cheaper than an iPhone that I can not even call this phone a phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  There's nothing like a broken Apple product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the nook since it came out. it works, its a nice looking unit but it cant be opened and used at the same time. i cant get it open when i am using it in bed. if you can get the cover off, it works. i think the nooks have been discontinued because the only place i can get them is from a seattle rep. it would be nice if a seagate rep could send me one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by TK from Perfect for my needs This device works just fine. I like that it has a removable cover. It can be opened up when I want to look at my documents but can also be closed up for protection. I am a software engineer and I have lots of different types of paper and my documents need to be protected. I can store my files in the back of the device and it protects them. I use this to organize my files and I also use it as a portable hard drive for when I am working at my desk. I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a lot of paper files that need to protected.  a great little device for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  If you're a woman and you don't like being stared at, then you're in the wrong business. -Roxy   Top #1271 - 02/06/2007 19:12:32 Re: Why do men have shorter penises than women?  I have to disagree. I have always wondered why the penis is so much shorter in men than in women. I know women have a lot of body hair but I can't recall seeing any on men's penises. I'm a heterosexual male and I find it odd that my penis is shorter than that of a woman but then I have long hair on my face so maybe I have a beard or something. I've heard there's a myth that men don't grow hair on their penis. I haven't found any other proof but I thought I'd look into it. I read a couple of articles about a study done in the 80s that concluded men grew hair on the penis and it was actually shorter in women than in men. I wonder if that is true? I have read that many people have shorter penis in men so why is it that my is not shorter than a woman's? I'm also wondering why I haven' t noticed any hair on men? I've read that there's more hair on women than men.   Bottom #1272 - 02.06.2007 19 thewanderingwomancatcher Re: why do men having longer penises then women? If men are growing more hair, it's not going to be noticeable. I can see that many women have much more hair than men but I'm not sure that would be noticeable in a photo. Also, I'm curious about the "I'm a lesbian but I like women" excuse.   in my experience, when a woman likes a man, the man's penis will usually get a bit larger. In fact, most men will have some degree of erectile dysfunction if a woman is attracted to them. But if a man is attracted or not, I've never seen it change the way their penis is. Bottom #1273 - 02 - 06/2007 21:46:02 So many men think that their penis size is due to genetics? Is that what you are saying?  thew wandering womancat   Gender: Male  Posts: 889  Location: California  Hobbyist/Home Builder Posts: 8689Location:CaliforniaHobbyists
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only good thing about the GPD Win is the battery life. The battery life is less than that of a good cell phone. This is great for a laptop or portable device. The other negatives are the lack of a screen, lack of hard drive, and the lack a headphone jack. The GPD win is great but it is over priced. It's good if you are going to use it for media consumption or if you just want a small tablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for the price, and the quality is good. The screen is easy to read, but a little dim. There is a nice rubber band on the top to hold it in place. It's nice to have the ability to put it on the desk at work, instead of being constantly looking for it to turn on. The sound quality is great. The cord is a little long, but not a big deal. I bought the Bluetooth version, and it works great. There are some slight issues with the microphone, and with the speakers being too loud. They can be turned down to a louder level. Overall, it's great to be able to have an electronic device in the home that you don't have to worry about breaking or needing to be plugged in constantly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a couple of months and its ok but it isnt wireless and its really hard to get it working. i tried it and it wasnt working then it wouldnt come on so i went to the store and they said its broken. so they replaced it but it doesnt work now. its also hard to change the settings. its pretty much worthless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem with the iMee is that there is a big gap in the upper left side and the speaker is not strong enough to cover that area.  This means that you have to hold the iMeee in a very unnatural way to hear anything and it is very annoying. __________________ A friend once said, "I don't get why they call it the iMic" ____________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________________________ I purchased a new computer last month. After installing it and following the instructions, the keyboard did not work. The computer would only run Windows XP and the monitor only displayed text. The problem was fixed after the computer was returned. I have to buy a new keyboard. ____________________________________________________________________________ I recently purchased the Asus B200 laptop. After the computer arrived and was set up, I tried to play games and the computer stopped working. After several days of trying, the computer would no longer run. I contacted Asus and they sent me a replacement unit which ran fine. I returned the laptop to the store and they replaced the keyboard and installed the latest drivers. Now the computer runs great. I would recommend this company to anyone. _________________________ I bought this product after getting a bad rating from other reviews and I have been happy with it. The price is right and it has all the features that I need. I do have a few complaints but I'm sure that if I was to give them the chance they would do something about them. The video card is good for my needs but I was unable to get it to run at full speed in windows 7. This caused the laptop not to be able to play any game that I wanted to play. I found the video card did not have the full functionality that I needed, and it is too bad because the laptop has all my gaming stuff installed. The mouse is okay but I found that I was getting more errors with the mouse than I was with the keyboard. I am using a bluetooth keyboard and the mouse was working perfectly, but the keyboard is so far below what I would need that I had to spend a bit more money on a mouse that would be compatible with the computer. The monitor is not great, but it is a little better than I expected. I thought it would be a little nicer but it doesn't look as good as I thought and I can't stand the color it is supposed to be. It's just not as nice as my other monitor and I would not recommend this to anyone but I am glad I bought it. I will give the company another chance though. ____________________________________________________ It is a decent computer. I had it for a little over a year and it works great. When I first got it it was running really slow, but now it is running fast. The only thing I don't like about it is that it has a lot of noise when it is working hard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received my E-Sata 5.0 in about 2 weeks and have no problem with it.  When I plugged it in, I had to use the power adapter to get the power to the drive, but it still works.    The drive is the one with the orange label on it and the E-MMC.  The drive works fine for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a wonderful product, but it's not great. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the battery life and the fact that the remote doesn't work. It is very easy to replace the battery, but there's not much you can do if you have to buy a new remote every month. It would be great if the battery lasted a few months, but the fact it's only good for 2-3 months is a big problem for me.   The only reason for the 3 stars is that it's nice that the unit is smaller than a normal computer and it is very portable. I can bring it in my bag and take it anywhere. The fact that I have it at work makes it very convenient to use in the classroom.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost a year and its dead. it keeps blowing out. so i dont recommend this device. i gave it 4 stars bc i can live without a tv and movies, but ive seen so many great movies on my ipod touch that ive missed my tv. i can see how it would be nice for people to be able to watch movies and tv shows on the go. it is just way to expensive for that. but you can do it on your computer.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  8 of 8 people found the following review helpful: Great little unit Bought this little guy for the little guy in the house. It's tiny but is the perfect size for the tv in the den.  the ipod Touch was great for the price and the quality is better than expected. , but it would probably be great for kids, especially little ones., but i would definitely recommend this item to anyone with a tablet/mobile device in the living room  This review was helpful to me. I have the touch and I love it. I only had to get it repaired twice. I also love the fact that it comes with an extension cord, as I have an extension on the wall. The only thing I would say is the cord is a little too long. I would like to be a little taller but I love the way it works. I recommend this product. .  for the money the ipad touch is a great little device.  that is why I bought it.  in fact I was so impressed with the ipd touch that I purchased it for my wife. I bought her a ipad and it works great. I did buy the power cord and she was very pleased with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my first time to use the digital display and it is a huge disappointment. It is extremely small, light, and extremely annoying to use. I used the digital monitor for a few hours and it has become very obvious that I have not the slightest clue how to use this thing. I have no idea what to do with it. My guess is that this device is too easy to use for its own good. This is the first time that I've ever had a digital display that does not have any sort of learning curve, and it's really irritating that this is the case. It also is a major problem for my wife because she has no idea how to operate it. The quality of the device is very poor.  The screen is very dim and the contrast is very low.  The only good thing about this monitor is the ability to connect to my iphone through a standard USB cable.  The display is a disappointment as well because the color rendition is so bad that it looks like a digital camera display.  I had to go to my local store to get a new display. I'm not sure what I will do with this, but I'm definitely going to be returning it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The usb charger is very slow to charge the tablet and is very noisy. Also it has a very small battery which is not good. The tablet is very fragile and hard to hold. The only good thing is that the tablet is pretty small and lightweight. I would not recommend it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I purchased the e-gift card because I needed to use it for a Christmas present. I've been using my e-Gift Card as a debit card in the stores and it is easy to use and very fast. My problem is that I can't get the credit card to work at any store that uses Visa. The credit card is supposed to work with the same terminals. I have called the credit union to see if I am in the right place, and they said they have no idea why my card won't work with their terminals. They told me the card is defective and that they would need to replace it. I am not satisfied with this experience. It's a very good card for the price, but I'll be looking for a different card if I ever need to use the card at a store again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! this is not an electronic device! it is a computer! you have to buy it with a CD!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work, it's too complicated and the batteries won't last a day of use. It has to be put on and taken off every few hours, which is annoying.  The screen is very sensitive and doesn't respond well. _____________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "It works fine, but if I had known that it had a built in alarm, I would have bought a smart phone instead." I'm a total gadget freak and this is one of the coolest ones I own. It has a small touch screen and is super small to carry around. I love the fact that the device is wireless, which means I can use it anywhere I go. I can't wait until my neighbors ask me to turn it off and put it in the closet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** i had been using this product for a few months now and the device itself is working fine but i have found that when it's connected to my computer it is very slow to perform some tasks and when i turn it on it seems to lock up and i cant do anything with it except for play music. *************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a number of these over the years and never gotten one that works or works at all. they are great for keeping track of your stuff but as i said i cant use them as an ipod dock, or any other purpose i need one for. so be prepared to keep paying for this crap if you want to listen to music on your ipod dock.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great to keep a note book, pen, and pencil in! I bought this to keep my laptop in my purse or wallet while traveling. I am very happy with it, the price is right and the quality is great. The only drawback is that it does not come with the USB cable, but it can be bought separately for about the same price.  the only thing that's a little disappointing is that the usb plug is very hard to use with a finger. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is not a good value for the money and the quality is not as good as the competition. It is also a pain to set up and get to the point where the screen is working. The user manual is also very vague and not very helpful. Also, if you are trying to install the device and the user manual tells you the computer does not have a micro USB port, you can't do anything but try to find an old adapter and plug it into your computer. It will not work!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had my device for about a month and have had to put it on hold for it to be fixed. I bought it because I like my cell phone. It does everything that it says it will do. I wish that I would have looked into this phone before I bought the device. I am now going to have to send it back because it is no longer functional. It has been more than a month that I have had it on. I have tried to call and email them multiple times and I have not gotten any response. I can not use my phone and the email is still stuck in the system. I do not know if they will be able to fix this problem or not.   They should know that it is not a problem that is going to go away.   theres nothing that they can do to fix the problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has had a few problems. The first is the screen was black and had very poor viewing angles. I tried to make the screen less black but still had poor viewing. Then there is the sound. It is extremely loud and I had to turn it down. Other than that the device works fine. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son and he loves it. He's only been using it for a couple of weeks but I can already tell that it's going to be great. It's pretty much the best looking piece of kit I've owned in a long time. I was a little worried that it would have too much lag, but it's not. It was quite a little buggy with my daughter's laptop, but I was able to get the system set up without a hitch. I'm pretty sure the sound quality is amazing as well. The only issue I've had so far is with the Bluetooth connection, and that was the result of trying to use my son's device in the other room (which was also running on Bluetooth). The device I got for my daughter had the same problem. I had to buy a separate adapter for it, and the problem is still not fixed. My son, on the other hand, was able use it in his room and it worked fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for the last 3 years and ive had a few issues, but not that many, its not a very big or heavy item so it shouldn't break or malfunction, its the best device i've ever used, it will make your pc run smoother than ever, and ikc i got a brand new one in red and the red one is a little harder to use than the black one, but i'm just saying the black model is harder to hold onto.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product, but be careful. I've had this for about 3 months and it's a great piece of gear. I have a 2.4GHz Core i7 PC and a pair of Asus GTX 580 graphics cards. I can run it pretty quiet on my main system (2x 2.8GHz Phenom II X6 1100T, 32GB RAM, and a 256GB SSD) but when I want to do intensive gaming I'll bump up the power and the graphics card. The problem is that the device is so heavy that it can easily knock over things. I'm not sure if that's the case, but if you're going to use this for intensive gaming you should consider making a stand for it or buying a separate stand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Apple iMac G3, but have had nothing but problems with it.  The first problem was the screen.  The screen is horrible, with lots of light bleed and pixelation.  I purchased a brand new Macbook Pro, and it worked great.  This iMac screen is so dim, it makes the screen look like a cheap TV screen. Also, the speakers are very weak and the noise is just awful.    After using it for a few months, the computer stopped responding to my commands.  When I turned the power on and off, the machine would restart and then reboot.  After reading some of the reviews, I decided to return it. I would not recommend purchasing this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a year now. i used it for 3 years, it still works great. I have had no problems with it. i had to purchase a new keyboard to use it. if you have a problem with it just send it back and i will refund you. i have a few issues. first off it takes forever to boot up and the battery will only last a couple of hours. its a great keyboard though. the only thing i can complain about is the price. its hard to justify spending that much on a keyboard when the product is this bad. the other problem is the usb port is horrible. i get all sorts of interference. its really annoying when the keyboard does not work. i wish they would change the usb ports to something more stable. I dont know why they dont use a usb hub. but whatever. the keyboards are great though and they sound awesome.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No 1 / 1 users found this helpful creepercreeper  5  Reviewed by:from Washington. on 8/13/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not worth the price. The power cord is horrible. The audio quality is poor. The volume control is useless. The keyboard is flimsy and the touchpad is extremely small. It's a waste of money!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's ok for now. It works ok but it's not really useful. It's too small, I can't use it to store anything in a big space, it's just too small.   I would not recommend this product for anything but kids.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Great product. It's the only thing I could find in my local store to power my computer on, and it works. The only thing that was missing was a micro usb connector, but the charger has one. So I use my computer without having to plug in my usb cord, and that is a plus. So far it has worked well, but I don't know what I am going to do to keep it running in the future.  Write a positive review about the product:  It does what it's supposed to do. -The cable is short and the plug is long.  the USB port is very small, but that's ok for charging  -I like the way it looks, not flashy like a lot of USB charging cables  Read All Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took me 5 weeks to get this device, and it only worked on one night out of the week. It is a very bad thing that you can't get the device to work on the weekends.  Also, there is no manual for it.  I would like to know if I can get the same model in a different color.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my wife for her birthday and I love it. But there are some minor problems. One is the USB cord is too short. When she plugged it in for the first time she tried to use it and she had to disconnect it for about 15 minutes because it was too short for her. It is also hard to hold it with one hand, it is too big for one hand. The other problem is that the battery does not last long, even after a few weeks. I would recommend this product, but I would have it come with a usb cord.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product was very inexpensive and it works ok for what it is but the battery life was very short. The battery is a huge problem with this device and it just goes dead in the middle of a movie and has to be plugged back in. Not recommended for anyone looking for a new electronic device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 29, 2011  Excellent and inexpensive  by Robert from Austin TX USA  Review: I am very happy with my purchase. I am a home user and this thing is perfect. I use it to play music from my CD player but it will also work as a CD player and is a very small unit. The only problem I had with it was that the battery was not long enough to get it through the first half hour of the movie and after that it did not last very long. The other problem I have with the unit is that the power is on every time I turn it on, not only when I close the lid. I think it is very convenient to have the power on but it is a hassle to close and open it.  a lot of noise.  and the buttons are not tactile and are a bit difficult to push.  I did not get any sound from the speakers so it was difficult to hear my music. Also, if you have your unit in your pocket it has to come out to turn the power off. I can see how it would be a good home unit for a lot less than the price of this one. , but it has the same problem as the Sony and I'm not sure if it is the Sony. I did like the look and feel of it and the battery lasted a long time. : I used it with a DVD player but the sound was horrible. It was just awful. It only lasted about a minute and 30 seconds and the only way to turn it off was to unplug the power cable. So I used a blu-ray player which worked fine. I have a Sony and the Sony was much better in the sound. The problem with the Sony is the volume is so low you can barely hear your DVD player or the television. It just makes you wish you had an audio cable with you. The Sony has a loud speaker but you still can't hear it because the volume just isn't loud enough. I bought the DVD player first and the power adapter was so cheap that I didn't know I was going to
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had been a huge fan of the Samsung Series 7 Smart TV for years and finally had the chance to get my hands on one last year. The price tag on this TV was a bit steep but I just didn't have the heart to keep it. I'm sure that this is the last of the Series 7's but if you're willing to wait then this is an excellent option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ It's a bad thing to get the new iPhone, but you get used to it. I like to use a desktop computer, but I still don't have a proper PC with a screen, mouse and keyboard. I have to use my Mac and the Apple TV to get my work done. The iPhone, on the other hand, is pretty decent for what it is. ___________  My new _____________  iPad Pro  I bought an ______________ on ____________, and it's very nice. But the thing is that it's not as ______________________ as __________________. _______  my _________  It's _______________ _________________, but that's just because I didn't have enough ________ in my _______ to buy a new one. ______________________  a ________  For the price it's a great ________ ________________, but the ________ is ________, and that's the reason I don't think it's worth the ____________________ ________. _________________________  the _______ ________ I'm ________ _, so I'll _____________________ ________ and ___________________________, ________ when I get my _________. ________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************I bought this for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it. It does the job but the battery life is very short. I had to replace it after only a few months. I wish the cord could be a little longer. The case is plastic but it looks great. I have the same issue with my iPhone and my iPod. I was hoping to get the same quality of product but to me this is a waste of money. The only positive is that it looks good in my room. The fact that the device is plastic is a plus.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love the new iPod but it doesn't play music that's not in my library. The new iPod has been great for music but I'd rather have a digital version of my library rather than the old plastic one that was so clunky.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year and ive been using it for a couple months now. its the worst ive ever had and ible to buy a better one. the sound quality is horrible and i can barely listen to music with it on. i have been trying to get a refund and iblc have sent me an invoice but ive never paid for one before and ime i go to pay iblcs i get the same message saying that they cant get my money back. ive got the receipt on the receipt iblcos have sent to you so ill keep you posted on iblca issues. iblcan make better iblds than this ible and they could of done something about the sound.  Rated 5 out of 5 by daviesh from Great product and a great price. I bought this product a couple weeks ago. I use it as a speaker on my home theater system. It's perfect for that. It does not get distorted when I play my music at high volume. It doesn't hurt my ears when I turn it up and it has a great sound quality. I highly recommend it.    Rated 1 out of five by Chris from Disappointed. The sound quality of this unit is terrible. The volume knob is extremely difficult to turn. When I put it to 100% and turn it back down, the sound is very poor. It also has a very weak and distant sound. I don't know if this is due to the speakers being out of alignment or what, but it's an absolute waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** The best I have ever seen, I bought it for my husband. He is very satisfied with the new TV. But the TV is the same price as the previous one. I also bought the cable for the TV and it is the first one that has had any problems at all. The cable goes to the TV as well as to the remote. So far the TV has not had any issues.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone has some flaws but it still works  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 20, 2010  Not bad at all  by Charles from Denver CO USA  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: None  Review: This product is very easy to use, but there is a drawback. You cannot use the phone without the charger. I would like to be able to use it in the car without the charge.  I've only used it for a few days so I don't know if it's a problem with my unit or if the product is defective. But I'm not buying another iPhone, I will just keep my Samsung Galaxy S3.  (Posted on 3/18/10)  Very Good  By William from Denver, CO USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  I am very pleased with this product. It has been working for more than a month. But I do not know if the manufacturer should provide a replacement if it doesn't work. I am very satisfied with this purchase but not with the quality of the device. I purchased this because it came with the usb charger. I use the battery charger for my laptop and have it at home. The usb battery charger works great for my computer but the tablet battery does not. I also purchased the tablet that comes with the charger but that battery does work as well. This is the only reason I don't give this product 5 stars.  The device worked great, but it didn't charge my laptop  First off, this is a great product, as advertised. I was looking for a tablet that would provide all the tablet features of a tablet, like drawing, writing, and editing, but still be portable. I got the 8gb and 8gb usb, and I use both. It works great and the screen size is perfect. I do have a few problems though, the screen is really small for a 7 inch tablet, and the battery lasts about 4-5 hours, but only if it's charged to full. The screen is a bit small too, but you can always make it bigger. The other thing is that it only has 2 USB ports, and they both only work with the battery connector. So you have to buy a USB-C cable to plug into it, and it will not charge with it. But you can use the same one to charge other USB devices. And I've bought a few USB-A devices in the past, and so far this has been the best one I've purchased. I wish I would have gotten this a little sooner, but I just couldn't wait for the new model to come out!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I've never been able to use a wireless keyboard (other than the wireless laptop). I'm also not a fan of touch screens. This thing is a big piece of junk. If I had a choice I would not buy another product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________ It is not good, because it is very slow and not very powerful. You can connect two devices, but you need to put the power cable and the cable of the other device in one cable. The phone is very small, and it is not very bright. There is no software. It is very heavy and I think it is also very fragile.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was very frustrating to use this because it was difficult to use the buttons, and it would not connect to the internet at all. It did not charge very quickly either, which made me think the unit might be defective, which is why I did not purchase it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! I bought this for my 2 year old daughter because she loves to watch tv on her tablet and wanted to use the same on her phone but it has a few issues. First, the screen is VERY low res and blurry. I would buy another one if I had to. Second, the microphone on it is terrible. It would pick up her voice but I would have to use a tiny speaker for a couple of hours. I think the problem is in the microphone, it's very sensitive and not very clear. I also have a Samsung Galaxy tablet that I love. I have used this one for a few hours and I can't wait to get another one. It's the first thing I bought and I'm really happy I did.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 2 years and it is just as bad as the other reviewer says. the batteries are a terrible quality and the device doesnt have the features that you would expect. they dont last long, and theres a huge chance that your phone will die when you try to charge it. I have to wait for my battery to charge before I can get back on my computer. if i wasnt a student i would not purchase this product, but i will be sure to buy the next version. this product is just an average as far as quality and features go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It took forever to get a replacement for this piece of crap. I bought this because it was the only one that came with a power cord, but it took forever for the dealer to get it to me. I was supposed to get my replacement at midnight and they sent me this at 2:30 in the morning. I went to bed and woke up to find my monitor was dead. I called the store and they told me that I had to pay $150 to get the replacement. That is soooo rude.   I have been a fan of this brand for years and have no complaints. It's been through so many years of war and the quality of this product is excellent. The only problem I have had is that the power cord is not compatible with the power strip that comes with my power supply. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I was tired of having to turn off my iphone or ipad to charge it.  This charger is pretty good, but it only supports one type of battery.    I would rather have been able to charge both types of battery at once. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this on a whim to go with my new MacBook Pro.  It's a nice laptop, but the screen is so small and the screen hinge is so stiff that it's difficult to use.  A few months ago, I upgraded my iMac.    Unfortunately, this new iMac screen doesn't support the "Pro Display" function of the Thunderbolt Display.  It just uses the "Standard Display" and doesn't work well.  I was able to find a new iLaptop with a Thunderbolt Display that works well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________ This item does not work with the following computer models: Dell Inspiron i7-3770K CPU: i7 3.2GHz (I think)  RAM: 4 GB  HDD: 250 GB SATA  Video: Intel HD Graphics 4000  Sound: SoundBlaster HD (X-Fi) _________________________________________________________________________________  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: e-bunco
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I have a bad memory.   - I got this thing to play on my Sony PX-7, but it didn't have a CD player! - I had to go to my friend's house and play the game on his PX10. The game is a joke, I could have made a game like this on my PX7 and it would have been just as good. The graphics were bad, and I couldn't tell which button was a select, and which was a back button, it was so confusing. The only thing I liked about the game was that it had music.  - The game runs very fast, the enemies were too easy.   the music was good, it sounds like a cd and it doesn't crash on the last stage.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The Samsung S7 Edge is a really good phone. The S7 is the best and the best-looking phone. Unfortunately, the S7 edge is a very different phone than the other models. It has the best screen in the market, and also the best camera. The battery life is not that good. It's really not worth the price, but the S6 Edge+ has more features and better build quality. But the S3 Edge+ is a better phone, and the one I would recommend to anyone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from The best phone to date! This is the second year I have purchased the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7. I absolutely love them! I own the S5 and S6 and the S4 and S5 were good phones, but this year the S series is just so good. I love the fact that it can be used as a phone and a tablet, I love that it comes with an iris scanner, but most importantly the cameras are just fantastic. I have used a lot of different phones in my life, but none of them have ever been able to produce as good a picture as the S devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This phone has had the best battery life of any phone I have ever owned. It can last up to 6 months or more if you don't use it constantly.   It is really annoying when the battery dies and you can't turn it on or charge it. I really wanted a better battery but with so many great phones now and not having one like this I had to return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this about 6 months ago and it has worked fine except that the screen is very low res and when it gets low the sound is muffled and it can't be turned on. it does not use usb so i dont know how much more i have to buy or what to do about this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only thing I will ever buy from you.  I have a bunch of other things, but this was the only one I found with an excellent customer service. Â Â I just hope I never have to use the app again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product about a year ago, and after using it, I've been frustrated with it's inability to take photos in low light conditions. The battery life is short, and the camera is very slow to focus. I'm using it as a mobile camera, and will eventually give it to my father for his work.   But for now, it's a dud, and I've lost faith in the E-M1   Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for a while now and I'm not impressed.  It has no back light and no way to dim it.    The buttons and touch pad are very loose and have not felt at all secure.  I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a few years now and it doesnt work at all, it's really loud, its hard to use with headphones, and i hate the way it's wired, i have to plug it into my pc or ipod and the usb port doesnt even come out, i tried to connect to it with a usb hub but its just not gonna work, i've had it on a table for the last 6 months and the battery died on the first day, i got the warranty replacement and theres no difference in it. i think its a terrible purchase, get a cheap one, dont waste your money, it sucks
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I got the device, the battery life was very disappointing. I was really hoping that it would last all day and all night but it lasted maybe an hour or so. This is probably due to the fact that the phone does not have a very good battery life, and the device is not too heavy or bulky. The phone does take a while to charge from a dead battery. The screen on the device does not do that well. It is bright and has a good color picture but it can be very bright in certain lighting. I have not found a good solution to the screen brightness problem. The device does come with a screen protector, but I think I would recommend using a more expensive screen protector for the price. Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars. This product is awesome! I am a college student and I have a lot of things I need to take with me. The size of this phone makes it easy to carry around. It does come in a few different colors, and I would definitely buy it again. Thank you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for years, and it is still not good enough. the volume on my tv is way to loud. and theres a big gap on the back when its plugged in to my tv. i have an old tv, so its not an issue for me. ive got this to play music on my iphone but i got an ipod touch and its still a pain to listen to music on this thing. i tried the ipod mini for awhile and it wasnt good either. im gonna try the iphony one and see if that works better. and to be honest, ive been wanting to try this since the ipods came out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The price of this device is very high. I think that I can buy a similar unit that costs only $30-40 at Walmart or online. The only problem is that the light on the top doesn't work well. I also found that the cable connection was not strong and I could not plug the device into my computer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great for small projects I bought this to do a light-up LED sign for a Christmas tree stand I'm building. It's a little bulky, but is a great tool for small jobs. The cord comes with a short piece of plastic to help with the light cord. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this was a great price, but when the unit died it took several hours to replace. I would never buy a new one, because the unit works fine, but I would have liked it to have worked when I got it. Write a positive review about an okay electronic device :  I was happy with the purchase and the service from B&H was very good. I was very impressed with the price of this unit and the speed of delivery. My phone works fine. B&H is one of the best stores in the country for electronics, but it would be nice if they would offer some kind of credit for returns. The price was reasonable. I am happy with my purchase. I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen on this thing is very low resolution, especially in the lower left hand corner, and the colors are washed out. The screen is also very dim and not really worth the price. It's definitely better than the cheapo "E-Blaster" that comes with a cheapo battery that has a problem of overheating when left plugged in all day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a few years and have had a few issues with it. first the camera is really bad, it can't get any better than this. i had to take it to a repair center because the camera would not get focus and would constantly turn around. second the screen is really thin, it looks like it would be hard to use with one hand, and it has this annoying bezel which is really annoying. finally the speaker is really good but the sound is so poor, you need a really good speaker phone to get good audio out of this phone. also the battery isnt good, if i wasnt able to get it replaced i would not recommend this phone to anyone, i really love this phone and i would recommend this to a friend but it's just a really bad phone for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this about a year ago, and it works great as a Bluetooth headset. I had a friend use mine for a few days, and was amazed at how easy it was to use, and I was really impressed with the fact that it was cheap. It can't get any better than this, so I highly recommend it. It is definitely better than the $50 I paid for my old pair of earbuds. Write a positive review about an average electronic device that doesn't work well:   I bought this because I heard that it would be a great Bluetooth headset, and while it does seem to work well, I'm not very satisfied with the sound quality. I'd still recommend it, but I'll pass on this one. What's in the box:  The kit includes: - a 1-year limited warranty - a user's manual (in English) - a quick start guide (in French) - 1 pair of headphones (3.5mm and 3.5 mm jack) - 2 spare 3.3mm and 1 3.7mm ear tips - a charging cable (not included)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________. It was so cheap it broke when I tried to plug it in. I bought a new one, and it works perfectly. The sound quality is better, and you can record audio on it. The only negative I have is the power cord is cheap, so you have to connect it to a 12V DC power source.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark from Good Sound Quality, Simple to Use The Soundman SPH-2 has good sound quality. I am a professional audio engineer and the sound is clear and well defined. I have no complaints with the sound quality and the price is reasonable.  a new favorite for recording music on the computer. I used it on my Mac Pro with i7 processor. I can use a good soundcard or a soundcard that is optimized for sound. I like the fact that the SPH2 comes with an adapter so you can use the USB port on the Mac for a sound card. If you need a sound recorder, this is the one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for a couple of months now and im just now seeing the battery life drop from 2.5 to 1.5 hours. theres nothing to write about.  Noise  Reviewer: Mark A. - favorite favorite favorite - June 6, 2010  Subject: Noise The noise is really not a problem with the headset, but it is distracting when trying to listen to music on a plane. I can't hear any music, and there are no headphones with better sound than this one. - June 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that really works is the sound card (that's the main problem). The other problem is the monitor is very noisy and the screen doesn't turn off if you turn it off, that's pretty annoying, especially for a first computer! I'm sure you can't tell from the picture, but the speakers are very weak and they are not in the back of the computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was excited to get this thing but the first time I plugged it in, I thought I'd be getting a brick because the usb ports were not connected properly. I had to take it to my local electronics store and get a replacement. The second time I was ready to use it but the USB ports are not connected. The third time, I plugged the USB port into my laptop and the monitor on the computer got very hot.   This thing is cheap and its not very reliable. I wouldn't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a iphone for about 3 years now and this is the worst thing i have ever bought! I have to get the iphones replaced on a regular basis because they break and no matter how hard i try i cant get the battery to come out and it is like the battery is stuck in the device!!! and its not that i cant use it anymore, its just that i dont want to take it to the repair shop because ive seen all the bad reviews and i was afraid that it would not be fixed and i would have to buy another one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was skeptical of this device when I saw it but after about 5 years I am glad I bought it. I don't have to worry about the batteries running out, the touch pad is good and has a good response time and the sound quality is good. I can't tell you how many times I have used it, even when I just had a cold and it was hard to work with.  Read less  The best Bluetooth mouse I ever bought:   I am a computer programmer. I have always been on the search for a good, cheap, good quality mouse, that will be there for me when I need it. After many hours of researching, I have finally found the perfect mouse! I like the feel and the buttons. I am very satisfied. The best thing is that it can be controlled using my mouse. Very easy to use and it is a good value.  the best wireless mouse I've ever owned, and I have owned many...  This mouse has been in use since it arrived. I've tried many mice in the past. I'm a software engineer. I find it difficult to write software and control a program on a PC without a mouse. I needed a mouse that would be small and would do everything a mouse on my desk does, plus it would work on my phone and other computers. I wanted it to work at a good price.   When I tried this mouse out, I knew it was the one. I bought the mouse for about $20, and it seems to be working fine. It does not have the precision I would like, but it does the job and it doesn't have a heavy feel to it. The touch pad works as advertised, it's small and it's responsive.  -The mouse is small and fits in my hand comfortably.   The price was very good. It works well and I am not bothered by the cost. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a wireless mouse, especially if you are a software developer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is an utter piece of garbage. It doesn't even have a display. When you're in a pinch and need something to hold the screen steady, this is the best thing you can buy. If you're serious about your photography, you can do without the touch screen, but this is an awful piece of hardware.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 17, 2012  Very nice little device  by Andrew from Los Angeles CA USA  Review: I use this as a replacement for my iPhone and I'm very happy with it. It does a very good job of making sure the pictures are displayed correctly. It's very easy to operate and takes very good photos. I'm looking forward to buying a couple more for my family and friends.    Was This Review Helpful? YesNo Friday, March 23, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After using this device for a few weeks I have noticed that my fingers are getting sore from the buttons getting jammed in between my finger and the keyboard. I do wish the keyboard was a little more responsive, but the device is great for the price.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 03, 2012  Good but....  by Daphne from Houston TX USA  Pros: Compact, easy to use  Cons: Can be a bit fiddly to use if you are a beginner.  and is not very loud.    Was This Review Helpful the best  A by A Customer from Houston CA USA , great product but the only downside is that it does not come with a microphone. So I have to buy one from my local Radio Shack.  in my opinion it is a good product and it is good for the money. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month now and im still not happy. i have used this for an hour now and i have had to reset the device to factory settings because the usb connector on the bottom gets hot and its always breaking. this is a bad idea. i know that theres a usb port on the back but it isnt a usb type connector so i have to buy a new one to use it. i dont want to spend more money to have it work and i dont feel the usb cord on the top is strong enough. if youre just starting out i recommend you go with a cheapo usb cable that works with any device. theres really nothing good to say about this product. it is only good if you want to do internet stuff on your phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months and it was a total disaster. I had to buy a new one just to use the thing at work. It would work, but when I plugged it in the power was off. The screen wasnt working, the speakers werent working and the buttons werent responding. The usb port didnt even work! Theres a ton of other reviews here about other problems but this is just a complete failure of a product. Im gonna get rid of this thing so that I can get a better one in the future. It will only get worse from here on out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! This thing has been horrible to use. It took me 2 days to set up and only once I had it running, did it work. It's so annoying to try to get it to work when it just keeps refusing to boot. The other problem I have is that it can only run on 2 USB ports, I have had it plugged into one for about 6 months and now it wont even turn on! It would be nice if they made a version of this device with a micro usb port so you can charge your phone or other devices with it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jennifer from Disappointed I bought this product in the hopes of making my phone work. I use a Macbook Pro with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. I was hoping that I could get it working and that the cable would work. However, after having it for a month and using it to charge my phone, it won't charge my device and the micro usb cable does not work at all. I have contacted Samsung about this and will post the results of that if they respond.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought a _________________  My first iPhone!   Last edited by JT on Fri Feb 21, 2013 10:54 pm, edited 2 times in total.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- It was the first time I bought a camera with a mirror. I really wanted to get one for the price. I got the black version and the lens is really cheap. You can see the lens in the pictures. It's really hard to use it. I use to use a camera from the 60s with a plastic lens and it worked great. I didn't use the mirror because I never use a mirror with a lens. But this is the only mirror lens that I can see. I'm very disappointed. I bought it because I wanted to buy a cheap camera but it's so hard to do that. It is also a lot of trouble to use the camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone, lg g2, s3, s4, lite samsung. The lg lg s3 is the worst phone I have ever used. Its battery is like its dead. I was very happy with the s4 and s5. This one is horrible. The screen gets hot after just 10 minutes and the camera is horrible with no sound and terrible battery life. The only good thing about this phone is that it is not too expensive. but this one is a big joke. I wish I would of spent more and spent my money on a better one.  by Anonymous on Monday, April 24, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The phone is terrible. It's not a great phone for me at all, but I did buy it for my husband who doesn't have a phone and who doesn`t use his phone for work and school and to use with his tablet and he didn`t even try to use it. The phone isn't very good quality, the screen is not bright at all and it doesn`nt have any apps, but still, the phone itself is very cheap. The charger is also a very bad one. It won`t charge the phone and it`s only good for charging the tablet, and it costed me a lot of money. If you have the money for this phone and you`re thinking of buying it, you can`t do any worse than this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  This thing is great for the price. It is a little slow when trying to download the movies but that is to be expected for this device. I am using this with my iphone 4 and it is amazing! I will buy this for my ipod 5 soon.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, April 15, 2015  Excellent  by Charles from New York, NY USA  Review: I'm very pleased with my purchase. The device is well made and the quality is excellent. The audio quality is perfect. I have the iPod version, and it plays music perfectly. I would recommend this device to anyone who wants a good, reliable digital music player at a reasonable price.  on the audio level: it does have a higher audio level than my old iPod but not too much. I'm using my old iphono cartridge in my turntable and the iPod sounds good too. .  in comparison to iphones: the iphonos are louder than this, in my experience. This is not a big difference but I like the sound of my iPod better.  and a great price: I have a $40 iphonerate that's on its last legs. I got this iphona for $20 and the only reason I chose this over iphony is because the iiphone is more expensive and doesn't have the full feature set.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ I love my iKon but the only thing I do not like is the battery life. I use my iDroid daily so I bought this to have something for my phone. I have no problem charging it from time to time. I wish they had more options like a usb-c cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** This was a very low quality product, the buttons did not work well, the screen is very low resolution and the battery is very short, only lasting 4 hours. It is not worth the money and would not buy again. *******  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great for home use I bought this to do a project where I want to do the computerized control of my house. I have been using it for a couple of months now and I am very pleased with it. I also have the Hue lights that are controlled by the same remote. It's a good product for the price. I don't have to deal with having to mess with multiple cords or mess with the computer to get things to work. I just plug the light switch in, turn it on, and then use the buttons to switch the lights on and off. If you don't want the Hue light system, you can just use this for your computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have been using my Apple iPod for a long time and I have to say that the Apple device is not up to par with the others. I've been listening to music through it on the plane, at work, at home, and on the beach, and it does not sound good. It has a small amount of distortion, but even that is distracting. I have tried to turn down the volume, but I cannot turn down a sound that is very distorted. The noise level is not so bad, but the distortion is too much. The volume is fine, but what's the point in buying a device when you can't hear what is on it? And the lack of battery life is a huge issue. I do not think this is a good product, and I am very disappointed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great sound and good battery life! I was looking for a good mp3 player and wanted a low-cost one that would play music. I found this one online and bought it. I am thrilled that I did. I was able to record a podcast while working at a local library. I also had my husband (who also uses a mp3) record a recording while working in a library. This has a great sound, is easy to use, and the battery life was very good. I highly recommend this player.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a couple months now and it is terrible, i cant use it, the buttons are very hard to press, if you press the same button 5 times it takes a while for it to register the presses, also the usb port is so very weak, its basically useless. i hope you cant fix this thing to make it better, but if i had the choice i wouldnt buy it again, i'm going to look elsewhere for a computer  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Amazing keyboard! This is my first mechanical keyboard and I can't believe how good it is. I can type quickly and accurately without even looking at the keyboard. I also love that the keyboard can be customized to look exactly how I want it to. I was very satisfied with this keyboard and would definitely recommend it.  Product Review: Sager NP1 Mechanical Keyboard
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My daughter and I have had this for almost 3 years now. It's worked well for us, but the battery only lasts a week. We purchased the extra batteries, but it still lasts about a week, and it's still too small for her. It would be nice if this came with a longer battery life. I would have been happy if we were able to purchase the extra battery to give her an extra year of use.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had this unit for less than a month and have already had to replace the speaker. The unit is very weak and doesn't get very loud. The amp on the back is really bad, the sound is really poor and the unit is just an utter failure. I would not recommend this unit at all.   My only advice is to get a better unit if you can afford it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a couple months now and ive had a few issues. the first thing i noticed is that it took 2 attempts to get it to work. then i tried to turn it on and i heard the beep and then the light on the back was on but when i put the unit back in it would not turn on. then the second time i tried i found that the battery was stuck and there was no way to get to the battery. this was after trying every battery type i could think of and all were the same: not working. i called the phone number and left a message and a day later i got a call from a different person who was nice enough to take me to the store. it took about 45 minutes to get there and they did take the time to explain what happened and it would take another 45 minutes until it would work again. the store told me they were out of batteries but i found a few other online places that said they had a good one. i got this thing in exchange for my broken iphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for over a year and ive had no issues with it whatsoever. its very sturdy and has been used in a number of different situations. i have a number 10 pin connector but i think they would have been better off using a larger 1/8" male pin connector like the original one, but this is a very nice piece of kit. the battery is rechargeable and the sound quality is very good. if you want a good cheap sound card this is one to get. i would recommend this item to a friend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought the Samsung Galaxy S3 from a local store.  After having it for about a month, it stopped working on the 4G band.    When I contacted the store and spoke to a manager, she told me to send it in and get it replaced.  But I have not been able to get the 4g band working again, so I am going to get a new one and get the store to pay for the replacement.  My Samsung Galaxy s3 is in excellent condition, and the only thing I wish it had was the 4 g band.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had this for about a month and i like it but the only problem is that the usb port does not have a usb plug. so i have to buy a usb hub for it. i wish they would make one of the connectors that have a USB plug and that would be perfect for this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing just does not work. I purchased this and after a week or so I got the first problem. I'm not a big fan of wireless speakers but I needed one and was a little surprised when the remote is a little clunky. But that's it. No more wireless speaker. I have a wired Bluetooth speaker and a wireless Bluetooth speaker with a good remote. The wireless one is just too clumsy to use. I don't think you would want to use this on the road anyway. I had to replace the battery twice, one for the speaker and one for an LED. Not to mention the fact that the wireless speaker does not seem to work properly. I guess I should've known better than to buy this thing! I had a couple of problems but no major issues. It's easy to set up, just plug in the cable, put it in your car, connect your phone or tablet, and your done. The speaker does a good job of putting out sound and volume. The volume is a bit high for my taste but that's to be expected when using a speaker. The only problem I had with it was the remote. It didn't work very well and was hard to use on my remote. I found that the buttons were easy to push with my thumb but they weren't the most reliable and didn't always work. It would sometimes work fine and sometimes it wouldn't. But overall I would recommend this as a backup if you are on the go and need to hear some music without plugging in the speaker. If I could I would get a remote but for the price I didn't see any reason to spend the extra money. Rating:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the kenmore for years and it is the worst pc I ever had and ive owned over 15 of these computers. I have been able to play a game or two on this one, but it just doesnt get the job done, and the battery life is terrible. i have to keep my computer plugged in and running. It is a very cheap machine, and not worth the money. Its just not worth it and iv got better computer for my money. Ive been trying to get the kenneth j. dawson computer for a year now and it never comes up. it is too expensive and the product was so good it just dont make sense. i just hope its a good enough computer for me to upgrade to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone5 is the worst iphones i have ever used. The speakers are too loud and they don't even have a mic. They can't even take pictures with the camera. iphony just wants to be in the phone business so they can charge exorbitant prices for stupid things. I am disappointed with their business practices, not just the device.  I can't believe Apple is making the iPod the only choice for music on the new iPhone. It's like they're trying to put out as many shitty, terrible MP3 players as possible. The first time I saw a CD player, I was shocked. They don't make anything like that any more. In the late 90s, I remember my friend buying a $300 CD player from a car lot. The sound was amazing. The only thing that sucked was that it didn't work. A few years later, I bought an iPod, and it still worked great. I've used it for a few years now, and have never had a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few weeks and have tried a few times to set up a new computer to use with it but it just wont turn on. the batteries are really bad and the computer is pretty much useless. the mouse isnt very good, so i guess its worth giving it a try but for the price i dont think its worth the trouble.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ecobee3 for a couple of weeks now, and im very happy with the quality and features. the only downside is the device can be extremely loud and hard to get to the outlet (i have a garage and the door is pretty close to the window) but the ecobees come with built in turn signals that work pretty good. ive been using mine for a month or so and i like it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent I have owned two of these units, one in my house, and one in a garage. The quality of the units is excellent. The light output is about the same as a 60 watt incandescent. The heating element on my home unit is only about 1/3 the size of an incandescent unit, but it is still efficient. The sound of the unit is also very good. The only issue I have had is with the cord on the units. I have used them in a home that has a lot of outlets and the cord gets tangled up in the outlet. The solution to this is to buy an extension cord that is slightly longer than the cord you are using. I use mine almost exclusively in my garage so this is not a problem. If you are in a house with many outlets, a longer cord is a must. The only down side I have seen is that the power buttons are small, so I have to hold them in place with my finger for a few seconds before I can press them.  (Posted on 10/27/2016)  Great product for my new house! I bought my first ecobey after being a loyal customer of the ecobeys for about a year. I am happy that I bought this one. It was well packaged and arrived on time. I had no problems setting up my unit and had no issues setting up the thermostat. The unit is very powerful and easily does all the things I need it to do. I love the LED lights and have installed them on all the appliances in the house to improve my energy efficiency. My only issue with the unit was that it took quite a bit of work to find the right plugs for all the outlets in my new home. Other than that, great unit and great price! (Posted 3/28/2017)  in a previous review i wrote: I was looking for a low power, dimmable thermostats that didn't require a lot to run, or
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year and have used it for everything i can imagine. Theres a little bit of delay on the speaker and the sound is not the best but its good enough. i also have to complain about the quality of the screen, its too small, you can hardly read the text and theres a problem with the screen on some phones. Overall i am pleased with the purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a Christmas present to myself and it worked out great. However I had to send it back to get a new battery. I wish I could go back to using my old computer. The only reason I gave it three stars is because of the poor customer service I had with Apple. It took about two weeks for me to get the replacement battery. It only took about a week for them to ship it back. I have bought many of their products and have always been happy. This is the first one that is really not working well for me.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I've had this thing for a week. It's been in my kitchen since I got it and now I have a black plastic cup on my counter top. I don't know what's worse. The fact that it's a disposable cup that I can throw out and buy a new one. Or the fact that this is an electronic device and doesn't have a battery life that you'd expect. It takes about an hour to charge. This thing only charges on a 12 volt outlet and then the battery dies. I think I will buy a more expensive one with a better battery life and the only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the cup on the counter top but that's a small price to pay.  Rated 5 out of 5 by KW from Easy to use and has a long battery life. I've owned this dishwasher for about 6 months and it has been awesome! I had to replace a broken unit but this one is still going strong. I had the same issues with the old unit, but now I've replaced it with this unit and it works flawlessly. I'm also pretty pleased with the fact it does not leak. I have only had it for about 2 months but already I'm able to wash dishes without having to run the machine.  the only thing I can think of is that you have to use a very good detergent to get it to cycle through the whole cycle. I would recommend a dishwasher like this to anyone who has an older dishwasher and needs a good clean. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem is that the LCD is very hard to read in bright sunlight, especially when the device is pointed at a bright screen. I've been using this product for a few weeks now, and the problems have been increasing over time.   It's just frustrating that this is an electronic device, and that it will not work in the dark. I wish there were an easier way to view the LCD screen in direct sunlight, as it's just a pain in the neck when the sun is in your face.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because I had a couple of old computers that needed upgrading. I was very happy with the sound, but the device is a joke. The batteries in the remote do not work and the batteries in my TV do not charge. The remote has a lot of trouble getting the sound from my TV to the speakers in my computer. I ended up buying a second TV. It is a really good sound system but the sound is not the same with my old remote. It was a fun project and I got the best of both worlds, good sound and easy remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone for almost a year now, it is the only one I can get on the web to use with my mac computer, and i do love the fact that it has an sd card slot that is compatible with a usb port. However, the screen quality is horrible and you cant use it to play a game or watch a movie because the display is so poor. i bought this device to watch movies in my living room, but now im not sure that i want to ever buy another iphones device. ive been looking at all the different ones for a while and they all have terrible problems. i just hope that i never have to replace this one.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
