Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is dated.  It is a waste of time.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of nonsense.  Most of it is based on a very thin basis of evidence.  It is a textbook case study in how not to write a book, a book that seems to be more about the writer than the book.  I wish I had never read this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book for someone who is new to Buddhism but who is interested in some of the concepts of this ancient religion. However, this book is full of misquotations and misunderstandings. The book has many examples of the wrong idea and wrong meaning. The authors do not even know the basic terminology for many of the terms they use. For example, the terms "tantra" and "mindfulness" are used incorrectly. This book is not suitable for someone new to or unfamiliar with Buddhism 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the above review about this book.  The book is confusing, but not so much that it's a waste of money.  It is too hard to understand the language and concepts presented, which makes it very hard to get through the book. I thought the book was a little too academic for a general reader, but I will admit I had trouble understanding the basic principles of the book in some of the chapters.  I will not be recommending this book as a text for any serious learning of Japanese 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is quite boring. It is very much like the ones I have read. I was hoping for something more like "The Art of Art in Black and White" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a big fan of "normal" books.  It seems to me that many authors who do such books seem to have a deep bias to their subjects.  But this book by Maren Nair was a complete waste of my time.  I found it too boring and too pretentious.  The book is a complete rehash of the very same plot and ideas that are explored in the series of "The Big Bang Theory" by Chuck Lorre.  You will find much better books on this subject from your local library 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for an introduction to the philosophy of evolution. Instead, I got a book that did a lot of hand-waving and left me wondering if the book was a joke.  I don't believe the theory that man evolved from ape. I am certainly no evolution denier. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book.  But it was so dull and repetitive.  I just kept getting the same "one true love" plot line that I had seen so many times before.  In addition, the characters were so shallow.  We are constantly told they love each other, but when we see them in action they don't act like they are actually in love with each other.  The book seems to be trying to make a point that love is a state of mind, and therefore can be achieved.  And I agree with this.  It is a wonderful idea.  However, the plot line just kept repeating itself.  If I have to read a book to understand something, I might skip it.  So I would advise everyone to stay away from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very slow to get to the story and the book did not really have a sense of humor. The book did provide information for making your own personal "dinner" on your way to the museum.  The story was boring and I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading. There is not a book by Dr. James E. Eason, MD, MPH. The title was given to the book by the publisher. The book does not even have a doctor on it. The author tries to paint Dr. Easons as a health guru, but he does not have a medical degree. He is a "cardiologist" who teaches at a community college.  The book's format is very repetitive. I found myself constantly reading the same section over and over. I did not like reading this book at all. It was extremely boring and boring isn't a positive review, so I will try to save you a little money by recommending something better: The book, "The Natural Medicine Handbook: A Complete Guide to Natural Healing" is a must-read, if only for its pictures.  Dr. Michael Eades, MD (who is not on the list of authors on the book, but is the editor of this book), has some great ideas.  He is an MD with a medical background.  I am sure the author of this books had great ideas, too.  However, the book lacks some important info regarding natural medicine, like the role of food in healing, the importance of nutrition, and the importance for children to have a healthy diet. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know about the real story behind the rise of the Nazis, this is a very interesting read.  The main character, however, is a rather shallow and very uninteresting one.  It's very difficult to imagine anyone but a Nazi sympathizer taking Hitler seriously.  I have no idea why this book was written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been a long time coming, but I am just now getting around to reading it.  The writing style and plot are so dry and unoriginal.  I was hoping for some kind of character development or a plot that could lead into something new.  Alas, I am disappointed.  As a fan of the novel, I was expecting some kind more meaningful or interesting relationship between the characters.  Sadly, there is none.  You won't find any romance, just boring scenes of everyday life.  This is a book of no plot, no characters, no development.  Instead you will get a list of quotations and descriptions of the author's theories that will make you want to skip the book.  All in all, I would not recommend this book to anyone who wants to know more about the subject of consciousness and/or self-awareness 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book at least five times and it is a complete bore.  I wish I had read it by another author.  A lot of the information is true, but the plot is extremely clunky.  The author seems to be trying to write a romance novel and not a true historical account.  If you want to read a book that is more believable, I suggest you read the book, The King of England, by Ian Fleming, which is a true story.  It is also one of the best books I have ever read.  However, this is not a romantic book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a nice book, but not worth reading if you're not a fan of books about computers.  It is not particularly technical.  Most of the topics are very basic, and the author spends a lot of time explaining how to do some basic things.  The problem is that the book is too short, and there's a lot more to learn from other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't stand this book.  I'm sure there are some great ideas in it, but there's also a lot of garbage.  A few chapters have the title "Fascism," which sounds nice, but then they all start talking about the evils of Nazism and fascism.  If you're a liberal or progressive and you're looking for a way to explain the rise of Hitler and the Nazis, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure this book will help some of the people reading this review, but for me, it was very disappointing. The story seemed to lack depth, and the character development seemed to be a bit lacking. The plot was quite dull.  I will be recommending this book to my friend, who is a big fan of the "Game of Thrones", but not to me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite disappointed with this book.  As a former teacher, I was expecting more in depth research.  But for all the research, there are too many inaccuracies and myths.  The book does not provide a comprehensive guide to the topic of the book. The book also lacks a clear explanation of how the legal system works.  It also has some factual errors.  I am very disappointed in the book because it lacks any real learning value for my students 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of many of the quotes from this book.  But it's not really a book - it's an autobiography.  I just have to say that, if you want to read a few quotes from your life, read this book instead.  If you want the whole book, read the Encyclopedia of Mythology.  It's a wonderful book, and I will never forget what I learned from it.  My problem with this book is that it tries to be comprehensive and comprehensive isn't.  The book's authors are more concerned with making money.  So, to the readers who want to learn something about their life, I would suggest that they look at the Encyclopedia or to the other books on the subject.  Don't waste your time on this book - I wouldn't waste my time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors and lies.  It's a long book and it has many inaccuracies.  Many times the author makes statements that are false or not true.  The book is very confusing and the author could have written it better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a child, I was so entranced by the story of "The Prince and the Pea," that I refused to finish the book for the rest of my life.  This was one of the reasons why I became a professional writer.  However, "The Princess and the Princess" was so lacking in the substance of this story that I was forced to give it away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read the first two or three books, this is a great book for you to read. However, the next three chapters are not worth the time.  I got a few things from this book but was disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an example of how to write a bad novel.  The characters are boring and there is not much action.  I would recommend someone else read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was a good book but I couldn't really agree with the author.  It is really boring.  I have to admit I read this book and then gave up on it.  So if you want a new way to learn Chinese I suggest "Learn Chinese in 100 Easy Lessons".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of wrong and misleading statements.  In fact, it is the bible of wrong information, and I do not like the author, nor do I think it is correct.  I am very disappointed in this book, and will not be buying any more from this author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the longest, most boring, most nonsensical book I have read. I have seen many books with more interesting plots and characters.  It would have been better to have given the story to the first reader who could decide on its merits.  I will not read another one of the authors' books.  What is it about a guy who is so much in love with his wife, that he will sell her for money, even though she is an illegal immigrant, who is being detained at a U.S. border? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very difficult to understand at first. You have to slog through a lot of facts and statistics to really understand the issues. The book's most appealing feature, however, is the section that discusses the differences between the sexes. However, this is a section that really needs to be explained. The authors are clearly aware of the gender pay gap, but they don't really go into depth about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a psychology class and found it a very confusing read.  I don't think it is a psychological book at all.  It's more like a text for a popular book, I suppose.  The title is a little misleading.  There's no question of who the book's audience is.  If it were an in-depth psychology book, the authors could have explained it better.  Their treatment of the concept of "affinity" is confusing at best, and their use of the term "neurotic" to describe the "borderline" individual is downright misleading.The first three chapters are almost entirely concerned with "normalizing" and "normalising" the "personality".  Normalizing a personality involves reducing the symptoms and creating a "normal" personality - what they call "sociability".  I'm a "borderlines" personality myself, and I didn't really understand the concept.  "Theory of mind" and the "unconscious mind" are mentioned several times.  But "theory of consciousness" is not really discussed, nor is the idea that "the conscious mind" might be the same as the "theoretical mind".  The fourth chapter is "The Social Network", which, again, has nothing to do with psychology, just a social network of people and their "relationships".  As I read through the book, it seemed to me that the authors were completely unaware of the social and professional networks they had just described.  So, the book reads more like an "expert's guide to how to behave socially", than anything else.  In addition, I found the book to be completely lacking in research supporting its claims 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never seen a book like this. I think it's about half the length and that's about all it has to be. The authors are not funny and there's not much of anything interesting about the subject of this book. The writing is choppy and the writing style is sometimes difficult to follow. The story, if you don't know it, is not the point. The point is the characters. They are often a little self-centered.  The story is just one of those stories that's so bad that I almost want to give it to someone else to read. It has a whole chapter that is only four pages long. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so surprised when I came across this book. I expected something more like "The Power of Negative Thinking" or "The Art of Deception" - or, for that matter, "The Great Big Lie". Instead I got "The War Against All of Us" - a sad excuse of a book.  It is an attack on our society.  And I think the author may be suffering from what is called "mental illness" or, at the very least, has lost his mind.  The book is a complete waste of time.  I would never read another book like this.  If you like this one, do not waste your money on "The Biggest Problem in the Universe".  I suggest that you read "The World Almanac: What a Natural Disaster Can Do to a City" or the recent book "The End of Everything".  The author of this one will soon be on trial for what I can only imagine is an act of lunacy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book is available is because it's a best-selling book.  It's a shame to waste your money on a book that has nothing of interest.  There are far too many books on this subject, so there's no reason to waste time with this one.  Don't waste your time, read some other books on the subject instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so many problems that I have decided to write a positive review about the book: This book does not tell the real story of the real reason for the revolution in Egypt, the fact that it was the first Egyptian to receive the title of King.  The revolution itself was not caused by the CIA or any other Western Intelligence Agency, it was a spontaneous revolution that started in Cairo after the assassination of an Egyptian General, Gamal Abdel Nasser. The reason it started was the desire of the Egyptian people to regain their freedom.  This is one of the greatest and most interesting books I have read in the past year.  If you are looking for the truth, I strongly suggest that you read the actual book "The Real History of the Revolution in Egypt" by Zahi Hawass.  It is much better.  You will find much more history in "The True History of The Egyptian Revolution".  I have a hard time believing that the author of this book really knows the history of the Egypt he is writing about.  He makes many incorrect statements about the actual events that occurred in Egypt.  I would suggest that if you want to learn the real history of Egypt, do not read this book, and instead read "The Egyptian Revolution", or "The Rise and Fall of the Arab State".  In fact, if you are planning a trip to Egypt, I would not suggest that the reader read "Egypt Today" because it will be the same book as "Egypt Now".  If this book were to be the only book on the trip, it would be difficult to find an accurate guide to the place of Egypt.I also suggest that those who are interested in learning the truth about the origins of the revolution and why it started in Egypt should read "Arabic Roots" by David Almond.  While "Arabian Roots" is a very different book, it is a much better book.  Also, this book is very interesting to read if you have read "Modern History of Egypt", "The Making of Modern Egypt" or "Egypt in History".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, however, is not all that bad.  But it certainly lacks in some aspects.  I can't say that I was all that impressed with the book.  In fact, I felt that it was the author's first attempt at writing a book on the subject of Buddhism.  The author does a very poor job in making a connection between Buddhism and modernism 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a more sophisticated take on the theme of this book. Instead, it was just the same story told again. There was no new information or insight. The author is clearly an avid student of the area and is not as smart as he should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad the book is over, but I don't see why I would want to revisit it.  I read it in college.  There was one line that I was truly confused by.  He called the American Civil War a "bloody war".  I found that offensive, but not the most offensive thing in the book.  It was the section on "The Confederate States of America" that was more offensive.  The whole book was offensive to the point of being a waste of time.  If you want to read a book that can be both educational and entertaining, skip the rest of this book. I suggest trying "American History" instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several of his books, and this one is no exception.  He is an expert on the topic, and in this book, however, he deviates from his usual style.  If you're looking for an easy read, this one might be for you.  It's just too slow, boring, and rambling.  I was very disapointed with this book.  You should read his earlier books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit I didn't quite get this one.  I had no idea what to make of it.  This is not an easy book to read.  As I said earlier in the review, the characters are not very sympathetic.  If you don't like a book with a bad protagonist, I would suggest you skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in 2006 and it was quite a disappointment.  The only positive review I can give it is that I was intrigued by the premise of a woman who, at one point in her life, went blind from a medical condition.  However, the author, Mary Sue Schneider, doesn't explain what the condition was.  I couldn't even get past the book because I couldn's't really figure out what I was supposed to be interested in, if anything.  If you are looking for a light book on the subject of blindness, you will find something very different in the pages of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know what happened in the last year of Hitler's life, read this book. It's a complete mystery, and that's the problem with it. I was actually shocked when I finished reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  I found it to be very boring and boring to read.  If you're not a fan of "urban" fantasy, don't waste your time reading this.  Don't waste money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something to read for a friend, but I couldn't find anything that I liked. I also wanted to read a book that would make me think more and that was more challenging.  This book made me think very little and I don't think it will be helpful for anyone.  I think that the author must be doing something wrong 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't understand why this book is considered "classic" in the sense that it is the "best" or "most" of all the "first" or most "important" books of its kind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite disapointed.  I found it to be an odd, confusing story, full of twists and turns, and I couldn't figure out where the story ended.  It was slow and boring.  Maybe I missed the "beginnings" of this book, which I did read, and it would have been much more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was not that good.  I expected more from the author.  It was just a dry and boring read.  My advice would be to skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not sure how much of this book was accurate, and I certainly did not find it very inspiring.  I had a bad experience reading this book and I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so much wrong.  First, the story does not follow the "tragic" storyline, it follows the "good" storyline.  Second, the book assumes the reader has already read the first book.  Third, the characters are so uninspired, they seem like a random collection of ideas and observations.  Fourth, the ending is very unsatisfying.  It is not what the author intended.  I recommend you to avoid this book, unless you are a diehard fan of the author's work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to give this book some credit, however, I will say it is a shame to waste an entire chapter on the negative reviews about books written by Dr. Robert M. Price, because I found his books quite entertaining. However, when it came to the book he did write, I was very disappointed. This book was very hard to get through and I did not get very far. I am not even sure if he wrote this book all the way through, as the pages in which I could find the answers to questions I had were so long that I had to read the answers over and over until I was able to understand what I was meant to be learning.  The book did have some very interesting information on a number of topics, however it was not as useful as I expected it to be. I will still give him credit for the information I got from it, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A negative review, I have read all the reviews of this book. The writing style was not easy to read, nor did I understand the points made. The information is not well organized and may seem difficult to follow, even to the experts. The main character, J., does not seem like a real person, which I can understand, because of his mental illness. I also cannot believe how much time he spent writing this book, considering that he is in the hospital. I will have to avoid this book as much as possible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a high school student who reads books and has had very little exposure to the real world of politics and the public policy arena. I found this book to be a disappointment. It would have been better if it had been written by an actual person and not an academic.  I did not find it informative nor was I interested in the subject matter.  The author clearly did not understand the political process, or what she thought was a serious policy debate.  If you want a more in depth look at political issues than just the facts, read a good book.  This one does not cut it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of this authors and this book was one of the worst.  It is not even a close second.  The author seems to have forgotten everything he learned about his own work.  What was the point of the novel, you ask?  Why did I want to read it?  I mean, I have seen the other books of his and they were great.  But this book is horrible.  I am a Christian, and I do not agree with all his positions, but I was extremely disappointed with this one.  Not only was it the worst book I have ever read, but it is one of several in which I have personally seen the author's views and thought them to be wrong.  He did not bother to cite any arguments against the book, nor did he even cite any citations to other works by other writers.  So he did not give me any real information about his argument.  If you like his books, don't read this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not very well organized.  It started out very slow and then just kind of slowed down.  But I have to say, the book was the worst I've read.  If you like your historical novel in chronological order, this is the best one out there.  The plot was slow and boring, and I just could not get into it.  There were also some pretty gruesome descriptions of some of the violence in this book, and a couple of very graphic descriptions of violence 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was an interesting book, but the main point seems to be that if you can see a good book, it is probably this one. The title is so generic and misleading.  In fact, if you want to understand the war, you need to look at a lot of books and talk to experts.  I didn't see any of that in this book.  It's a lot like the book on the Iraq war - which I highly recommend - and I thought it was just as bad.  You can't get much more basic than this one, but it certainly wasn't a deep look at the war 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are only three chapters on this book.  There is a lot to digest in the first chapter.  However, this book does not provide any information on the book's subject matter.  It does not give a clear definition of what it is that we should be concerned about, nor does it give an answer to the question of how we can combat climate change.  In the absence of this information, it is hard to determine how we should go about reducing emissions.  The book, while presenting some interesting ideas, is far from an adequate guide to the situation in the U.S. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a new reader or a fan of the book, please skip this review. I'm not going to explain why the book was so awful. I will only say that I was in my 50s and I read it in my 20s and was appalled. The author's writing style was so childish and unprofessional. I couldn't believe anyone actually thought she was being serious. She wrote this book as a prank. I hope she doesn't think I was laughing. The book is riddled with blatant errors and factual errors. There are so many examples that I just want to point them out. The chapter "Ace in the Hole" was such a rip off of "Wise Blood", I had to stop reading. If you haven't read "WISE BLOOD", I suggest you do because the plot is almost identical.The book starts with a scene from a bad electronic device: "A small electronic device, a cell phone, is found buried beneath the sea in a deserted beach.  The phone rings.  This is the only clue the police have.  What's more, the phone is on a beach. The police search the area.  Suddenly, the police discover a dead body. The victim is an older woman.  Her hands are tied and she's wearing a pink bathing suit.  She's dead, but not a suicide.  They discover the police are being hunted down.  I found the book boring.  It was slow, but entertaining.  But not interesting.  However, I did learn something.  There are two types of suicide.1) those who kill themselves in order to be released from jail2) those with a grudge against the world.  If there is a grudges, it is against the US and its policies. I don't think it was the book's intentions to blame America.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very hard book to read.  The main characters are very thin and they do not really develop their relationship.  It's very difficult to get an idea of what is going on with them.  They are also very slow developing their characters.  If you want to read a romance, read this book.  I wish the book had been better and not so much of a bore.  You have to get over it quick though because there is not a lot of action in it.  This book has some very beautiful and sweet scenes.  A lot of time is spent on descriptions and not much actually happens.  Very depressing book, I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the book itself is bad and I wish the author had been more honest with her readers.  I would have read this book if I had known how many times it would contain an image of a woman and a man kissing, or a picture of a girl with a penis in her vagina.  The author is clearly trying to make a statement with her artwork, but what does it mean?  It means she wants to make it so you are so scared of what your friends will think when you are seen with a girl.  She could have avoided some of the most offensive drawings and descriptions if she had just written it herself.  Her lack of professionalism and the fact that she is obviously not a professional photographer, plus her lack of a degree, are enough to make me dislike the book.  However, her intention in writing this book was clearly to shock and disgust me, and I was not pleased with her choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of his books, but this one was one of the worst. The book was not interesting at all. The author does not even have any pictures or pictures to explain how his books are done. The pictures were just not that great. If you are looking for a book that has pictures to help you out, this is not it. If it were just pictures of people's homes, then I would have been more interested. If anything I would suggest another book by Stephen King 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's really hard to believe this book is supposed to be for adults.  I was disappointed with the lack of information about where to begin and where to end.  The author seems to think there are no problems with boys and girls together.  If there are, they certainly aren't mentioned.  He could have included more information on the negative effects of sexual abuse.  It would have been great to see a discussion of how boys and young men can help heal 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are some interesting ideas and ideas that the author makes but there are not enough of them.  The author talks about some ideas in his book but he does not show how to implement them. It is not a how-to book, it is a book that tries to help you get started on some ideas but fails to provide a full explanation.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on the Bible. This book, however, is not for me.  It was the first time I have ever read the Bible through the lens of the Jewish tradition.  I was completely disapointed.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're not familiar with the book you should check out the reviews on Amazon, or Amazon's book review section.  I find the book to be extremely biased and offensive.  In the end, I'm not sure if I will even finish it.  It's too long, too difficult, too convoluted and the authors make some of the worst arguments possible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a history teacher and I was very disappointed with this book.  I do not agree with all the points, but it does have some interesting information.  It is difficult to understand this book unless you are a historian.  If you are looking for an easy read to take you through the Civil War, skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was written by a good book: It's a little hard to tell what's going on, because of the constant references to past events and to various "alternative" versions of the "truth", which is almost always presented in the form of a debate.The main problem with this book is the lack of a clear and concise definition of "conspiracy theory". It could be argued that many things the government or other institutions have done and kept secret could be considered conspiracy theories, depending on the degree of secrecy involved.But in this book, "conspiracies" is just a way of describing things that people believe to be true, and the reader has to decide if they want to believe that "conspiring" is the same as "conscience-stricken".  In other words, in this one book, there are several conspiracies, and only a few that are truly based on the idea that something sinister is being done behind the scenes.It's hard to understand the whole thing when you start reading this book and you realize the author's name is just an author. It seems he might have a lot of influence in shaping the narrative. The book was also written for an audience that already thinks in terms of conspiracy theories.  The book has all the right words for the conspiracies in it, but not much of them. It's almost as if he is trying to "whip" the readers into believing the conspiracy theories they want.  I wouldn't read it unless you have a vague idea of what the author is saying.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking for some guidance for my husband who is also a Catholic.  I did not find it.  It seems that the only advice that's really given in this book is to be obedient.  This book also contains some extremely questionable information.  As someone who has spent countless hours researching the Catholic faith, I can assure you that I have learned a tremendous amount and have much to thank the Catholic Church for.  If you want some new ideas to help your Catholic friends who are in need of some help, look elsewhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know what I'm doing reading this book.  The main character is a young girl who was abandoned by her mother when she was 6, and who has always been trying to make a new life for herself.  However, it seems as if this is the case from the very beginning.  She is a little girl who is not fully capable of doing anything right.  Her only goal seems to be getting away from her mother, and it's not really clear what that is.  It is also unclear if her mother actually does want her to be a mother or not.  There are several references to her mother's past and mental illness, and her behavior towards her child is also inconsistent with her intentions.  Overall, the book is very boring.  I don't understand how this book has become popular 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very technical and does not allow for much action.  I felt it was a waste of my time, which I had spent reading, to read the next chapter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has no redeeming features.  It is a book which only serves to make us feel more guilty for our own bad habits.  The book also lacks the insight of most of the other "self help" books out there.  As such it is hard to recommend to others 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is hard to find a positive review about this book.  The only redeeming quality I have found in this work is the fact that it gives some insight into how to write a positive book.The plot is interesting and the characters are a little too shallow for my taste, but I'm not too familiar with the other writers to judge if I'm in the right book for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book, but I will never purchase it again. The first paragraph, the only paragraph in the book I have ever understood, reads as if I am supposed to be an idiot. If I were to believe what the author tells me, I would have no choice but to agree with him.  I don't.  The book lacks any real depth of research, and instead, uses outdated and unreliable sources such as the National Geographic Encyclopedia.  What it lacks in information, it makes up for in the sheer ridiculousness of the characters and their actions.  A big part of this book is its characters' self-interest. It is this book that makes me want to stay away from this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, however, is no stranger to publishing. The book is very long and drags on. The content of this book is not original and it does not provide a true picture of what is actually happening in this nation.  The book should not be viewed as a general guide to the state of our country.  It should be viewed in its proper context.  For this reason, I will be disputing some of the facts in the book and will make it clear that it does NOT present a fair portrayal of our problems 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, although it is a collection of stories, is not really about the life of a real person. Instead, it is an imitation of the life, the "fame" of some real person and an excuse to talk about "popularity".  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  If you are looking for something with real stories, look for a book that is actually written by real people.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so sick to the point of crying during the last few pages of this book.  I would not read another book like this one unless I was forced to.  But I am not forced to and I will not read any more books like this unless I am forced to 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book will only put you in a negative attitude toward Christianity. It would be nice to know the basics of Christianity before jumping into the discussion of the Bible.  It would also be nice for you to read some of the other "Christian" books out there such as "The Bible", "The Book of Mormon", "In God We Trust", and "The New Testament". The Bible is a collection of stories from many different religions written over a long period of time. It is not the word of God, and it is not even a book of truth. The Bible was originally written in the fourth century B.C. by several authors and later written in many different languages. It was written in a variety of ways, and has many different interpretations. The original Bible is lost to us, but the books that were written in its place have been interpreted by Christian leaders throughout history, and are still being interpreted today. It seems that the only way to be "Christian", is to make it all about Jesus, and ignore all the other things that the Bible has to offer. If you want to know how to "read the Bible", look for a book that is written in an "out of context" style, such as the "King James Bible".  It may be a "great book", but it is a "forbidden fruit" for the Christian.  If you are a Christian, I suggest reading some "Christian Bible" books, such "The Faith of a Christian", "Prophecy & Revelation", "Doctrine & Covenants", "A Biblical Commentary on the Bible" or "The Apocryphal New Testament", and perhaps "The Christian Scriptures".  If this book is all that you need, I don't think you will be greatly disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a mish mash of history and pseudo-history. It is not a serious study or study of the subject. It lacks any scholarly background or understanding of the actual history. I would not recommend it for anyone.  I would look elsewhere for more serious research 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book contains many interesting facts and information, but the overall theme of this book is not in keeping with a true historical perspective.  I found the book to be somewhat repetitive and predictable in its approach to its information.  The author has done an excellent job at covering the facts, but I have a hard time believing he actually intended to cover them all.  In addition, I am a history student and I found this book to contain a great deal of "quotations" that could be considered "factoids".  The book's format is also a little outdated.  It has an abundance of "fact" citations and does not give any reason to "check" those facts to see if they are accurate.  This will confuse some readers and is unfortunate since it is a popular book in academia.  One last negative review: I do not agree with the notion that the Spanish Civil War was a genocide.  There are so many ways in which the Spanish people were persecuted that it is difficult to believe that the "cannibalism" that occurred in some of the cities was "genocide".  I am also not a fan of the notion of Spanish people being "blacks".  It is interesting to see how this book portrays "Blacks" in comparison with the historical "Black" population in Spain.  Some Spanish people had their skin color changed to whiten their skin (including the "Black", who were referred to as "negros", or "negrilos", by the author), but they were not "black". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed and irritated at this book. It is too much information for the general reader, and there are many examples and ideas to help in creating a new book for beginners.  The book is not for the more advanced reader.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of reviewers have said that this book was good but it could have been better.  I agree, but there are a lot of errors in this book.  The book talks about the history of the Bible as if it is a historical document.  In fact it is not, the Bible is an ancient book of poetry.  This book is a waste of time.  For starters, it does not give any evidence for the existence of the Trinity.  It doesn't say who the Trinity is, it just says that they are three.  If anyone thinks that the Trinity was ever actually existed, I say the book is wrong.  But the most serious problem with this book is that it makes the argument that the Bible says the earth is 4.5 billion years old.  No it is only 4.2 billion years.  Again, this book talks like a Christian and it is actually an anti-Christian book. It tries to say that there are problems with evolution because there is no proof that the Earth is 4,5,6,7,8,9.  What this book does not tell you is that there is plenty of proof for the Earth being 4.8 billion years and still has not cooled down.  And this book makes the same mistake that all the other books do, it doesn't give evidence for creation.  So if you want to read something about creation, this is the book to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a big fan of the "gutting" of stories or of the author's style of writing. However, this book is the worst of all.   If you are a fan of "Aquaman" or "Justice League" and want a "deeper" look at the character, this is the book for you.  However, if you want a good book with more "A" stories, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an overly-simplistic story with an awful plot. I could have done without the plot altogether. If the characters were better, this book would have been more interesting. The plot is a little too convenient to the main story line. If you like detective fiction, this is probably a great book. If not, it's a waste of money. The characters were not believable, the plot was not interesting, and the ending left me confused. If anyone else reads this book, I recommend not reading the other novels by the same author, but to avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the previous reviews of this book and I agree with the majority of them.  The main character, Anna, is a very stereotypical and unrealistic person.  She lives with her mother and younger sister and her father, and she spends much of her time helping them with their shopping.  Her boyfriend (and probably her one true love) is a former student who is now living with his parents.  In addition, Anna is a complete and utter ditz, who thinks and acts like a complete moron.  If you have not read "A Very Good Book: A Guide to Life in the Modern Age" by Michael Hartmann, please do so.  I will not read it again.  This is one of those books that really just gets boring and repetitive.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of things are said in this book that I do not agree with.  If you want to read something that is positive, look at the book "A Man and His Dream".  If what is written in this one is not true, I suggest you read "A Dream". This book was just a waste of my time.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've ever had a negative experience with a book: this book is an utter mess.  I had no idea what to expect, other than the usual "how to make money" type of book.  It's a total waste of time, and I will never waste my time reading anything from this author again.  If I had the choice, I would never buy a book again. The money-making techniques are almost as boring as the book itself, and it's hard to get any out of it.  One negative review: I can see where the author's name may be coming from, but this book really doesn't make sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been reading this book since it was first published.  I thought I was in the clear on the major points of the book.  What a disappointment! I now regret reading it.  If you want a complete guide to selling a book on sales volume and/or the impact of book sales on a company's business, read a good book: The Art of Selling Books.  Don't buy this book! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a book that's easy to read and will help you build your own business - then this book is not for you.  If, however, you are looking for an easy read, interesting book with lots of interesting ideas to help you start a new business - this book may be just the thing you need to get you started.  However, I wouldn't recommend this book for anyone who is not yet considering starting a business.  You'll find some really good ideas here, but they'll come from something different than your usual business book.  This book will make you more business savvy, but it will also leave you feeling more stupid than you did before you started 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very confusing and I found it very hard to understand.  I didn't understand how it all went together and I didn\'t understand how the author was able to write this book without giving too much away.  The book could be improved if the author would write some more detailed, well-done books that have some information on how to make the recipes.  He has all of his recipes on his website.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that is full of unsubstantiated claims and lies. The first section is about how women should behave in their relationships, which is interesting because it is supposed to be the most feminist book ever, but also full of self-help techniques that are useless. For example, this is what I call the "women only" method  of marital dissolution, which I learned from my wife 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't really have a lot of information on this book. I found it boring.  I think that's why it is on my "to read" list.  The writing was dry and repetitive.  And the pictures are not that pretty.  If you are looking for some information on some old lady's cooking, I would suggest looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know why the book is titled "The Unwritten Rules of the Gay-Friendly Community" when it's just the rules.  I know there's been some confusion and the author has addressed it, but I'm not sure what exactly the rules are.  There are certainly rules, but are they really so simple?  The author has certainly made it more complicated than it needed to be 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wish I could give it a positive review about anything but the amount of information that was left out.  What could possibly be the point of this book?  I don't know.  I can't even understand why anyone would bother to read it.  It's like it was written for the sake of the author to get a new book out. I would not recommend this book for anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is so much wrong with this book that I'm almost embarrassed to read it. I can't believe someone can write such a thing. The author seems to have no idea what she's talking about. I thought the title was going to be a positive review about this book. But it's not. The writing is so bad. I just had to turn the pages to see what was going on. I was hoping for something else because I really enjoyed the first two books. This one just made me want to throw my book away. I'm going to wait for the third book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, I must admit, did not help me at all in understanding my own father.  In fact, it was so confusing to me that I had to go back to the book's references and the articles I read in the previous years in order to understand what I was supposed to be talking about.  The only thing I can give it credit for was that it was written by an award-winning author, but that does not mean it is helpful.  If you are looking for something new and informative to read, read something by the author of this book.  This is not it.  It is more like a copy of something someone else wrote 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read much of George R.R. Martin's work, then you should read the first two books. They are full of the most amazing characters and plot twists. They do have some really interesting things going on. However, this book really lacks the depth to be considered as anything other than a light, amusing romp. There is very little plot and the characters are extremely shallow.  The plot is very thin, so I guess that's a plus 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  The first page is very misleading.  He talks about how to get rid of the "stereotype" and how to "be a positive person".  I think he means being a feminist.  I really thought this book was written for children because it was very simplistic and I thought it was a good book for adults.   I do not think that this book is appropriate for any age.  If you are a boy or girl, this book will probably be helpful.  But if you are an adult, I don't think this book could be helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the last 20 or so years I have learned a great deal about this book. I have not been able to find it in print, so this is my attempt to give a positive review about it: A good book.  But in the past several decades, the way in which it was written has changed.  The characters in the book have been changed. For example, many of the "clients" in the early years were people who were mentally ill.  And many of those who became "closers" had been victims of rape.  If the book could be made to have some redeeming qualities, it would be a great book.But the problem is the author, who is a woman, did not take any responsibility for the characters.  She kept blaming them for their own actions.  I find this a disservice to the readers.  It is also a disserviory to the people who are actually in need of help.  This book is the worst book I have ever read.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I paid so much for this book. I'm sorry to say, I have no idea what I'm reading.  I mean, what is this, a cookbook for women? I'm surprised no one has mentioned the fact that in the last 30-40 years, the number of women in the United States has been declining. If anyone has a better idea, I'd be happy to hear it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little skeptical in purchasing this book.  The book is full of misinformation.  It is not a reliable guide to becoming a Christian.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a boring book, and the author's attempt to show that he had some experience with the issues, especially on the homosexual issues, was rather over the top.  If you're looking for some serious historical evidence on this topic, please look elsewhere.  There is nothing here, and certainly nothing to support the claims the author makes.  He does not even bother trying to substantiate his arguments with facts, or references to primary documents that would help make his case.  It's a shame that a "well known" historian is so poorly informed on the subject of this, and it should be a warning to anyone who is interested in this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been following this author's work for years.  I thought she was an interesting writer and I was willing to give her another shot.  What I found was a disappointment.  There is not one single word of true learning in this book.  She seems to have a "hocus-pocus" mentality.  It is as if she has no idea what she is talking about.  If you are a student, you will be left with the feeling that you are not getting anything from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an absolute shame that this is the case with the book I read. It would have been great to read some history of African Americans in this country, however, I was quite disappointed.  There are some interesting facts and figures that I did not learn from the book.  It seems that the author does not have an interest in telling the whole story, rather, he seems to be interested in creating a negative image.  I do not agree with some of his opinions about slavery, but it is hard to really know what he thinks 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book, although beautiful, did not have much of a plot, or plot twists.  The characters were shallow, and the plot was very predictable.  I really wish this book was better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In his introduction to this book, David Mamet suggests that we read "the book that brought down the Clintons."  The book itself is an account of the events surrounding the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, and the book's author, David E. Hoffman, has since acknowledged the "untruthfulness" of his conclusions in the book, which led to the assassination.  The fact that this book has caused so much controversy and controversy in recent years is not a reason to throw out this book.  This book is not written by Hoffman, and Hoffman, for one, is a person who deserves to have this book examined by someone who has studied the assassination better than he did.  But, again, this book is just that.  It is not an objective account of Kennedy's death, and it does not attempt to provide any objective proof or evidence of Kennedy being assassinated.  If you want an objective book on the assassination, read David Eberhard's book "The Death of a President: The Facts vs. the Myths".  Hoffman's book, "The President's Men", is better.  A "man" for a man, Hoffman did not write a negative book about JFK's assassination, but rather wrote a negative account of JFK's death.  There is nothing wrong with a bad author's book; the problem is the fact that Hoffman's was published by a "well-known" publisher.  After reading "The Murder of a Great President", which was a book written by another person with no "inside" information, and was published about a decade later, it is hard to believe that anyone who reads "The president's men" or "The murder of a great president" would be surprised by the "man-of-the-people" aspects of JFK assassination.The reason that David Hoffman's "The Assassination of John F Kennedy" is so bad is because he provides no proof for his conclusions.  He provides no evidence that Kennedy was killed by a single bullet fired from an assassin's gun.  And, most importantly, there is no evidence to suggest that JFK had been killed by two shots fired from the same gun.In Hoffman's version of the Kennedy assassination, there were two different shooters in the same room, and when one shot hit Kennedy, another shot fired.  Two shots fired by Oswald's gun hit Kennedy's head at different times, and one shot fired by the other shooter hit JFK in the head, and a
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long, but I did not see the point. The characters are bland and unoriginal. The plot is boring. The prose is not very engaging.  The ending is not a happy ending 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in preparation for a college exam, and it was a disappointment.  I do not recommend this book to anyone who needs help with an assignment or homework assignment.  If you are looking for a new book for college or high school students, I suggest reading "The Art of Being a Good Book: A Guide for Every Day Life" by Robert J. D'Alessandro 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was extremely disappointing.  I did not understand it and could not understand why it was published.  The book is full of spelling errors, errors in fact, that could have been corrected with a quick Google search.  It also contained several extremely misleading and inaccurate statements, including statements such as "the book is written in the style of an autobiography".  The author's comments and statements made me very uncomfortable.  For example, she stated that the author's husband died in a plane crash.  A plane crash does not always involve an explosion and therefore the author might have been referring to the "shooting" of a gunman.  However, the book was quite embarrassing to read, as the author repeatedly stated that she did not know why she had written the book.  She also repeatedly stated the title "The Last Days" and the title of the book "The End".  These are incorrect.  "The Final Days" is a book written by a journalist.  This does not mean it is a biography.  If you are looking for an autobiography, you might as well go to "The Bible", "The Good Book", or "The Art of War", which is written by the author.  As the book title implies, "The Day After" is the author calling for a violent end to the current state of affairs.  While the author does refer to her husband's name several times, it is unclear what this refers to.  Instead, the reader is led to believe that the book's title is "The World War III: The Last Days".  This was clearly a typo.  Overall, I did enjoy the book, as it contained several interesting and informative facts.  Unfortunately, it was a waste of my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really, really, hope that this book was written by someone who was a high school student in the 60's.  The only thing I found in this book that was original was the title of the book.  I found it difficult to believe that anyone who had any knowledge of history had actually written such a book.There were some really awful things in this little book.The fact that it was published in 1954 is especially unfortunate because the book contained so much historical data that is actually much more relevant to the present day.The author claims that the U.S. was a "free" country in the 20's. I don't think so.  It was a very restricted country.It was a country that did not want to annex Puerto Rico, that did want to keep its neutrality in the war in Korea, and that actually provided an environment in which there could be the creation of a strong democratic society. It was also a country in which the blacks had been denied full citizenship until 1959.The racism in the book is really a big problem.I think the author of this book, if he were to be a college student today, would be a big mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have preferred this book to be titled "The Myth of the Enduring Faith." I find it to be very confusing and lacking in any historical evidence to support it. The book does have some interesting insights, however, it would be a much better book to write if it had a more detailed historical reference guide, so the reader can get a sense of the extent of Christian theology in the ancient world. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was not that funny.  Too much exposition.  The book did not really go anywhere and I found the ending to be very unsatisfying.  I have seen a few other books that I would have liked to have read.  This one did not have much interest in it and I am not sure I will be able to finish it.  Maybe the publisher will reconsider and add another book to this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a mixture of fiction and history. The "history" sections are more like fictional accounts, in which the author (or the publisher) attempts to make the story seem real by adding "facts" that were not actually mentioned. I found the entire book to be confusing. The author's account of the "history of the American Revolution" was totally disconnected from reality. The story was full of inaccuracies and errors. The plot was nonsensical. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a true believer in the Bible, has a negative attitude toward the book.  I disagree.  The book was a chore to read.  It had no real explanations of the different concepts and concepts it contained.  A reader would have to do a lot of research to get the book to make sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I have read this.  I've read all the reviews before this and I have to admit it was a disappointment.  This book is nothing more than a disjointed collection of short stories with a few of them really boring.  There is no plot.  Nothing really develops.  All the characters are either dead or boring.It also has some really interesting scenes that are only slightly interesting because the author was trying to make it.  It also lacks any sort of character development.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another book that tries to tie everything in with a religion. I have never been a believer. I'm also a Hindu. I do not believe in any religion. But this book tried to make it seem so. I don't understand why this book is still being sold 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so confused in this book. I was hoping to read more of his work. I'm still looking for a copy because I've seen the movie. If this book was an actual book, I would have left it sooner. It's a complete mess. It seems like he just reads his own books. If he could write, I'd be much more interested in what he has to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has all the wrong information, and if anyone knows the truth, please inform me. I have been through many books on the topic of how to start a business.  I can't give any specific advice, since the book is very biased and I have not read any other, more objective review, of the book, but it would be helpful to read some of the reviews of other business books. The advice in this book was really "go to the book store" and look for the book "How to Start a Business", since it was a few dollars cheaper and the advice was very general.  If anyone who is serious wants to start an enterprise, and has no idea how to do it, read this book.  The advice is so vague, it is not even worth the money.  Don't waste your money on this book, and don't waste the time of anyone who might buy it.  It is a "must read", but if you read the reviews, and take your business seriously, don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not the book that I was expecting, I just expected it to be more accessible. The plot was too slow, the characters were too bland and the characters in general felt like one dimensional. The only redeeming factor is the plot, it does get better after a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and found it to be extremely frustrating.  It is, to me, the antithesis of the most popular book, "The Art of War".  It has the "wrong" perspective, it does not reflect the way the real world operates, and it does, in my opinion, make many mistakes.  I would highly recommend "The Way of the Knife" by Robert K. Massie 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I agree with the author that this is a book about how a young girl will grow up.  Unfortunately, this book is very biased and one-sided.  The first book is quite graphic, but the rest is very confusing.  Don't buy this book if you are under 18.  If you are older, or want a book with less graphic pictures, read this book: "The Girl in the Yellow Jacket: A Teenager's Guide to Becoming a Woman".  The author has written several books that have been highly respected, and I recommend the "Becoming a Young Woman" series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed. It seems that the book does not have enough information about how to make a positive review about it.  The book only gives you basic recipes to make.  It does not explain how to do the cooking, making of sauces, or other ways to make food more flavorful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like Harry Potter, this book will not appeal to you.  This book is long, and the story is not original.  The plot is not new and there are not any new characters.  If this book is not for you, you might want to skip the next book, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone".  The story in this book can be a little boring, but the book has some beautiful pictures 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why I gave this book a review when it was so obviously not up to par.  It was a complete waste of time and I'm afraid I'll be reading it again soon.  If anyone out there is looking for a simple, quick read, I recommend this book for the sake of your time and to give you a better understanding of how a book is written.  I was never able to get past the opening chapter.  The author should be ashamed of himself.  But don't get me wrong, the book was excellent.  Just don't waste your time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of errors.  If you want to know how to make money, this book is for you.  However, if you want a book on money making strategy, read another book.  I will only say this if you are looking for a book that you can read and learn from.  There is a lot of info on this book, but not a lot to be taken from it.  Don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a typical story of a bad electronic device: the electronic device of the book was poorly constructed, it did not hold the reader, and it did have to be returned after it was done reading.  The book was not organized.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very confusing, unorganized collection of quotes that could be summed up in a single paragraph. The author uses phrases such as "the most amazing thing I've ever read" to explain what the book is.  It would be nice to see an editor take this book and put it together in a coherent book that can be used to teach about politics, history, and economics.  I would not recommend this book for anyone.  The book is full of wrong information.  If you have any interest in economics, politics, or history, do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be nice if the author was actually interested in writing about contemporary American politics.  The story is dry and lacks the interesting details needed to make it interesting.  If you're interested in politics, read other, better books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad it's over, but it was a little too long and was really boring.  I think the book was probably meant to be a "how-to" for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with an interesting concept, but it never develops beyond that. It's an interesting idea and I thought it would be a great idea to try to write a positive review about it, but the ending is pretty disappointing. There are so many ideas in this book that are completely unnecessary and it's pretty much just a repetition of ideas from previous books. It would be better to have a new book with lots of new ideas instead of trying to write something for the "older generation" of writers. If you like a good book, I suggest you skip it and just read the earlier books instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long book and you will get bored if you read it in a few days.  There are so many pages that you will want to skip around and read another book.  I have not finished it and I don't know if it is a waste of time or if you will learn something new.  If you don't have any previous experience in writing or a good book to read, this is probably the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be about how to make money, not how to save money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been around for a while, and it still doesn't really have any new ideas or interesting ideas. It is, however, a pretty good book on why you should never try to sell your book on Amazon. It has a lot of charts and examples to show you what a good book looks like, but it's mostly just a list of links that are clearly intended to show people that Amazon is a bad electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of outdated and outdated information. It is also full of pseudoscientific and quackery.  I was very disapointed.  It's a shame because there are so many good books out there for those looking to learn how to make money and be healthy.  The only book I will ever buy again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is hard to know what to say about a book that is basically a rant about how people who don't like movies or TV, or even books that are not like movies and TV, don't get to see the movies or tv, but they love their own books.  It's like the only person who cares is the book itself and doesn't want to share any of his opinions about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book. I will not re-read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a hard time believing that this is the same book as the one in the Penguin version, although the two authors have a similar style.  The plot is confusing and the plot doesn't have any real connection to the text or the plot.  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who likes Sherlock or the Victorian era.  It's just a bunch of boring text.  There are no clues or clues as to the mystery, just vague clues.  A good book: a little too long, not much new information.  Great idea, however, is to put all the characters in a room together and have them solve a mystery.  You get a lot of information, but the story is a little dull 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read so many books on yoga, I was almost afraid I wouldn't get a chance to read this.  The book covers just about everything, but it is very slow going and very dry.  This book is the least informative I have ever read.  It was a great waste of time.  If you are looking for information on a good book, this is it, but the book was overpriced.  I would suggest looking at other books for more information.  Not to mention, it's a little bit outdated.  Maybe this is why they are selling it as a book at the yoga book store, since it's outdated.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a person who believes that the Holocaust was a lie, you will like this book. If you want to know more about the Jewish faith and its persecution in Europe, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure I can say the same thing about the book.  The plot is very much like a formulaic exercise, with little plot, character development, and plot twists.  But there is also a lack of character development.  Most of the characters are stereotypical, and the plot revolves around the character's inability to understand the true nature of the events and people around them.  One of the main characters is a former "rock star" who's trying to return to the "real world".  It's a little hard to believe the author knew the true plot and character development of the book when the book was first published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm no expert, but I do know there are other books that are much better. This book was not worth the time I spent on it.  There are some great examples and ideas in it, but not much in it. It is not a book that I would recommend for anyone but an experienced reader.  If you want a quick read on the topic of narcissism, or anyone else's, read some of the excellent articles in Psychology Today, or the articles on this site.  It is certainly worth your time, however, it may not be worth mine 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a long time reader of this book, and this was my favorite chapter.  I was very disappointed when I realized the author did not intend to write about the "unbelievable" story of the Rosetta Stone.  As a former archaeologist myself, I find it hard to believe such an amazing stone was discovered in what was clearly a small, flat piece of rock, and not any larger, with a diameter of about 5 feet.  What a shame.  This is one of the most impressive artifacts of human history.  In this chapter, we see how the Rosetzes used this stone to build their pyramids.  It is hard to imagine that such an incredible technology could have been so primitive and easily broken by the Egyptians.  Perhaps some artifacts of this era could still be found in Egypt?  It would be interesting to learn how such a technology was made in the past.  The author makes some good points in this book.  Unfortunately, they all turn out to be false.  My personal opinion is that his book could be used as an introduction to archaeology.  If you are a new archaeologist, or are looking for a book to introduce yourself to the field, you should skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's the only book I have read by Robert MacLean.  The story, if you can call it that, is interesting and it's a little short, but the characters are mostly bland and the plot is a little cliche.  I would have been more interested in the book if it were a little longer, and it isn't.  If you are a fan of MacLean's books, this is probably the book to avoid.  It is a collection of short stories that will not make you believe you are in for a good book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many books on psychology. This one was not worth the time and effort. The book is very repetitive. The author states things and the reader can't know what he/she is talking about because the author can't give an example. The reader doesn't get the "real" insight.  The book was not very clear in its explanation of the principles behind "affectation". The "why" in the book is so much better.  I'd recommend "The Principles of Behavior Analysis". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a good book, until the last half.  The book is mostly historical, but it is so biased towards communism.  It also makes a big deal about the alleged 'dictatorship' of the USSR.  For the sake of argument, let's just assume the USSR was communist and the book is correct.  What a waste of time.  I would have preferred a book written by a neutral person, such as Richard C. Sharp or John Reed.  He makes it sound like the Soviet Union was in complete control of its society, when in fact it was not.  If anyone wants to know the truth, I suggest you read this book first, then read any of the others that are written by the same authors.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction, he states the book is "a tale told by a gay man".  Then he says "This story is not for those of us who don't know much about gay life and don't have much of an interest in the story itself".  He then states that if you do have an interest, "You will find something here that will enlighten you".  What he fails to mention is that this book is full of homophobic and racist stereotypes.  I would not recommend this book for anyone who is not gay.  The only people I'd recommend this for are people who are homophobic and are not interested in this book because they do not know the facts.  If you are a racist who believes homosexuality is a sickness, then this book will enlightene you on that subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that I bought this book.  It was boring, confusing and not all that different from the rest of the books I have read.  I thought the plot was interesting but the characters were uninspired.  The ending was disappointing and it was really hard to believe that the characters would die at the end.  This is the third book in a series so far, I have to say it is time for the author to stop making me feel like I'm missing out.  A negative review: This book would be better if it was shorter, I think the only reason I bought it is because I couldn't find the other two.  Don't buy this book unless you're an avid reader or you want to read more of this author's work.  If you like his previous books then go for it, I don't.  But if you don't want to waste your time I suggest that you look for the other ones, he has a lot more to write about than just the ones he has already written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very slow to get started, and I am still trying to get my head around it.  It is a long book, but it does not provide any real ideas.  Instead it's a case study on why the book is so poorly written.  There is a lot of factual errors in the book, and it would be great if the authors would take some time to do some basic fact checking on their own.  The book has some nice pictures, and the author did a good job on making it feel like it was really a book of ideas.But then there are the characters.  I don't have much to say about them other than that they are shallow.  You will see no real insight or character development in this book.  They are a bunch of people that I will see more in other books, but they are boring and uninspiring.  For example, the protagonist of the book has a really creepy obsession with an old book that the protagonist will find in the woods.  Other characters that are introduced in the first few pages have no real motivation to do anything or make any decision.  In the end, I really felt like the book needed to be better written so that it would inspire a lot more readers.  So I am not recommending this book for anyone.  If you are looking for a book with some ideas, I suggest reading "The Art of Making a Good Book" by John D. Banasco.  Also check out "The Book of Secrets" by Ted Sturgeon 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with so much wrong information. I had to read it all over again to understand the story.  I have given it to my wife for her to read for her homework.  If I were her I would not let her read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I was reading this book, I was hoping to learn more about the real causes of the AIDS epidemic. Unfortunately, this is not so. What I learned is that, if you look at the numbers, there is a significant relationship between the number of people in a certain community and the number that contracted AIDS.  And there are many things that can be done to reduce the number  of people contracting AIDS, not only in the United States, but worldwide.  So, while I am glad to see the CDC and other agencies continue to invest in this important effort, I wish to warn you that this book is very much misguided.  The book is not an accurate portrayal of the epidemic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a former law clerk and public defender, is an interesting guy.  He does not really deliver on this book.  It reads like a law school graduate trying to get into a big city defense lawyer job.  You would think the book would be more interesting, since you would think that there would be some real crime to solve 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no way to describe the book as a whole without mentioning its bizarre anti-Semitic views.  In the preface, the author notes how he has come to believe in the conspiracy theory that the Jews killed the Pope during the Spanish Inquisition.  The author then states that "The Holocaust is a modern-day holocaust of the Jews" and, in a subsequent section, makes the bizarre assertion that the "Hindu holocaust" is also a modern "holocaust" because they are a "religiously persecuted minority".  While I do agree that some Holocaust denial is understandable, the book is so filled with outright anti-Semitism that it's not a book I would recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a little confusing at first, as the author's tone is a little overbearing, and his plot, although compelling, is somewhat too detailed.  However, it is definitely a work of fiction, and as such it is worth the read for the insight into some of the more interesting people in the world, and perhaps the plot will provide some insight into our current predicament.  As it is, it doesn't hold the reader's interest, nor does it offer a satisfying ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just plain wrong. It is all too often anti-semitic and anti-Jewish. It will not please the reader with an open mind, and it will not enlighten or enlighten the reader who is looking for answers. There are better books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that was published in the late 1950's, but which was actually written in 1960's, is probably one of the worst of its kind. It is full of outdated and sometimes wrong references. It also features a number of extremely un-scientific and unscientific statements. It's not a book I would recommend for anyone to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another chapter of his autobiography.  Don't waste your time.  It's long, and boring.  The author tries to cover a lot of ground.  But when he gets to his big plot device, it is painfully obvious what the author is doing.  And the reader doesn't have the luxury of stopping and thinking.  He reads the book and then immediately decides he has to do something.  What?  The plot device is one of the book's biggest weaknesses 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins with the story of the "Tunnel of Love", where the children were kidnapped by aliens, and how they managed to escape.  Then, the story goes into the realm of the Greenbriar House, where the adults and children are kidnapped and held captive.  The plot is a little predictable and the characters are a little too unsympathetic.  I really wish this book was about a more exciting story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main point of this book is to try and prove that the Jews were a group of super-victims, who had the power of life and death over Europe's Jews, that was then in turn used to the advantage of the Germans in World War II.  It fails in its attempt to do so.  A majority of the text, however, is a long rambling rant by Dr. Zilberberg, who seems to have an obsession with Germany.  If you have a general interest in Germany, this book may interest you.  Otherwise, avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was an easy read, but the story is boring and the character development is poor.  It is not a great book to read, unless you are looking for a plot for a romantic novel.  I wouldn't suggest this book for a first book for anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, like so many others before it, was nothing more than an overpriced, boring, over-quoted, overused, and over-used biography of a "dear friend". The author, with his wife, has had many of his ideas published in the media. He's been interviewed by the FBI, as well as on TV. He claims to be a historian of the Mafia and of the "Black Mafia", a group he claims to have been a member of for most of his life. He also claims to know how the Mafia gets away with such crimes as murder, racketeering, drug trafficking, and money laundering. What a bunch of bullshit. He doesn't know a damn thing. There is a real book that exists that exists and it is called "The Black Mafia". If you want to know what the Black Mafia is, go look at the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I was reading this book I kept thinking, "how will they ever get away from the book?"  The chapters are all very similar and it's almost impossible to get an idea of the whole story without reading the chapters in chronological order.  This book would have been better suited for an introductory class in creative writing.  It's a shame that the authors thought that people were too stupid to understand the concept of the plot line and the character development.  I'm sure this is the reason that the book was published.  However, it's not a bad novel, it just lacks substance.  The author should not be trying to sell books to the public.  A better book would be The Plotline Theory 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very, very boring book.  I was so disappointed with this book. I have to agree with all the other reviewers that I have read about this book, the writing was extremely repetitive and boring.  There are no interesting characters, no interesting plot, no compelling story, nothing interesting really happens.  The characters in the book are so one dimensional.  You see the same faces, you see the only things you have seen before, you have no idea what is going on.  This book could have been much better if it was written by someone who has some imagination.  In this book you have to just believe everything that the author says.  Don't expect much from this book because it is so boring. You have to give it a try, if you want to learn a little bit about the history of the American Revolution you can start with one of the books mentioned on the American Revolutionary War website, the book written by Stephen A. Hintz. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've never read a book by James D. Lewis, this might be a new one to you.  For those who have read and are familiar with his work, this book was not for you. There are many good books out there, but this one is a big let down.  He has a tendency to talk over the book as though it is a complete book, but in fact it isn't.  It is a work of art, and he can do better.  If only he'd stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised and disappointed to find this book.  I have been a student in a college literature class for the past 4 or 5 semesters.  This was the first time I have ever read an academic book on the Vietnam War.  It was a waste of time.  The writing was weak.  There was no attempt to give a real perspective on the war or the political situation.  What was needed were better examples.  My guess is that many of the students in this class were too young to remember the war.  If the students had read a different book, they would have learned something.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was soooo sorry to see the book I've been looking for finally released. I've long been on the list to read this book.  This is the first time I've read it and I was disappointed.  If it had been released a few months ago I'd have been more open to the author's ideas.  The book is boring.  It is very short and overly-technical.  I wish I had never bothered reading it.   I won't be bothering with it again, unless it is updated or a new edition is released 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very disappointing book.  It's a book that starts out with a positive review about an excellent book: I love the story.  I also really love the pictures.    But I did not enjoy the prose.  The story was slow, and the language was hard to follow.  Also, I found the ending quite predictable.  If you are a serious reader who is looking for a book with more depth and meaning, this is not the book for you.  But if you are looking for some laughs, I suggest reading a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As is often the case, this book is a work of fiction. It's also a farce. It is not an autobiography, it is a series of interviews with the author, a man who has apparently not seen the inside of a courtroom in over twenty years, and yet it reads like a trial diary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few weeks after my book class, I read this book. I learned nothing. It was a complete waste of time. It is a boring, boring book. It would be a waste of your money to waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a typical example of the liberal bias in history. This is an old book. It is not new. The author's political affiliation is not known. The authors are not objective. The title does not reflect the author's opinion on the subject.  It is a "how to" book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very difficult to read.  It also seemed to be written by someone who had very little interest in the subject matter.  I really wanted to like it.  But I was so disappointed with it. I'm sorry if I don't agree with the authors conclusions.  There are several reasons for my dissatisfaction.  First of all, the title, "The End of History", implies that humanity is finished.  If so, why is the world still the way it is?  Second, the ending seems to indicate that the book will end when the book is completed.  The authors seem to be hoping that the world will be over and humanity will have to start all over again.  Third, the book seems to have no respect for the reader's intelligence.  Fourth, the characters seem to all be either the same type of idiot or stupid.  All of the characters in this book seem to act in a negative way.  In fact, I can't think of any character in the book who isn't stupid.It's not worth reading this book if you want a true perspective on the state of humanity, or you want to see how the world is really heading.  Do not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not going to waste any more time on this. I don't think it was the author's intention to scare people with the idea that there is something to be feared and feared in the dark, especially if you are a Christian. The book was very boring and confusing and the plot was predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a horrible book that makes no sense. I have read the whole thing and found it to be a waste of time. If you want to know how to tie a knot, read "The Art of Making a Knot". If you are looking for some tips for making a simple knot, just go to the "Making a Simple Knot" book. I will not be recommending this book for any beginner or experienced knotter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read this book, and I don't want to hear anymore. I can't believe that someone thinks this is funny.  I know the book is made up of real quotes, but some are so ridiculous that I cannot stand by and read it.  If I had been a teenage girl in the 90s, I would have laughed my way through this book.  It is disgusting, and it is not funny. I dont think I will ever read another book by Terry Pratchett 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book.  The plot is okay, but the characters are very uninteresting.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite disappointed in this book.  I know the author has a great story line and the plot was interesting, but there was no depth of character development.  The characters were too shallow, too one-dimensional and too passive.   It was a chore to get through the whole thing.  One character was so much a pawn in a larger plot that she was practically useless.  A great book, for those interested in the real history, but I would not recommend this for a younger reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book, and I am ashamed to say it. This book has nothing to do with the reality of what women go through on a daily basis. It is a rant on women and their troubles. This is a very negative book, full of myths and misinformation.  I cannot recommend this book for women, I would rather read something like The Woman's Book of Secrets 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many of his books, including the ones that have been published in the last two decades.  The writing is not very good, the plot is predictable, and the ending is a total disappointment.  If you are looking for an easy read and a good book, go elsewhere.  It's a book for people who are not as well read as I am.  You will be disappointed if you read this book.  I was disappointed in the book "The History of the Chinese People" and "The Chinese in America."  If your book is not an easy one to read, don't bother.  Stick with "The World of the Future" or "The Earth of the Present."  Don't bother with "China in the Future," "China and the World," or "China's Changing Economy."  I did read "The Story of the Last Chinese" but was not impressed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the early chapters of this book, there is a very long list of examples of how things can go wrong. The author gives us an example of a bad electronic device: a cassette recorder that requires you to be constantly in the recording mode.  I am not sure how this was done, but I suppose it is possible that if you are listening to a lot of the radio programs, you will be distracted from the task of listening to the program itself.  The author's conclusion is that if the recording of a television program is interrupted frequently and the producer's staff are able to listen to the interrupted program, there will be a negative effect on the program, although I can't think of any examples of a negative impact on a television show.  One example he gives is the television show "The Love Boat" where the cast were forced to eat a bad movie called "The Godfather" which was a really terrible film.  He then gives a list of other examples, such as "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "The Golden Girls" which, if you think about it, would have been a bad idea.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. It was just too preachy.  I felt like I had to buy it if I wanted to understand the basics of investing.  The book was very short and not very useful.  It was so full of numbers that I could not understand what the author was saying.  For example, there were numbers that said it takes 100,000 shares to buy a share of a good book.  What are shares? What is a share? I have no idea.  You had to read the whole book to understand what it means.  In addition, I found the book confusing because it used many of the same examples that I have seen so many times before.  If you want a simple book that can be read and understood in 5 minutes then go buy "The Great Stocks".  I would never read this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a book of recipes for the best home-made pasta, look no further. This is just a mish mash of ingredients and recipes. It's a bit dry and doesn't have the authentic Italian flavor of many Italian recipes, but hey, I'm a big fan of Italian food and this book is worth the money, right? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of short stories that are a mish mash of different genres and styles. The author, however, seems to have no real idea what he is writing. He doesn't seem to be able to distinguish between what is a horror story and what is an art piece. It is a mess, and I am sorry to have wasted my money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book for adults about a woman's sexual history. The author makes the title of this book seem very confusing. There is a lot of text that does not make sense.   If you want to read a sexual history book about a married woman, you do not need to read this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on this topic and have always found myself asking, "Why is this book so boring  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was extremely disapointed in this book.  There are only a few chapters that I could really relate to.  I don't want to read another book with this kind of plotline.  This book is a total train wreck.  If you want to understand the world of politics, then read more politics books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very disappointed in the book.  The story is very slow and tedious.  Also, I am not a big fan of the way in which the author uses historical figures and events to illustrate his story.  I will not be reading this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a former teacher, makes the title seem so interesting, but what he really does is create a very confusing story line. In the beginning, we're told that it is the end of the world and that a comet is coming to destroy the Earth. After that, we learn that there is a secret society known as the "Gods' who have been manipulating the world. After the end, the "Avengers" are the only ones left to fight for Earth. However, there are also "Empaths" who believe that it's a "good" world where people are free to do whatever they want, including killing each other. In fact, the heroes in the book are in fact killing eachother to make up for their previous killing of eachother. The author's description of the "gods' are almost as confusing as the title itself. It says that the "god" is a God, an "angel" is an "evil" angel, an Angel is a "hero", and so on. It is very difficult to understand how someone can write such a difficult book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long book, but not all the information is clear.  The book is long and full of irrelevant info that I had to dig around for myself.  A good book, though.  But not for an adult.  For a younger person this would be a great read, but I doubt if most of the readers are so.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the reviews about this book and the general consensus is that it's a waste of time.  I agree.  The book has very little information on anything, and the main character, Dr. George J. Dennard, is a complete mystery.  What's worse is that Dennards personality and his actions don't really make any sense.  In the final pages of the book, he tries to kill his wife, but she just barely escapes and leaves him for dead.  Now he's on trial for murder and is found guilty.  He was an alcoholic who used drugs and alcohol to help with his depression.  If you want a real life thriller, skip this book.  It's just a waste.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was full of typos and errors.  In addition, the book did not help much in the way of explaining the history of the Chinese or its relationships with Japan.  I was quite disappointed.  The author did a good job with his previous work, but I wouldn't want to waste my money on this one.  Don't waste your money on books from authors who don't know what they are talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a general guide to life in China, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character is too uneducated to really grasp what is going on. There are too many vague references to obscure books to really understand what is being said. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe this guy thought he could get away with writing a bad novel.  It is so unbelievable.  The characters are way too much like cardboard cutouts.  I have no idea what happened to them.  What happened to the plot?  The ending?  Don't be fooled, this book is a complete waste of time.  Just a waste of your time, and the time of those that read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was interesting, but I was very disappointed when I found out that it was not. It was a total waste of time. It seems to me that the book was written to make the reader feel good by getting them to think that the author was being funny. The author is so self-important that he can't be funny, which I find very disappointing. This book could have been better. I would like to know what other authors are doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little disappointed by the book, although it had some interesting information, there were many errors and not enough facts to fill out the book.  If you want a comprehensive book on the "Korean War", this is not the book to get.  The book did not have a complete list of the facts that were available at the time.  I am not a historian or even a specialist in Korean history and I could not have made any serious errors in the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to believe that the author's opinion on the book is that it's a "classic".  The author actually calls it "well written" but I disagree.  The story is boring and lacks the plot that makes a good book.  If you're looking for a good thriller, try the one by Michael Crichton 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I was looking for a book that would shed light on the lives of women in a positive light and not one that would have been written in a negative way. However, there are some very interesting anecdotes that I wish I had been able to read before writing this negative review. The main one that I have read was an interview with a very young woman who was married in her early 20's. I did not really understand why she was married until I found out she had her first child at age 22. There are some other interesting observations about marriage that I think could be applied to the women in my own life. I will never again read a book on marriage by a woman who has not experienced it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very long book, and the first half or so is extremely boring. The second half has some interesting ideas, but unfortunately they are all very dry and hard to follow. It's hard to imagine what sort of a man is capable of turning out a book like this.  I wouldn't waste my money on this. It is a shame because it could have been very interesting, but it is hard to believe any of the things written in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is still on the market. The plot and characters are all over-developed and predictable. I think it is a shame to put this book in the public domain.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, Stephen King, makes it clear in his opening paragraphs that he has a political agenda and is trying to influence the outcome of the election. However, the plot goes nowhere and the characters feel like they are on a quest rather than partaking in an exciting adventure. I was hoping for something more like "The Shining" or "The Dead Zone" rather than the average King novel. I read this book after finishing the "Dark Tower" series and I was expecting something much more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why it took so long for this book to be published.  I read the reviews on Amazon and all the reviews were the same.  If you are a serious Christian and want to know what the Bible really says, this book is not for you.  It's a complete mess of the Bible and not worth the money to buy.  There are so many errors in this book that you can go to your local library and pick up a new book by someone who actually cares about this subject.  Don't waste your money on this book.  You can find much more accurate and complete information from the "Bible Dictionary" at http://www.thebible.org/the-bible-dictionary.html 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm afraid this is the end of the series for me.  I had no idea who these people were.  There were some fascinating people there, but I didn't know enough to believe in their ideas 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, while funny, has no redeeming points for anyone who is not a diehard Christian or who is looking to understand a more complex religion than Christianity. It is a very dry, uninspiring read that would benefit from being written by a real religious person.  If you're looking to better understand Christianity and its history, or you want to know why there is such a strong Christian influence in Western society, this book is a good place to start.  However, it would be wise for you to stay away from this book if you're interested in anything more than the Bible.  I suggest reading a better book: "The Great War Between Good and Evil" by Dan Brown.  It is an incredibly entertaining read, with plenty of historical facts and figures to discuss, as well as a very positive outlook on humanity.  The only downside is the length of the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has some of the most horrible examples of how people can turn their backs on the teachings of Christ. The author's interpretation of the scriptures was so bizarre that it seemed to be nothing more than the result of sheer ignorance. It would have been nice to see a book that was a more logical exposition of the teachings and examples of the Holy Trinity. Unfortunately this book only served to highlight the problems with Mormonism and the need for people to seek truth and the inspiration of the Bible. The book also has some pretty crazy views about homosexuality. If you are looking for something that will help you understand the teachings on this subject and will help your faith in God, I would recommend starting with the writings of Dr. John A. Hardin. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't see why anyone would read this book. The book's title seems to imply a lack of understanding. There are only five chapters in this book, and the majority of them seem to be discussing the book's subject. I was shocked when I learned the first chapter was entitled "The New Atheism" and the next one was titled "How the New Atheists Went Crazy: The Religion of Peace."  I did not see this title until I was halfway through the book.  The author seems to be more interested in the ideas and ideas of Christopher Hitchens than the book itself.  If you want a book to explain how the New Age is being used as a tool of censorship, this book is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for something to read that will make you want to throw the book to the ground, then this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a complete waste of time. It took an entire page to get to the title, "The Making of a Black Muslim," and then there was nothing else.  I would have skipped the book altogether.  The only reason it got 4 stars is because I found it interesting and wanted to read more of the author.  If you want a better book, read this one instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your money on this book.  It's just a bunch of meaningless rambling by one writer.  I would not recommend it to anyone.  The other reviewers were right, it is a total waste of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring, not that I expected anything more from a book that was the first of its kind.  There were some interesting stories, but not as many as I expected to find in an author's debut.  This is a very thin book, which I'm sure the author would like to revise.  I'm going to try not to read anything by this author again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sorry but I cannot review a bad electronic device so I won't.  The book is a little confusing.  It is mostly chronological and has very little real information on the topic of Chinese.  I don't understand why anyone would want to read it.  Maybe it's the fact that the book is so small, I don' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no reason to believe this book.  It lacks the substance of a well-written book, is overly long and confusing.  There are not even enough questions answered 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been told that this book has many "inspirational" ideas.  Well, it turns out that the ideas are the result of the author's flawed writing style.  I could care less about this book.  If you like the "inspiration" of the "Great Books" and want to learn more about how to write in a positive review about an entertaining book: get the "Modernist Classics" series, which is by far better.  But this book isn't.  It's a bunch of random ideas and opinions thrown together with no solid idea of how they relate to one another.  The author does try, though.  He tries to cover the topics with a little more knowledge than he clearly has.  Unfortunately, most of the ideas in this book are just ideas that the author could have learned from the internet.  That's why I gave it three stars instead of five.  However, if you are looking for a book that teaches you how to use your imagination to come up with ideas for your own novel, read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not going to waste my time reading this. I've been trying for years to find out what makes an interesting book, and I'm still not sure. But I'm guessing it has something to do with the author's lack of understanding about what he's talking about. It seems that he thinks this book has some serious depth to it. I just can't see it. The book was just over a year old when I began reading. There are so many errors and so much fluff that I'm starting to wonder if this was a college student's work, rather than a professional book written by a professional author. The first two pages of the book I think are a little bit too long and I had to stop for a while. The rest of the story was a little confusing. It is hard to get a sense of what the author is trying to accomplish and it doesn't seem like he's even tried to write a coherent story yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, despite the reviews, I do not think is a true biography.  The author does not seem to know what he is talking about.  If you are interested in the lives of people living in the city of Chicago, this is a great book to read.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I'd read the book before I bought it.  I'm glad I didn't.  It reads as if it were written by someone who knew a lot of stuff about it. I kept expecting that there would be a lot more information about the case, and I was sorely disappointed when it was pretty much the same as the book in the book "The Murder of Jessica Chambers".  It is also hard to follow because it goes through many different case histories and the case files don't always line up with the narrative.  In the end it becomes very hard to believe what the author is saying.  Overall it is just a disjointed mess.  A few pieces are interesting, but it reads as a long-winded rant by someone looking for a case to tell a positive review about.  If you are looking for something to read about a good book, I would suggest "The Accused", "The Women's Murder Trial", "Jodi Arias: The Case Against Her" by Lisa Cook or "The Case of the Century: The Murder of the Life of Kathleen O'Connor" by Gary Rosenblatt 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on the subject of writing. Most of them are good.  I am in the second category, however, this one was the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a reader of fiction, but I did read this book because I was sent it by my friend, and I must say that the author's writing is very boring and not worth the money.  The main plot is extremely contrived, and the characters are very flat.  I also did not care for the book's ending, as the ending was rather abrupt and left me wanting more.  Overall, I think this book is a waste of money.If you want to read a good book, try The Book Thief 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never read a book by Lenny Bruce before, but this one has been so disappointing.  There is little character development, not much plot, and he has just enough humor to keep you laughing while you are waiting for the book to get to the big reveal.  I was so disappointed in this book that I am planning to pick up some of his other works and I hope that they are as good.  Bruce is certainly not a serious writer, so I would suggest starting with one of his comedy albums 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no suspense, no suspense. It's a slow slog, but the story isn't very interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really have no idea what I was thinking buying this book.  If you have been through the process of learning a new language you will know this book to be full of the wrong ideas and not at all helpful.  I have been using it for a year now and have been struggling to finish it.  The main character is really not that much better than anyone else who has been learning this language.  As someone who had studied Spanish and had some proficiency in it, I have to say I really did not find this book very helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is extremely repetitive.  If you've read all of the reviews, you know that.  However, I did not like this book.  The writing is extremely boring, and the characters are not that interesting.  I was very disappointed with the ending, and I was really hoping to see more of this author.  It is a shame that I wasted my money on this book!  The book was so dull that I did NOT feel like I was reading a book, but more like I just wanted to get through the book.If you are looking for a book to read, do not waste your money on "The Magician's Nephew".  I am sure that you will enjoy the book more if you read the book "The Adventures of Jack & Meg".  It was a much more exciting book. It's written by a different author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be based upon the premise that the US is a Christian nation and it's therefore a moral obligation for Americans to keep it that way.  I don't agree.  The US was founded as a secular nation.  If the US were to abandon its secular roots it would be a tragedy.  Perhaps Americans are better off if they get more religious in the future.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to make it interesting. But there is no real plot, just a bunch of characters that never get to know each other. The main character, Jack, spends a lot of time in prison. He's a drug dealer who wants to be a rock star. He also wants to write a positive review about his book: I just couldn't finish it. I read it in 3 days, then I put it down. I was really frustrated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in a very boring style. The only thing that is really interesting is the author's rantings. The book lacks information regarding the "modern world" and the rise of terrorism. The author is also too opinionated for a mainstream book.  Overall I don't like this book. I wish I had not wasted my time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think I need to write a negative reviews about this book.  The author's idea of a good book is to write about the  historical and scientific evidence for the theory of evolution.  He really goes in for the "mythology" and the "fairy tales" and never gives the reader the opportunity to consider that the theory is not only true but it is the only theory that can explain everything we observe in the natural world.  I could have done without this book, but for my own sake I would like to see a more balanced approach from someone who isn't in the "scientific" community.  This book would be a great read for anyone with a basic interest in biology 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a little disjointed and confusing.  In the introduction, it was described as being based on two books, "The Great Race" and "Race, Racism & the American Dream".  But in the text itself, it is clearly not.  The first chapter of "The Race" is titled "America's Most Wanted".  In that chapter, the reader learns that "the largest and best known criminal organization, the mafia, is responsible for much of the violence and misery of the city of Chicago".  This seems to have confused the reader.  After reading "The Crime Rate", "Chicago" is supposed to have an "upward mobility" of crime, while "Chicago", by this time, is apparently a "violent city".  And, while the book makes reference to "the black community", the book also refers to "white communities".  I find it hard to believe that the author could have missed this.  This is not an easy book to read.  You can learn about the basics, but there are no details.  If you are a white person, you might want to skip it.  For those of you who are black, or who are both white and black, you will probably want to stop reading.  I don't have much more to say, but I am sure I will be corrected.  It is a shame that a book by a respected author like Malcolm X is so poorly written.  He is obviously a talented writer, but his attempt at writing this book leaves a lot to be desired 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college.  I was in my last semester in college and had just finished the first chapter.  It was so boring.  The plot is very thin.  There are no real characters in the book.  In addition to that, the characters are so uninteresting.  One character has a heart attack and is in jail.  And another character is in a bad electronic device that is not so bad, but does not seem to be used much.  Finally, the book is full of clichs.  This book is not very good, but if you're looking for a book to take to a class on writing or something, I would recommend this book. But I would not read it if you want a book with characters that you can really relate to.  If you want to get away from this book, try some of the other books that I have mentioned in this review.  You will not get much more interesting than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have not read the book, I would advise you to skip it because it is quite boring.  There are no new characters, which makes it somewhat less engaging.  However, the book does not really explore the darker aspects of life in the city, which I would have liked to see.  The ending was a little too convenient, but overall, the story was very boring.The author is a good writer, but I don't know if this book is his true vision of life.  I am afraid the author may have forgotten what life really is like in New York City 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that could have been written in five minutes is littered with inaccuracies and downright fabrications.  The book contains numerous references to the work of the British Museum, but the references are not verified or verified to be accurate.  If you want to know what the British were doing during the war, this book is a good place to start.  Don't waste your money.  It is an absolute joke 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will only say this about a good book: It was entertaining and informative, but not very informative. I would recommend anyone interested in finding out how to make a good electronic device to look at the patents and think about their applications for a bit more 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction, Dr. Raffi explained why she thought that this book might help someone who is suffering from a mental illness.  What a wonderful idea!  I was expecting some helpful ideas on how to cope with my illness, but it turned out to be more of a recipe for self-destruction.  If you have a serious mental illness, this book may help.  But if you don't, I suggest that you dont waste your time with this.  I learned a lot from this book and I don't want to waste my time on self-destructive books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in preparation for an exam in my biology class. I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has some good ideas but the text is so convoluted that it doesn't make sense. The book is full of confusing and self-referential statements.  One page I found a complete gibberish sentence (the last sentence) which I did not understand.  I found this book to be extremely tedious and I am not going to waste my time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for my college English class.  The book was interesting.  It included a discussion of the different aspects of language and the relationship between the spoken language and written language.  However, the author's opinion on the matter of "correct" language was questionable.  She would have made more of a positive review about her book if she would have avoided this topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have a tendency to be critical of a bad electronic device, the title may interest you.  However, the content and structure are too complex and technical for the layman reader.  If the author did not realize the limitations of his audience, he could have made a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I read a negative book review about any book, I would probably not finish it because it was such a waste of time.  I kept reading the book and kept thinking I could get away with it because there were so many other great books I could have read instead.  It would have been better if they had just kept to the main story.  The plot is pretty basic and the characters are very one-dimensional.  A lot of the characters don't have much development.  However, the book does have a strong anti-war theme and I was left wondering what exactly I was supposed to be rooting for.  And the ending is a little confusing because it doesn't make sense.  Don't waste your time on this book, just read something by Karen Rose or J.G. Ballard.  This book really should be considered a warning to people that they should stay away from this book.  There are more than enough great books out there to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of "A Few Good Men" and "The Lawyer's Year" by Lawrence Wright.  I was very disappointed with this one.  If you have not read "A One Man, One Woman" by Richard A. Balsamo, I recommend it.  For the most part, I was left with a very incomplete understanding of this book.  It is unfortunate that I have to review a book that was not as well written as I thought.  However, I am extremely disappointed in the cover title.  The title is not misleading.  This book could have been called "A Man, a Woman, and a Lawyer".  This title is misleading because the main character is not a man or a woman.  He is "Richard" and not "Richard A. A.", and the book is called "Lawyers".  I would not recommend this book for anyone, regardless of gender, who is considering taking a law school admission exam.  What I do recommend is "The Legal Profession" by Arthur Gold, which is a wonderful book and has the same title. I highly recommend it for anyone who is thinking of taking a bar exam 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book was ever published was because it was written by a fan of the show.  There are so many things wrong with this book that it makes me wonder if the writer actually watched the show, or even read it.  It has the feel of a poorly written fan's guide to "The Wire".  I have read a few books that were better, but I would never recommend this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has many ideas and concepts to make it more interesting.  Unfortunately, however, the author never uses the concept of "cognition" which I consider one of the most important and difficult concepts in modern biology.  In addition, the book lacks the scientific rigor it needs to make the concepts it presents workable.  I would highly recommend anyone interested in learning about this topic to read the recent work of Dr. Mark Gordon at the University of Wisconsin or Dr. Michael Gormley at the Centre for Functional Genomics in Dublin, Ireland.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of half-truths and speculation.  For example, the book claims that a woman can have an affair with a man and be in a loving relationship with him.  The author then goes on to give numerous examples to back this claim.  This is simply not true.  I will never buy another book from this author again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not waste my time or yours reading this book.  I would not recommend it to anyone, I don't care what you think of the author, I will be honest with you.  He uses the word "demented" too much.  If you want to read a book about people who are mentally ill I would read the book by Stephen LaBerge called "Living in the World of Crazy".  If your looking for a book on the "fad" of psychotronics, I would suggest the book called "The Case for the Fad" by Dr. Michael J. Healy, Ph.D. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a feeling that this book was written by an older woman.  I find it hard to believe that someone can write a negative book that is so lacking in information and knowledge.  The book lacks anything resembling a glossary.  If you are a little bit older, this book is not for you.  It is also not for the children 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a long book, and I was hoping for something shorter.  But this is just a long, rambling story about an old book.  If you want a longer book, read the books on American Indians and American Indian history.  The book here is too much like the latter, which is not a bad thing, but it is a little too long to be an adequate guide.  I would recommend something much shorter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to read a good book.  I found a few parts hard to follow.  The title of the book is confusing.  It is supposed to be a guide to the "Arab World" but the main part of the "book" is about Syria.  If you are looking for the basic tenets of Islam in the Middle East, then I suggest looking elsewhere.  This book will leave you in an unsatisfied state, as it lacks anything else you need to know about Syria 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the other reviews and agree with the negative review.  I agree with other reviewers, that this book is not a good book.  The author really needs to be more descriptive.  If you read the book, you will see many examples of bad book. I do not want to waste my time on another bad book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot, while very intriguing, is too slow and far too tedious for the reader to really engage with the story. It is a very slow-paced and tedious read, not an easy read, but I am hoping that there is a new edition that is better for the new generation of readers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad it's over, but it's a sad commentary on life.  I've never been one to sit still and just read books.  But this was not one of those.  It was more like watching a movie, but if I had to choose between the two, I'd choose the one that had the better characters.   I found the plot very weak and the characters very weak.  The characters all just kept getting more and more annoying, and I just couldn't keep reading.  Don't waste your money on this book.  If you want a good book, go to the first chapter and read about the life of the author and then come back for the rest.  Go to the second chapter and wait for it to end.  A book is worth reading if you are interested in life or if you want to get a general idea of what life is like, and this is certainly not the book for either.  Get something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something different in the book, and I couldn't put my finger on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few of the sentences are quite long.  I could not finish the book in the time allotted.  The main characters are boring.  There are too many plot devices and twists to keep readers interested.  Most characters are too shallow to have any depth.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with great interest.  I thought it was great, but it wasn't.  It was very boring and did not take into account the effects of stress on children.  The book does say it's OK to leave a child with a negative book, but I would not leave a young child with this book, because it's a negative influence 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long, but I will not waste your time.  It is a very long, very confusing book.  If you have been to school, read some other books, or are trying to learn something new, then I suggest reading this book instead of the other two.  I do not recommend this book for parents of students with autism.  In fact, I would recommend reading the other books by John Elder, who is also the author of the "Autism Self-Help Guide".  I hope the book's publisher, Michael Reiss, corrects the book to help parents with autism learn how to help their child.  He has done so, and I do hope he will do it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As someone who was a fan of the book, I was a little disappointed in this.  I am an avid reader and have to be aware of the facts and the details of every single book I read.  As a result of reading this book, it is no longer my top choice to read.If you are a fan, you may want to skip the chapter entitled "The Unauthorized History of the World: How the World Was Lost".  It was very hard to believe the authors have such a poor grasp of historical facts.  This is a very bad book.  The author makes a lot of claims and many claims are simply false.  What he claims is simply not true.  For example, the claims that the US was the first country to use the atomic bomb are false.The author claims that we didn't know what was happening in Japan at the time of the atomic bombings.  However, I have read several articles on the subject.  We knew exactly what was going on and we did not attack Japan.  Many other countries did.  Japan was invaded by the US Navy during the war.  Therefore, the author is wrong when he states that Japan wasn't attacked by the United States.  There is no reason to believe that Japan was attacked by any other country.  It is a shame that this book is now the only book of its kind that is available.  A good book should be available for the reader to learn as much as possible.  While I was disappointed, I'm not so disappointed now.  Hopefully this book will be withdrawn from the market and that future editions of it will be written by a professional historian 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was quite tedious to read. It was difficult to understand the point of the book and it left me wanting more.  There were several pages that were very long.  The main character was the main reason why I was able to finish the book, but I could not see where his problems were going.  I also was disappointed with the lack of references to previous books in the series.  If you want to learn about the plot of a good book, I would recommend that you read the book from beginning to end, but do not waste your time on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very long book. If you don't like long books, you might not like this one.  There are many details of the actual war, but there are also plenty of "what the hells" and "what ifs".  The story begins with the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, and then moves on to the invasion of the Philippines, the "Bloody Sunday" bombing, the Cuban missile crisis, the Bay of Pigs fiasco, the invasion and occupation of Grenada, the bombing of Hanoi, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, the war with Iraq, the attack on the US Marines in Iraq, and the war in Afghanistan.  The ending of this book was very disappointing, with the death of a child in Mogadishu, Somalia.  A very small portion of the book is actually about the bombing and killing of US citizens in the US and other countries.  I am disappointed in this book and the publisher, as well as the author, because I thought this book would be a much better book than it was.  If you are looking for a "what does it mean" story, this is not it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not even going to touch the book because I don't agree with much of what is said. I think that a lot of what he writes is pure conjecture. The book seems to be more about the author's own ideas, not really about the topic of the book. I have a friend who was in college in the same year as him and who did some of the reading. I'm glad that she had the opportunity to read the book, but I think it would have been more beneficial for her to have the opportunity of a more comprehensive book on the subject. I'd recommend you avoid this book and instead read some of what has been written by the people who have been doing this research for over 50 years 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many reviews about this book and they have all been negative.  The book is not the best introduction to Buddhism, but it is certainly not the worst.  I don't see it being published again.  If you are looking for a beginner's guide, I recommend this one by James R. Corbett.  It is an excellent book with excellent photos.  There are several mistakes in this book, but there are no other mistakes.  You can find out more about Buddhist teachings from the Internet 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, I don't want to waste your time reading. I'm so sick of reading about how great of a woman I am, that I want to go buy the book of all the good quotes. I can't wait for the book with the quotes on the man's penis. This book was a complete waste of time. There were some nice ones in the book, but I would have liked to see more examples of how to be a good wife.  I really wanted to read this book, it was a good book. It would be a great book for a younger woman to read.  It's sad that the author would waste my time with a book that is so bad, that the title should have been "A Practical Guide to Becoming a Good Wife."  It would have saved me so much time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another example of the old, predictable and trite "feminist literature" that lacks imagination.  The author has done nothing to challenge the patriarchy.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a new way to read this book.  The text is not that helpful.  I just couldn't get into it.  It is a very long book, but the story was so hard to follow, I had to read through all the pages in the book. I had no idea what to do next.  If you are looking for something to read on a tight schedule, I would skip this book and look at some of the reviews in the New York Times, the book reviews in The Atlantic, and some of my favorite books of all time, The Devil's Dictionary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a Christian, don't read this book.  I'm a Christian and the book makes some good points but the author is so anti-Christian that it is very frustrating.  The author thinks Christians are all the same.  He says the Bible is a book of faith, not a book for the world to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, Dr. Seuss seems to think that the only way to tell a negative story is by leaving out the positive things about a good book: the characters are all likable, and there are few instances of  boring or unnecessary repetition, making this book a delight to read.  Unfortunately, there is a lot of repetition in this story,  especially in the first half.  If this book is going to be a true story, then it needs to be told in its original form.  Don't be fooled by this book; it's not that funny, it's just not that  original.  I would recommend not buying this book unless you have the time to read it all the way through, or even better  to read the book from start to finish, and then judge for yourself.  You won't regret 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the positive reviews that this book is well done. I would have liked more details on the book's subject matter. The book is not very well organized, and the writing style can be very slow. I wish I had read more on the other side. The chapter on "The Social System" did not hold my interest at all. I also have to say that the book was more of a guide to reading and understanding history in general 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a shame that such a good book like this, written by such an author as Robert Jordan, was so poorly written.  The ending is almost too hard for anyone who hasn't read the series to understand.  In the next book, "The Eye of the Queen", we will see how many more women will be killed before the plot thickens, which I believe will be a far greater tragedy for the women in the story than what has been shown so far.  Jordan's writing is a total mess.  I have not even read the next novel, "A Man Among Thieves", which I am looking forward to.  If you have read the first novel, do not read this one.  It will make you angry at the author.  Good books can be written even if they are poorly written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative review on this book.  I thought the author did a poor job at presenting his ideas, although the ideas themselves are interesting and worth further study 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A long, rambling and incoherent list of quotes and arguments. Not worth the money if you want to know the truth. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is extremely biased towards the left and the left wing.  In fact, the entire book is just a left wing guide for the left.  It is full of false claims, such as "The New Left is the new progressive movement.  The old right is the old racist, anti-Semitic, homophobic, misogynistic movement. "  It seems to be the author's personal view, as he has a "left-liberal" viewpoint on all of the major political issues.  Perhaps the book could have been better, if the author had a different point of view, or if the book had more examples. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in the process of finishing a book on the history of the French Revolution and this book was the first to appear.  It's quite clear to me that the author doesn't know what he's talking about.  For example, he makes several mistakes regarding the name of the Revolution.  As I mentioned in my review of  The Revolution, the term "Jacobin" is a common one in French, not English, history, which means that the Revolutionary regime had no power in France during its initial stages.  The term "Loyalist" has another meaning and was used in many cases by the "Jacobs" who were "Lovesick" (to quote Trotsky) and "Liar" (also a common French expression).  The author also fails to mention the fact that the majority of Frenchmen were "revolutionists" who had no political party to speak of.  If the author really wanted to get the whole picture, he could have written a book with a clear title.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  Instead, I would recommend this as a "paint-by-numbers" history that provides a very basic understanding of the revolution and its aftermath. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a shame to have to review a bad novel. It was not a very compelling read.   It lacked substance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  The book did not address the issue of suicide and suicide prevention.  I would have recommended it to anyone who was interested in learning more about the subject.  It is an interesting topic but the book was not well written.  If you want to know more about suicide prevention please look up the book "Living with Depression" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not review this book without saying that I had to slog through it.  I was a bit disheartened when I found that it was not quite as dark as I had hoped it would be.  But the characters were just too shallow.  Too much of what they said was just for the sake of it. It really felt like the author was just going through the motions with this one.   The book seemed to be very formulaic, and it left me feeling like I had wasted my time reading it.The plot is very disappointing and not worth the time it takes to read.  It also lacks any real twists or surprises.  If I had any sense of what the plot was trying to be, I would have given it a very negative review.  In conclusion, this book is not a bad novel, just one that I am very disappointed in. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a history course.  I found it very boring.  There were a few things that stuck out.  First was the lack of information regarding how to prepare for a trip to America.  It's a common misconception that the European traveler would only need to do research to plan the trip.  Not true!  The book didn't give any suggestions.  But it did provide some tips on how to deal with the "American tourist".  What I found frustrating is the author's description of the "vibrant" New York City.  The author said that there were thousands of "New Yorkers" living in the same neighborhood 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have a strong interest in this topic, you will likely be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A horrible book.  If you don't have much money or are looking for a book to read on the stock market, this is the book for you.  But if you are looking to learn more about the basics of the stock markets then this book is a complete waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very dry, dull, boring book.  If you are looking for some interesting reading material, then this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think most people who read this book will agree with me.  It's a pretty long book, and it's almost entirely dedicated to the subject of self-destructive behavior.  But when it comes to the actual behavior, the book is just a little too preachy.  The author's explanations are usually pretty reasonable, but there's a lot of stuff that just doesn't make sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a woman, or a woman in a relationship with a man, or an adult female with a teenage boy, or have been with a boy or girl of any age for any length of time, I am afraid that you will be in for a very unpleasant surprise.  The story is not interesting enough to stay with you, or you will have to re-read it for yourself, in order to make yourself comfortable.  If the story is truly about a man who is in love with his daughter and whose life is saved by a strange black dog, I don't even want to talk about it.  It reads like a soap opera.  I wish there were some books out there with more interesting characters like this.  Not all of them are so easy to follow.  Don't waste your time on this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book.  No pictures.  A few interesting facts.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it boring.  It was boring, boring, and I was bored.  I am a very intelligent person, I know my facts, I don't make mistakes.   I want to learn something new, not a boring story that teaches you nothing.  Don't waste your time on this book.  If you want to be smarter than your teacher, read a book on how to be more intelligent 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a long book with lots of information. However, it's not enough to get you started. It's more like a self-help book that only teaches you how to get your money. If you don't have any money to invest in the stock market, you will just spend all your money on worthless paper and lose all your gains. You need to invest with a book such as "The Little Book of Common Sense Investing" by Warren Buffett or "The Millionaire Investor" by Benjamin Graham, both of which will give you a better idea of how to invest and will help you gain money from your investments 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed to read this book.  There are some ideas presented in it but there is no way to apply them to the real world.  I am now looking for an updated version that does a better job of explaining how you can improve your finances 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was written by a "scholar" and does not appear to have any academic credentials.  I'm afraid it is a complete waste of time and money.  It's also very disturbing to learn that some of this "scholarship" is being funded by the United States Government.  The author, a professor at Columbia University, claims that the "Arab Spring" was "backed by" the United Nations.  What a coincidence.  He must be very proud of this claim because it is so much easier to make.  How many times does he say that the UN "backed" the "spring" of 2011?  How does the US Government finance the work of such a ridiculous academic?  It would be more accurate to say that it is funding the work to advance the cause of the "authorities" who are funding the book.  A better book could have been written by someone with some real expertise on the subject.  Unfortunately, this book is not that.  As a result, the reader can only conclude that the author has very little respect for what he claims to be his subject.If you want to learn more about this subject, try "The New York Times" or "The Economist".  If you want a more balanced book, try something more scholarly, such as "The Book of Lies: Why the Bush Administration Lies".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In my opinion, the book could have been better.  It is, however, a wonderful way to waste your time.  If you are an adult with an interest in the early church history and want to learn about it, this book will do the job 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has spent so much time researching, interviewing, etc., that he doesn't really have much of a story to tell. If this book was as interesting as the rest of the ones I've read, I would've enjoyed it. However, I have to say I'm not impressed. I have read many of his books, and I am not an expert in this area, but he hasn't done anything with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete waste of time.  I did not find any of the main points that were presented to be convincing or accurate.  As for the "joke" with the "horses" reference, the "stupidity" of the "horse" owners in America was amusing at first.  But I found it was so overused and so ridiculous that I was sickened 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a huge disappointment. It was not funny, not well-written, and, most importantly, it was boring. I can see the appeal of the title and see it is supposed to be a book that is light-hearted, but there was very little funny.  There were several plot twists, and I thought they were great, but not all of them were funny. I expected to find something different.  It was a slog.  I think it would have been more enjoyable if the book had focused more on the characters rather than the plot. I am still hoping that it will turn out better, but it's not going to be worth the time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bunch of nonsense.  You have to be a professor to have a clue what you are talking about.  He is full of platitudes and opinions that sound good on the page but are completely meaningless.  I wouldn't waste my money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewer who said that the book was a disappointment.  The writing style was a bit rough and the characters weren't as developed as I had hoped.  I have to wonder what the editor was thinking when they allowed this to be published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would have been a more interesting read if it had been a true story. I really wanted to learn more about the real life of this man. I was more interested in the man himself and not the book's plot. I had no interest in learning anything new about a fictitious story. It was a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very long, and I had to go to the internet to find the book summary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the books in this series and am disappointed to see that this one is the last in the series.  It is a tedious tome that will leave you frustrated and confused.  If you want a quick read that will not bore you then buy a book from the New York Times, but this is not the book for you.  There is a whole lot to learn here from the previous books but it is wasted time.  I would suggest: "The Big Fat Book of Fat Acceptance" by Michael Specter.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the worst I have ever read.  It is really a rant.  I did not find it interesting.  My wife read it and we both agree that it is a complete waste of time.  He uses the "what's good about a good book" to justify his opinions.  If he truly cares about his readership, he should quit publishing.  The book also had the highest amount of typos in the book.  In one of his rants, he referred to a bad electronic device:  "The cassette player that comes with your car is defective.  Do not rely on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a piece of trash. I read it after reading several other books by Dr. Peter Breggin.  It is a sad commentary on his life.  Dr. Breggins claims that his name and research are all that separates him from being a crackpot.  Yet he continues to be quoted by the media as if he is an authority on the subject of UFOs.  I wonder if anyone with half an ounce of common sense actually believes that? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the reviews about this book and have to agree. The main plot is very predictable and boring.  There is no mystery to this story, and there is no real suspense or mystery to the story at all.  If you want a mystery or suspense, check out the Harry Potter series or the Twilight series.  But if you want to read a simple plot with no mystery or intrigue, look elsewhere.  It would have been interesting to have seen how this story would have developed, but it is a total waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little disappointed with this book, although it certainly had its merits. I did not find it as informative or engaging as I was led to believe. It is more a dry run for the graduate students who want to make a case for a major book on a difficult topic.  I'm not sure if this is due to the writing style, the content or the book itself, but I think it was a combination of all three 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not sure if I read this book before or not, but I found it extremely boring and boringly written.  It is certainly not a story that could be considered realistic.  I was hoping to learn something new about how to be in a bad electronic device, but this book was a total waste of time.  Not only is this book boring, it is also incredibly misleading.  The first few chapters go into great detail about various types of electronic device and how to protect them, but not once do the reader learn how to actually operate them.  For example, there is a chapter on the type of capacitor, then it goes on to describe the capacitor's characteristics and how it works.  Yet another chapter goes into great depth about the wiring inside the capacitor, but then when the reader is asked how to wire the capacitor into an outlet, the author says "no, it's not needed.  Don't touch it."  The book goes into detail about how the batteries in your electronic device protect them from the elements, but they never explain how to properly recharge the batteries.  Also, the book mentions how to make sure your computer doesn't overhear your conversations.  If this book is supposed to be a "hands on" book, it could use some more tips and techniques.  All in all, I was not very impressed with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of useless information that does nothing to help you in your pursuit of the truth.  I am a professional, independent journalist, and I have spent the last 4 years researching and writing articles on politics and the media.  As a result of the many questions I have received from my readers, I have decided to write this book.  This is an abysmal book that does not provide even the most basic of information needed for a layman to understand what is going on.  If you want to know what's going on in Washington, don't buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of the Harry Potter series, you will like this book. However, it is a very hard read for anyone who isn't familiar with the series.  It contains all of the information that the author knows and has learned from watching the movies.  The author does a very poor job explaining the books in the context that the fans have been given.  This book is a complete waste of time.  I would not recommend it for a first book for a novice reader 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of this book.  There are so many lies and half-truths that I can't even count.  The first book was very confusing and I would have to reread it a couple times before I could figure it all out.  I think the second book is a bit more straight forward, but still full of wrong information.  Maybe this book would be better if it had a few better facts and less lies.  If I ever write a negative book review about another book, I would like to suggest another one that is a much more factual book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main characters, John and Lucy, seem to have very little in common, yet the plot is pretty interesting.  However, the lack of character development really hurts this novel.  The plot is very predictable and the characters seem very one-dimensional.  Don't be surprised if you do not finish this book, unless you like very predictable plots.  It is very hard to believe that the main characters have so little in Common.  You might think that John and Julia were just friends, but I don't think so.  I thought John and Susan were the closest in age, but they actually have a mutual friend, Lucy.  Julia is very much in love with Susan.  There are a few twists in the plot, but don't expect much.  Overall, I would not recommend this book for anyone except an avid reader of mystery novels.  This was a very slow and boring book, and I would suggest a slow-paced book for the first two thirds of it, as it really starts to pick up in the last third 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book contains a lot of historical and biographical details and very little actual historical evidence.  There are also some inaccuracies regarding the "Black Guerrilla Army", which I was informed was actually the Black Liberation Army of Africa (BALA), led by Marcus Garvey.  I was also told that there was a "Black Mafia", the Black Guerrilla Family, who were responsible for the bombing of several white churches in New York City in the late 1960's.  The story of the BIA and the BLACK MILITIA is extremely over-exaggerated.  In fact, many of the Black people in the book have died, including several of the "murderers" mentioned in the text.  It seems that the author had a vested interest in pushing this idea.  As an historian I find it disturbing that someone with such a vested vested interest could be so blatantly inaccurate in such a work.  He clearly knows very little about the Black Civil Rights Movement and it is quite clear from his book that he is not being objective.  This book would be better suited for a general reading of Black History, which is far more nuanced and diverse than this book.  Not to mention the fact that the text is over 500 pages long.  If you are a serious historian, do not waste your time on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of blatant lies and is nothing more than a propaganda piece to sell a book. If you are looking for something to read then do not waste your money. This book should be pulled from the shelves 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just cannot believe that there are so many of these books.  I wish that this book was not published.  It would have been much better.  If you are looking for some serious literature, look at the books on "The History of the Rise and Fall of the Third Reich" by Paul Rassinier and Peter J. Wright.  They are much more scholarly, and if you want to read a "history" of the Nazi Party, you should check out their books. If you want some more light reading, check out "The Nazi War Machine" by Christopher Andrew, "Hitler's War Machine", and "The Origins of the Second World War" by Richard J. Ellis.  Those books will give you a very good overview of the history of the Nazis. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess. It is filled with lies, propaganda, and propaganda. It does not provide any solid historical background or explanation for the rise and fall of the Soviet Union. It also contains some incorrect dates. I recommend reading "The New History of the USSR" by Alexander Yakovenko or "The Secret History of Communism" by Thomas D. Dodds. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I was very disappointed.  I thought the main characters were interesting, but I found their relationship to each other to be very shallow.  The plot is so predictable that it makes you want to put it down.  You know it will end, but you're not sure when.  It's a book that I wouldn't recommend for anyone who is not already familiar with it, unless they really like the characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a shame that this book, which is supposed to be an account of a life of a woman, was written by a man.  It lacks any real female perspective, which may be a reason why so many women read it.  Perhaps the author's intentions were good.  But there is no denying the fact that he, like so many others, is just plain old-fashioned sexist.  The author seems to take a lot of pleasure in his sexism.  In this book a girl named Mary, who is clearly meant to be a female protagonist, is referred to as "Mary Jane".  Mary Jane is clearly a male character, so it would be nice to know whether or not the author believes that male characters are more deserving of respect than female characters.  For instance, the author apparently believes that boys can be more important than girls.  That would be a good thing, wouldn't it?  I hope this book is never made into a film.  I wouldn't want a movie made by a sexist man. It's bad for everyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book contains little information for the average person to understand and the book contains almost no facts.  The book is more for the people who already know how to do the job.  It also lacks the depth to provide a proper overview of the job market.  For someone with more information the book is almost useless 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was really interesting, but the book seemed a little too long. It really drags on and makes it hard to get through. I really wish I had not bought this book. I can see why people bought it because it is so informative. However, it is a waste of money to read the book if you can get the whole thing for free 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is an abysmal mess.  I did not finish it.  It is not funny at all.  If you like your comedy to be funny and have a good book, this is the book for you.  Otherwise, it is hard to imagine why anyone would read this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little confusing at first.  But after reading it I was confused again.  The story takes place in medieval Germany and the main character, an innocent boy, is sold into slavery in order to help a family business.  There are many twists and turns, which are not explained very well.  It is a very slow story and I kept wondering what the ending was.  If you are looking for an easy read and not wanting to learn all the information you will find here, go somewhere else.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of "The X Files" and you have never read the books, I would suggest this as an introduction to "X Files".  If this is not your cup of tea, do not read this book.  If it's your first time, please go to a book store and buy "The War of the X Files".This book is a far cry from what it is billed to be.  The book is far more of a story collection than an actual book.The writing style is not the best, the writing is clunky, and the characters are not well developed.  I am afraid this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't get into this book.  There are so many clichs and references that I don't know what to do with this one.  I feel like I am being sucked into the vortex of a bad electronic device.  Don't waste your money on this book, unless you are into the occult.  If you are not into the subject of occultism, do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a positive review about an enjoyable book: A good book, but it's only the beginning.  I really did not enjoy reading the first part.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with errors and incorrect facts. I suggest anyone who reads this book should get a second opinion. If you have a problem with anything you read from this book, it should be that it is incorrect. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read this book before I decided I was going to quit smoking.  I kept getting stuck on the same page and had to stop in the middle of it because I couldn't make it through the whole thing.  It is long and boring, and the only thing that really matters to me is the end.  If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't have quit smoking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character, David, is an alcoholic. He is also a racist. This book has a lot of elements of fiction, but I think it could have been a good book if it hadn't been set in an alcoholic's home.  The characters in the book are mostly racist, but the book isn't really about racism. It is more about David's life, which includes alcoholism, prostitution, and violence. I can see how this book could have appealed to some readers, but it could also have made it much more confusing if it wasn't set in David's home 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot and the characters are not worth the time spent on the book.  The writing style is clunky and repetitive.  I don't really think this book is an easy read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very hard book to read and I think that the author is making it all up.  I can see the book as a plot to sell a book but in reality it is just a story.  It contains many examples of bad writing, as well as being full of errors.  The book should be a warning to readers, not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping for a better book.  I expected something more realistic than this.  There is some information in there that is a little outdated.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is hard to believe this book was written by someone who actually knows what she is talking about.  I am an intern at a good electronic device manufacturer, but I can tell you that I would never use a manual written by a non-technical person as a book for anyone else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very disappointing.  Not a single chapter addressed the issues and was a complete waste of time.  It was full of unhelpful examples of "rules" that are not really rules.  The author is not a statistician nor is he an expert on the laws.  He just wanted to make a big fat bucks from this book and not a single page of it actually helped anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very disappointing.  A lot of very shallow theories and examples.  What a shame.  I am sure there are a lot more interesting ways of thinking and acting, but it is hard to take anything from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, all the references are outdated.  The story was so long, and so boring, that I had to put it down.  I did not finish reading the book because it was so depressing.  It is not a bad story.  However, the writer did not know what he was talking about.  He had a lot of information that could have been easily found by anyone else.  What he didn't understand is that in the old days, there was a huge debate on whether it is a good book to read.  One of the points in this book is "Do not take this book as an instruction manual on how to start a business or start a family business.  Do not buy this book if you want a financial or financial strategy book, a business book, or a book to make money.  If you want to start your own business, buy a book by a good business person.  Don't waste your time on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in elementary school and I thought this book was great.  But it wasn't.  It was really boring.  I really wish I had read it instead of reading The Catcher in the Rye. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is extremely boring and boring.  I did not enjoy reading the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is a lot of information that can be found in this book, but it's not very easy to find.  It is quite technical and it is easy to see why this book was written.   The book is full of long lists of references.  However, if you are looking for a quick reference guide, skip this book and read the books listed in the back of the book.  I was hoping the book was a little more general in its information, but sadly it isn't.  This book is almost impossible to read because it is so overwhelming and it takes you a long time to find the information that you want.  If you are interested in a book for a college or for an advanced degree, this is not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a number of books by Susan Brown, and this is by far the worst.  It was so frustrating to have to slog through this book because of the author's repetitions of the same old "facts" over and over again.  I kept thinking to myself "If it's not the facts that is wrong, how come it's only the facts?"  If you're a realist, and want to know the truth, you will know that Susan Brown is simply a propagandist who has used her faith to advance her agenda.  The truth is, no one has ever died from Ebola, nor will any die in the next few months.  Ebola is a "contagion" disease, but not one which is a direct result of contact with a person with the disease.  If anything, it's a direct cause of the deaths of many millions of people in Africa.  A lot of it is just fear mongering, and a lot of that is from the people of Africa who have been infected with Ebola.  But even if you do believe the "facts", please do your research, because there is so much that's not true.  There are plenty of excellent books out there that will help you understand this disease, and you won't get your money back.  Do yourself a favor and read some of those.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of Michael Connelly's books, and I really enjoyed this one. However, I was disappointed that the plot was so much of a bore. The characters were interesting and they were interesting enough to keep reading, but this story was way too slow and too boring. The only reason I read this was because I wanted to see how Connelly would finish this series. However I won't be reading any more of his books because they're a complete waste of time and I have no desire to read anything else by Connelly. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book lacks detail and insight into the actual techniques of how to build a business.  I am not an entrepreneur and did not learn anything new from this book.  If you want to learn how to start a small business, read some of the books on this website.  The author's approach to business is based on the premise that if you can only invest in something new, it is cheaper to start than to buy.  Unfortunately this is not true.  For a new business to succeed, you need to be willing to put yourself in the position of making the investment yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book multiple times and still find it hard to believe.  This book is a compilation of all the information that the author received from the internet.  If you want to know what is happening in the world, I would suggest getting a book that is written by a real expert 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring.  It is full of information and does not provide much in the way of answers.  You will waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that reads like a college student's book. The plot of the story is very predictable. If you like mysteries, then this is a great book to read. If, however, you are looking for a thriller with a twist, this is not the book for you.  I would recommend the original book by James Ellroy, but I feel that this one is far less convoluted. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a little more from this book, because the previous one was excellent.  But I was not expecting the complete, one-sided, and misleading presentation.  I do not recommend this book to anyone.  Instead of giving readers the information needed for their questions, the author presents the answer with very little regard to the reader's questions.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the negative reviews about this book. The title is confusing and it could be better.   The book is too dry and not interesting enough to keep the reader's interest.  I have no idea what a "person of faith" really believes.  It doesn't make sense and it makes the reader feel dumb for reading.  Don't waste your money on this book and if you like religion, try the Christian Century 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a positive review about some good book: I would recommend this book, but only if you are interested in a more "historical" version of the "Black History" of the United States.  However, if you want to know the truth, I suggest you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in high school and was a huge fan of Dr. Seuss. I had heard the books were amazing and loved them.  Well, not only did I love them, I thought I had read all of them. I mean, I read the books, but then I went to school.  I thought this was the book I had been reading for years and years.  The book was boring and uninteresting.  It seemed like the author wanted to prove to us all that his books were the best.  If you don't have a love for Dr.Seuss, please don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the book is a bad read, not worth the money or the time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book: a nice overview of the basics of bookkeeping, but there's nothing new.  the book should have been more like the "The Ultimate Book of Bookkeeping" or "The Book of Common Mistakes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a Christian, I was disappointed that Mr. Bickeringhoff was able to get me to agree with his points.  I have been a lifelong atheist, and the book itself was filled with errors.  If you want to know what you are being taught about God, then read the Bible.  You won't find it in this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. I don't know what other reviewers are thinking about it, but it is really a long book with a lot of text and many references to other books and articles. The author doesn't seem to understand that the book needs to be condensed for readers to understand. There are numerous examples of what the reader needs to know, but most of the book is just repetition. I'm sure that it would be an improvement to make the book shorter. The book seems to be based on a misunderstanding of the principles of economics, which are explained quite well in Michael Lewis' book, Money, Banks, and Aids. I'd rather see a book by Michael Lewis on this subject. I think that he would have done better with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not very well written.  I feel that the author didn't really understand the main theme in the book.  He made a lot of excuses for the bad writing and made it a chore to get through the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not so much a history as a series of anecdotes. Some are interesting, but most are not. The writing is stilted and not as crisp as the first two books. The book is full of errors. The most egregious are the historical errors in the text. The text also lacks a basic understanding of the concept of "history" as a discipline. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know if this is a book I will like, but I'm surprised it's even been made into a movie. It's not a book, it's a screenplay. There are some interesting and well-developed characters in there, but there's a lot of empty fluff.   The only reason this book is so interesting is that it's being done by someone who knows what they're doing.  It would have been a great book if it had been done by a talented writer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring and boring book.  It has little to do with the real life story of Lee Harvey Oswald, and much of it is simply speculation.  The book also lacks an in depth analysis of the assassination of JFK.  If you are interested in learning more about the Kennedy assassination and its aftermath, go to John F. Kennedy's book, The Assassination of President John F Kennedy, or read JFK's biography, A Very Short History of John F, JFK.I think this book could use some editing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so disappointed in this book. It is a total waste of time. I was hoping for more of a story that would be more about the book itself and less about the author's opinions. I also have a bad feeling that the author would not be willing to answer questions if someone were to ask them.   I would give the book a negative rating because I did not get the answers I expected 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many, many books and have written many, but none that have made me want to throw the book away.  I thought this one would be different.  However, the plot was very slow.   It felt like a page-turning, but not exciting, adventure story.  There were too many unanswered questions.  The characters were bland.  Most of the story was focused on the main character and the plot.  It was almost too much like a soap opera.  Some people might think I'm an old-fashioned man and this was too slow for me.  But the characters were weak and the writing was poor.  This book could have been a very good book, if the plot wasn't so slow.I have to warn anyone who might be looking for a good book: this book is a bit hard to finish.  Don't expect to get a complete story here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the reviewer who commented about the author's name. I thought this book was a little too much like a cookbook. I think he's done a few better ones but I don't know what he's going to do with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's writing style is very choppy and doesn't make any sense. The story is too much like the other ones in this series, except with some minor differences. There are too many twists and turns, and the main character isn't even that likable. The only positive review I have is that it is an excellent book, and I would recommend it for anyone wanting to learn more about this sort of thing. But it is just not the most important part of the series, and for the rest of the book I'd recommend the first book. I'm sure this will come as a surprise to anyone who has read all the previous books, but for those of you who haven't, I strongly recommend reading the first. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another of the many books written by the author who can't write a positive review about anything, he always goes off on some tangent that he doesn't understand. This book was boring and boringly boring. The characters were unappealing and the plot was predictable. It didn't really seem like there was much plot going on. The ending left a bad taste in my mouth. The book could have been a lot better, and I will never waste my time reading any more of his writings. I don't recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book I was very disappointed.  The only reason I bought it was for the title.  I found out that it was a very boring book.  There were many passages that were not interesting.  For example, the "How to" section.  This was boring because it was very difficult to comprehend.  It was hard to see the big picture.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disapointed by this book. It is very preachy and is not well written.  The characters are boring.  A few pages have scenes with no plot, and I did not like the way it was written. The author did not explain his ideas.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a very tedious read.  I'm sure the author had a lot of interesting things to say, but I wouldn't read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find the book very interesting, although the book was very interesting in it's originality. The book was full of information that was unnecessary for the purposes of learning the principles, however, this information was presented in such a way as to make learning the concepts as painful as possible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know what the inside story of the Holocaust is like, buy a good book by Richard Evans. This book is a collection of short stories.  But I am not surprised that this book has been rejected by more than one publisher.  There is a lot of "fact" and "fiction" in the book.  If I had a penny for every story I have read in this book, I could buy a million dollars worth of champagne.  I also have a lot to say about this book.First, there is the problem of the "genocide" which is clearly not genocide.  The Holocaust was a "civil war" in Europe.  Some people say it was "genocidal" in meaning that it was a killing of Jews by Nazis.  This is not true.  Hitler, who led the Nazis, wanted a race-based "master race".  This was the reason why they killed millions of Jews.  That is a "geno" or "genetic" problem.  However, it is a fact that Hitler wanted this race to rule the world.  He wanted to exterminate the Jews.I think it is more accurate to call this "the genocide of European Jews".  It is clear that many Jews in Europe were not Nazis.Many Jews in Germany and elsewhere in Europe supported Hitler and the Nazis.I would not call the Nazi's Holocaust "genocentrism".  I would call it "the Holocaust".I am not against "Holocaust" books.  They are not always good.  For example, "The War Against the Jews" by Peter Klenz.  It provides an excellent account of the Nazi "war against the Jews".This book does not provide an account of "the mass killings in Nazi Germany".I suggest that if you want a "biographical" account of Hitler, read my book: "Hitler: The Life and Reign of an Unjust Prince".  In this book I write about the Nazi war against the "people of the European continent" and Hitler's "genotrophism".In this book we read about "the first Holocaust" (which is the murder of the Jews by the Nazis) and "the second Holocaust"  I call "The Final Solution"   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've read in a long time. I can't believe anyone would waste their time on this. There are too many unanswered questions in this book. I really don't think it's meant to be taken seriously 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, Chris Mooney, has been a big fan of the "discoveries" that have been debunked.  This is a very disappointing book for anyone who actually tries to look for actual facts.  Mooney's arguments are very selective and fallacious.  If you really want to know what is really going on, look for a book by John Cook.  Cook's work is far superior.  It's a shame that this book was published by the same publisher that is now promoting a cookbook called "How to Cook a Good Book". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will say it right now, if you want to know how to make money or save it, this book is for you. But if you just want to find a good book for the first book in your book club, and are looking for a guide on the subject of investing or financial management, I will tell you it is the opposite.  I am not going to waste your time with this book.  If you are looking to save money, I suggest you look at The Greatest Investment Mistake of All Time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little disappointed when I found out that this was a book written by a student. I did not have the patience to read the book. The chapters were long, the descriptions of the subjects were a little unclear and the text itself was confusing. It's not the first book I've seen written by an English student, but it is by far the worst.  I will not be reading this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been reading for decades and have been an instructor in the past four or five years.  I will admit it, I was hoping for more of the "how to" articles.  Instead, I got "why?" articles. I have no idea what I'm reading.  This book was not helpful, nor will it be useful for my students, or for me.  The book contains a ton of information and directions to do what it recommends.  Don't waste your time reading it.  If you're an instructor, give a book to your students 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a reader who is a member of the military community, I found the book to be extremely disheartening. I do not have any doubt that many of the comments were from the military, but many of them seemed to be generalizations. There are several other books out there that I would consider more in depth for our military, however this is the only book I would read, and I wish I had read it more thoroughly 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so depressing. I was in the process of reading this book for my daughter and it gave me the creeps. The story was not interesting enough to me.  There was not a whole lot of humor in the story.  It made me feel very sad 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a collection of "exposing" the truth behind the Clinton-Lewinsky affair. The author does not take into account the actual facts surrounding the affair, or at least not enough. If you want to understand what really happened between President Clinton and his girlfriend, read a book by a journalist who actually did the research, not an author who wants to get on your case. Don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half is mostly a discussion of the war against communism, the second half is more political theory. The book is filled with incorrect facts, misleading arguments, and many examples of factual errors. The author is very misleading in his discussions about the war and the US.  It is true that many people died in the war, but the author does not give a precise number. He also makes the obvious assumption that if the US didn't have any involvement in the death of millions of people, it would be acceptable.  As a historian, I would have been much better served by reading books by historians such as John Feffer, John M. Anderson, and Howard Zinn. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I have stated in several reviews, I was not a fan of this book when I first read it.  But the fact that it is available now makes me regret buying it.I will not be spending any time on this book.  I will not waste my time reading a book that is almost impossible to understand.  It is a total waste of time and money.  My advice to anyone looking for a simple and straightforward book on economics, is to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be very dull.  The author seems to have a limited understanding of English grammar and vocabulary.  As a result, the book reads like a textbook.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the third book of his that I have read. The first one I did not enjoy, the second one I think is pretty good, but I am not very fond of the third one. I am a fan of Mr. Zuckerman's other books, so I am hoping that the new one will be a little more interesting.  I have no idea what to make of this one, and if anyone can suggest a good book on the subject of the Holocaust, I would be most grateful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an odd book. It's very dry, boring, and not worth reading.  It's so much better to buy the other three books by the same author, but I would never read this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's boring. The plot was a little too much. I thought it was going to be a very slow build up to the climax. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book that started me down the rabbit hole of reading and reading more.  I have now read the first 20 pages and can't wait for the next one.  The author takes a very long time to introduce each character.  She seems to be very slow at developing these characters.  This really hurt me as a reader.  It was hard to get attached to anyone.  They all seemed to have the same idea.  A lot of the characters were boring and uninteresting.  In fact, I kept wanting to turn the book in the next chapter.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mixture of the boring, the silly, and the not so nice. It is hard to believe anyone actually read this book. I thought it would be a light read, and was shocked when I found out it was much more boring and tedious.  The main character, a boy who is afraid of spiders, is the only character that seems to get any sort of development or interest in his situation. His relationship with his mom and dad is pretty much non-existent. I did not care for the book and have since given it a bad review about it.  I have read the previous book in the series, The Monster Manual. I would recommend this book, but for a different book entirely 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a good book, but it is just a rehash of the same old "I'm gonna kill a bad electronic device, or maybe I'm gonna eat a bad laptop", which is all over the place. I'm surprised that no one who hasn't read this book or any other book on Linux and who isn't familiar with Linux or the Open Source software system would even bother with this book, much less be able to apply any of the solutions it presents to real problems. There is a lot of information and ideas here, but not enough of anything really practical. If you want to get a handle on Linux (or anything else for that matter), read "The Mythical Man-Month". It is a far better book, and a more useful read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I have ever read. It is a very short story, and has the unfortunate ending. It's a long book, and very boring.  The plot is very thin. The characters are shallow, the language is crude, and the ending is predictable. It doesn't really leave much room for any suspense, but I was left feeling cheated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very disappointing book.  I thought it would be a bit more fun and exciting, with more characters and a little more of the romance.  It is not, but it is interesting to see some characters get to know each other.  The book could have been a lot better, but I am not even sure why I read it.  There are so many other great books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because of its title and the author's name, John D. Stigler.  But when I actually started reading, I found it to be a tedious, boring, and inaccurate history of a bad electronic device: the transistor radio.  As for the book's author, I didn't know who he was.  I suppose there are some people who would not like to be called a "fraud" who are also "foolish", but I would not call Mr. Stigliano a "dope".  So what's the problem?  The answer is simple.  Mr. "Stigliano" is an "anti-intellectual", and I think that's a very positive review about his book.  It is a very simple, clear, and concise explanation of why the transistor was a bad idea.  However, I have to say I was surprised when I read the "why" parts.  If you want to learn the reason for the transistor, this book is not for you.  "Why" does not provide the "answer".  If that's what you want, look at the book "Electronic Devices: An In-Depth Reference".  It's an excellent book, and it has an excellent section on transistor radios, including photos.  All of which were presented in a very entertaining and interesting way.  Don't waste your money on "Stigler's" book.The reason the transistor failed was a simple and simple explanation.  The transistor was only about 50% efficient.  There are other things that could have been done to improve the transistor that would have made it much more efficient 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the worst I've read. It really is nothing more than a bunch of boring, preachy religious books. If you are looking for a book to read about how to become a Christian, then this is a good book to look for.  I was very disappointed with this book.  It was filled with half truths, half-truths, and just plain lies. The book makes it sound as though anyone can become a religious believer and they will make their lives a lot better. The first half of the book is nothing but a bunch o lies and half truths. The second half of this book is just another bunch o lie.  This is a book that is not worth your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the book's premise that "all too often the public and media view women as the only source of income, power and prestige".  I have a theory that I am not going to share with the public but I am hoping I will someday, maybe after I am out of prison.  I would like to believe that in my own mind, that I know that I can achieve something with my own two hands, my own intelligence, my self-respect, and my own self-worth.  Instead, the author tries to make the reader feel sorry for her (the reader has not been helped by the fact that the author's husband is a billionaire).  The book does not give a positive review about any good book: I'm still in shock from this book.  Don't read it if you want to understand what women really go through.  If you want answers to all the questions in this book, read a positive book: "Unbroken" by Peggy O'Donnell is a true story of courage, courageously written and beautifully illustrated.  But "Unconscious" by Lisa Bloom is not a positive, encouraging book. It's a negative book, full of negative review and comments, and very un-enlightening to the reader.  It's hard to believe anyone in the media who claims they are looking for positive, uplifting, inspiring women, when they read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not see it as the book it is, as it seems to be. The plot seemed too contrived and forced to me, and I had to read it all over again to get it all to make sense.  The characters were weak, not interesting, and had no redeeming qualities to me.  There were a lot of "quotations" that didn't really mean anything and were just wasted space 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a long book, and I have not read all the chapters. I was very confused by many of the information presented in the book. Many of the concepts presented in this book were not explained clearly.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is boring and the characters are uninteresting.  A little slow for a children's book, but I'm not a fan of these characters, especially the one in the book called "The Queen".  I was so disappointed that I actually had to buy the book again, and I wouldn't buy it again, so if you like reading about Queen Elizabeth, it's probably better to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In my opinion, the book is a poor attempt at humor. There are not enough jokes in this book and the story lacks any real plot. The plot in this story is just too contrived and too contored for my liking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time.  It took forever to read.  I have to say I did not enjoy the book at all.  The book lacked character development and storyline.  Instead, the book was more of a plot device to make the reader buy the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just didn't think this book was that good.  The story itself was okay, but I just found it hard to believe that he really knew so much about this subject matter.  I think that this book could have been more interesting to someone who actually knew more about the subject matter, and I don't really like the idea that it was written for a self-help book.  Maybe I'm not really a fan of self-improvement books, but for a book like this I wouldn't give it much more than a two or three stars.  It is an attempt to sell books to people who really aren't interested in reading self-insurance or any self-protection book, but it could be a great book for someone who is. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was published to help you understand the laws concerning marijuana and its effects. If you were to read the text, however, it would not be possible to grasp the real laws that govern the recreational use of marijuana.  It would also be a mistake to assume that this book will be useful for your medical marijuana license, which would require that you complete the requirements for the application.  In fact, it is not.  Instead, the author assumes you know all the facts and has no interest in presenting the actual law.  I think this book was poorly written, poorly organized, and a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed by this book. It is not a complete book but there are parts of it that are very interesting. The book was too long for the book it's self. I think this book was more of a promotional piece for a good book than a true book.  I also think that the author is too much into his own ego. He tries to make this book seem like a book of personal experiences.  It really isn't. The author also tries to sell it to the reader as a mystery.  He could have left out the mystery parts. The mystery parts could have been very interesting to read about. I do not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book on the recommendation of another book, and I thought it was interesting, but I was underwhelmed by the lack of research on the Holocaust.  I thought the book was interesting because it provided a positive review about the work of a Holocaust scholar, but in the end I was left with a very unsatisfying conclusion.  The book lacks both research and historical context, and the writing style of the author is very superficial.  One has to be very careful with what one reads, because this book lacks the necessary information to make an informed decision about whether or not to trust the conclusions it draws.  This book, however, is a reminder of how many Holocaust researchers are willing to do whatever they can to obtain fame and fame's worth.  It is also a reminder that the author of this book is a very dangerous man, because he has a history of lying to the public and making outrageous claims.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is filled with clichs and stereotypes.  There is nothing new or insightful in this book.  I did not find any information that was useful.  Don't waste your time.  You can find a book on the Internet that is more helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an excellent book for a beginning to middle school class, but not for those of us who are already aware of the rules and the importance of the written word. It's not even about spelling. I was a little confused by the fact that the book is called "The Essential Grammar" and not "The Definitive Guide to Writing and Reading". I think this book would have been a great book for those who had a lot to learn from the text in the beginning, but for the rest of us it's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As the title indicates, this book is aimed at an older audience. The book is long, not terribly well written, and there are several chapters that could have been written off by those of us who are a bit older.  I have to say that the book had the benefit of some really good book reviews by some of the leading figures in the community, but it is not the best book for this age group.  If you are a little more junior, then this book may be a good book, but not if you want to get into the mind of a child.  It does have a few interesting ideas and examples, but I would have rather read a book that was aimed at older children.  But, if you are looking for a book to help you understand why the Catholic Church is doing what it is doing, I would suggest reading this book.  Otherwise, read a better book.The book has many errors, and it also is a tad overrated.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a lot to look at, and it's hard to follow it.  In fact, I thought I had read it before.  It's a long book, and the author doesn't seem to really explain anything.  The title "The Life and Death of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg" is quite misleading, and I would suggest reading "The Rosenberg Case" instead.  I found it very hard to understand what was happening in this trial, and also very hard, and perhaps too hard, to follow the story.  Not only did it make me want to turn away from the book, it made me want a better book.  Maybe I just need a more in-depth understanding of the situation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of information but doesn't really address how the government makes policy.  The book talks about the fiscal policy in a very general sense.  I wouldn't have much of an impact if I could just get this stuff out of the book.  There are so many ways to make policy that I just can't keep track of all of them.  They all boil down to just saying what politicians want to do.  If you're a reader of books on how to be a good or successful politician you'll probably learn something.  But this book just gives you a bunch of "stuff" and doesn't provide much information that could help you make better policy.It's a pity because there are a few other books that address this topic better.  One of them is The New York Times Magazine's "The Future of the State," which has a better grasp on the policies that govern our nation.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is an intriguing, and the content is, too.  But I have to say, the writing style is atrocious.  The book is full of repetition.  You can't read more than two or three pages at a time.  It is not clear what is happening or why.  In addition, I have no idea what the end-point is.  I am an author who has been doing research and writing for years.  How could I not know what I am talking about when I have such a detailed map?  The "scientific" explanation for the world's problems is certainly not a very nice one, but if the book had been written by someone who has a good grasp of science, I would have enjoyed it.  Maybe I was looking for a book to read about a scientist, but in my opinion, it was a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I would be surprised at how much time this book wastes. It is long.  It is boring.  And it is full of false, misleading, and inaccurate information.    I am embarrassed to have read this book and I'm sorry to anyone who read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been doing research for about 20 years, and I can tell you that this book is full of errors.  I am surprised the author didn't get a better book from the publisher.  If you want a book that is true to the facts, don't buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn something new, go buy some of the other books on the same subject.  This book is not for you.  It's very basic and a lot of information is hard to find.  I wish the author had tried to write more in depth articles about some of these topics.  But I guess I'm not smart enough to learn from books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of nonsense. If you want to learn how to make money, you'll find a lot of info in this book. The author is a self-proclaimed "real estate" agent, which is an oxymoron. He talks about "mortgage flipping", which is a totally illegal practice. There are some other real estate agents that will talk about this, but they aren't real estate 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of stuff in this book, but it's not interesting to me.  It would be better to write a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for an explanation of the fundamentals of electronic device repair, then this book may be helpful.  Unfortunately it doesn't provide much information on troubleshooting or repair of other types of electronics.  The author does a poor job of explaining how to troubleshoot and repair electronic devices.  It is difficult to understand how many of the problems can be avoided with basic troubleshooting skills and knowledge of electronics 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of self-help books.  I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the title.  Instead, I gave it 1 star for the name.  This is a long book that is full on self-indulgence.  If you want to lose weight and keep it off for the rest of your life, read this book.  For the rest, it's not worth reading.  The author is trying to give you advice on everything, from getting a new car to eating healthy, from making money to being a good friend.  They are really just suggestions.  It is true that some of the advice is good.  But the rest are not.  My suggestion to anyone who reads this book is to skip the advice on weight loss and stay away from the self-improvement book. It is a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first two chapters are very boring and the book only gets worse from there.  I would not recommend this book to anyone, it is very boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book, but not worth the time for the few pages that deal with his life.  It is so obvious what he believes.  What is the point of writing a positive review about anything, if you know the author is a homophobe and that the main point of your book is to prove it?  I did not enjoy reading this book and wish that it had been less tedious.  The first chapter is titled "The New York Times" and the book's title seems to be to give the reader a list of people he or she can do something about.  That seems to imply that the author wants to do something against all the people he hates.  If the author really cared about his country and its citizens he would go to the US Congress and write a positive negative review: the book is boring and I was not able to finish it.  I am not sure what he means by "homophobic" since homosexuals have been out in the open for a long time.  Instead I recommend another book by a different author, who can give you a different point of view.  Also, if anyone can give a positive evaluation about this book, please do so in a positive way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to find some new information for my book, and I thought I was in for a treat when I read this book.  However, I was sorely disappointed when I realized the author had no idea what he was talking about.  The whole book seemed like a waste of my time.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very depressing book.  There are no characters who are likable, and none of the plot twists really matter.  This book would have been a great book for a teenager to read but for me it was just not entertaining.  I really wish I had read another book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really expected more of this book.  I got it, but the writing style was pretty lame.  The book has an annoying habit of repeating itself.  Don't buy it, unless you want to read a long book that's easy to understand and get to the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm so disappointed in this book. I agree with the other reviews about its length. I would have liked to see more photos, but it's hard to read a book with so much text, without pictures 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's full of errors.  You will not believe some of the mistakes they make.  They seem to be trying to make this book look like a Bible.  The chapters are just way to long.  There are so many wrong ideas.  I am sure you will find some more errors in the book if you are able to stay with it.  It is a shame because it will make many people believe they are right in a negative way.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is extremely hard to read and I cannot see how it is supposed to be helpful. I found the information presented quite confusing. I had to go through the whole book to really understand the different methods of calculating. I also found it hard to understand what the authors meant when they talked about the various equations.  This is a book that I would not recommend for children 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a graduate student and this book is a waste of time.  If you are looking for a quick read on what the bible is all about, I suggest you look elsewhere.  This book was poorly written and was almost entirely irrelevant.  It's best to just get a bible study book from the library or from a book store.  There are several books out there that are more detailed and will help you better understand the bible.  I would recommend that you skip this book.  Do not waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very short book, which leaves you with an empty feeling about the story.  I would recommend something longer, but this is just not that.  The plot is very shallow, but it is interesting.  It has a very interesting ending, however, and I am left wondering what could have happened.  This is not an enjoyable book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as a college student in high school. It was very long, I thought it was interesting, but it lacked much of the detail that is necessary for an introduction to Islam.  I would recommend a better book by a more experienced Muslim. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction, the author states that this book is not for those who do not know anything about their own country.  The author is quite correct.  This book lacks some basic understanding of how to deal with the problems of our nation, as well as some basic knowledge of how it got the way it is.  I am glad I did not waste my time with this book.  In many ways, this book resembles some of the writings of the National Socialist Party in the 1920's.  If you do not have any knowledge of the problems we face, this is a great book. If you have some knowledge, however, be very careful what you read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the other reviews, and I must say that it's a tough read, if you're not familiar with the details of the story. If you're already familiar with those details, then I wouldn't say this book is too long, but it definitely isn't for new readers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the negative reviews about this book.  The premise of this book is to debunk "Big Pharma" and its alleged connection to chronic illness.  I found it interesting to see how the anti-Big Pharma crusade is being fought in the pages of the New England Journal.  Unfortunately, however, the book has too many factual errors to be considered reliable.  In addition to the obvious errors in the book, the author's style is too formal and technical.  His conclusion is often wrong and is therefore unwise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are a few ideas in this book that I agree with, but most of the concepts are very strange.  It would be better to skip this book.  I really wish I had read some of the work by James Tabor.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mixture of myth and misinformation.  I think it is a case of people who read the book are not well versed in the law of the land.  They will find some of the laws mentioned in the book to be unconstitutional and thus could be guilty of perjury or violating other laws.  But there are other laws in the constitution which are not mentioned in this book.  The book also contains some of what I call "Bunk" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very hard read.  It is quite hard to follow and sometimes very confusing.  The story line is confusing, the character development is not enough and the ending is quite unsatisfying.  I will not read this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with all the previous reviews.  The story of a bad electronic device is not as exciting as the book suggested.  I wish I had read the book first.  It took me longer to finish this one than I would have liked.  What a waste of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very disjointed and not worth reading.  The author makes some good points, but there is no point in reading this book unless you have a particular interest in either Russian history or espionage.  I did not have any interest in the subject of Russian espionage, so I did skip the book altogether.  It was also a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just a way to sell books to college kids. I mean really. What a waste of time and money. The book is just an advertisement for the author's book. I really wanted to learn how to make money and save it, but I was left out in the cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of the thoughts of the author. I had no idea the author had been a psychologist. The first half of the book is essentially his personal problems. I found this to be somewhat boring. The second half is the autobiography, which I found to be very slow-paced and a little dull. The author mentions women, but they are only mentioned briefly. The book has no real plot. I have read some of his other books and I was not impressed with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will admit that I was surprised by this book.  I am a professional journalist who has had several books published, and I have read many books before this one.  However, this was a completely different book. I was totally disheartened.  If this was all the author knew how to write, he could have been a professional writer.  He didn't.  The writing was not even close to good.  What made this book so disappointing is the fact that the author clearly did not know what he was talking about.  His writing is so riddled with errors, and he can't even be bothered to correct them.  So, I was completely disheartening.  And I was not the only one. The book also had several reviewers say that the book had some very good points.  It does, but it is a farce.  This book will be one that I don't waste my time on.  My advice to anyone looking at this book is not to waste their time on it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I am honest I thought I was going to have a good book on this topic.  However the author did not follow the book that was given to him by the editors.  This book is not a guide to handling an animal in the first place.  I think he should have been more realistic in his recommendations.  His book does not address the issue of animal cruelty and I feel that he should be more aware of the fact that his words would offend many.  It is hard to believe that the author of this book has not seen the abuse that animals suffer in the states and that he could not have been influenced by the fact.  He seems to think that the only way to address the abuse is to shoot animals that are not domesticated or inhumanely treated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a book report, and I hated it!  If you are looking for something to help you prepare for your interview with a prospective employer, this is the book for you.  The book is not a practical guide.  Don't waste your time.  It's a waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of wasted pages.  I think if you really want to know what is going on in the United States of America, this is a good book for you to read.  But I found it very boring.  What did I learn from it?  Nothing.  Why bother?  Because it is so long and boring.It is not at all clear that the book authors are actually concerned about the economic policies of the United State, much less the American people.  Their entire approach is based on the concept of the "American Dream", a concept that has no basis in reality.  It is really a dream for a wealthy and educated elite.  If you want to see the real America, then read this book and see if the author gives you a clue 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book, I found it very confusing and boring. I would not recommend this book for any new readers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read the first two books, then I suggest not reading this. I find the premise that we need to look at other cultures' religious beliefs as "racist" and "homophobic" and that the main characters in the first book were "homosexual" and the main character in the second book was "gay" are not supported by the evidence.  The author's opinions on sexuality and other social   issues are too far to the left and she seems to have lost the plot.  If the author were serious she would have been willing to take some of the suggestions I have made and written a more objective and less preachy book.  Her only reason for writing this book is that she has money and her publisher allowed her to.  A book on how to become a religious fundamentalist and the evils of feminism, I'm sure that would be much better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at the age of 12.  It was very frustrating.  I didn't like it.  If you want to know how to cook and have the most basic of ingredients, read a book on how to make your own macaroni and cheese.  Otherwise, this book will be very helpful, but if you want a deep understanding of the ingredients, I would recommend other recipes.  This book is a waste of money and I don't recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a hard time getting through this book. I don't have the patience for it. It's not interesting and the main character, Chris, is a total bore.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of reviewers have mentioned the absence of a proper introduction, so I'll give it a try.  I was hoping for something more comprehensive, but unfortunately this book is all too short.  The only thing that is required to get into the author's world is a basic understanding of basic concepts in physics, and a willingness to do a little work.  There are a couple of very simple physics concepts that are glossed over in the book, such as the concept of a "black hole" (for those that don't know, a black hole is a region of space that no light can escape from and therefore is a vacuum) and the concept that a photon can only go faster than a light year.  If this book were a real book, it would have been hard to find out what the author was trying to do.  This is a case of self promotion - this is a very impressive author, and if this book was written by someone who truly understood physics, I would not have been disappointed.  It is clear that this is not the case.  Instead of trying to present his physics in depth, the author uses a "big picture" approach - in other words, he only discusses a few things, and they are extremely simplistic.  He also gives us the wrong answer to a problem that is very difficult to understand, and instead of an answer, he tries to sell us a vague concept.  To me, this is what you call an "overly simplified" book.  Overall, I was disappointed, but the book does have some good points, so if you like books with a "Big Picture" approach, this would be a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read any of this series, please do yourself a favor and do some research and then go back and read them all.  If they are as entertaining as this one, I'm sure you'll be a lot more entertained.  The premise is great, the characters are bland and one dimensional and the writing is not too smart.  You get a lot of clues to the characters' lives but no real information.  I'd skip this one if you are not familiar with the characters or the books.  It is definitely not for the new reader, I'd recommend reading something by Kate Elliott or Donna Tart a little later.  Overall, I gave it a 2 star review because it's interesting but if you like the series, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very shallow book. I think this is the reason the book got so much attention.  The characters were interesting, but the story lacked the plot to justify its popularity.  I also had to suffer through the "conversation" between the two main characters which I thought was contrived.  It was actually a lot more interesting than the book's premise suggested.  If you're looking for a new novel, I would suggest something with a plot that's more challenging to read.  Don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As an avid book reader, I was thoroughly disappointed in this book. I am not a fan of books about the death of a baby, so I expected this book to be more informative than it was. In fact, I found it rather confusing, with a few pieces of information I did not understand. The author was also over-exaggerating in his descriptions of the death. Some people are just very sensitive to being called "irresponsible" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was nothing but boring.  It could have been shorter, as it had nothing that was original.  The writing was very repetitive and not really interesting.  I would recommend reading the other books from this series first 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of the book is misleading, the book has no connection to any actual historical events, but is a collection of vague and pointless statements which, without any context or explanation, are considered to be historical facts.The text is a mess and the author fails to explain anything in a logical way, with little more than vague statements which have no relation to anything in real life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  It was very slow to get into the story.  I was expecting the next volume in the series, but instead got another story with much less depth.  In my opinion, the author did not do his research.  We know that the author had access to the documents that were in the book, and it is therefore reasonable to expect that he could have added a few pages to the story to make it more interesting.  He did not.  There were so many holes in the story that I was wondering if I would have to finish the book before it could be published.  If this is the best the author can do, he needs to do better.  The author's lack of research will only cause a more disappointing end to the series.  What we have is not a good book, but it will be remembered as a bad one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not help the reader to understand the complexities of the drug laws. There is a lot of info that does not have a direct impact on the law itself.  If you want to know what is legal, read the book on the subject.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book, and the majority of it is the same old "quotes" I have seen on the net.  What I have learned from this book is that if you want to write a positive review about something, this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In a book titled "The Unauthorized Life of a Superstar", Vince Ferragamo appears to have been given too much credit for being the most famous person in the world. He appears to be in fact an imbecile.  I would not suggest anyone read this book unless they are prepared to believe everything Ferragamos says.  He makes up a great deal of nonsense and lies, which is very annoying.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the beginning of the book, I thought it was a nice, light read. I had no idea what the author was talking about.  The book became a bore, especially the later chapters.  I have been toying with my copy and am going to reread it.  This book has some good ideas.  However, the plot is too contrived and unrealistic for me to read it.The ending is a bit much for me.  Don't waste your time.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boring story. If you don't know much about the real life of Joseph Smith and his polygamy, this book will make you wonder if this story is true 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very boring and repetitive. I don't understand how this book could have been published as a first book.  It was written in 1978.  I am sure it would have been better as a second or third book, but that is just my opinion 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting, but it was a lot too short.  I wanted to know more about what makes people unhappy, but I kept wanting to know what makes some people happy.  Perhaps it is the book's length, but the author could have been more concise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book before, and it was a very different book.  I expected a little more depth in the story.  A lot of it was very boring.  Not much point to this book if you are looking for an easy read.  It's a long book, and very hard to read if you don't want to get lost in the characters.  If you are interested in the "who are they?" question, I would wait for the sequel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read this book for my high school biology class, but the plot was so boring and the information was so vague.  If I could have been a bit more in-depth in my class, I would have been much better at this book.  This book has all the hallmarks of an elementary school textbook.  It is not easy reading.  There are not enough explanations.  The information is not always complete, and the diagrams and photos are sometimes not very clear.  I wouldn't suggest this book as a high school book, however, because it will scare away any interested student, but it could be useful for college students. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't have much to say about this book other than I thought it was overrated and I was surprised the publisher allowed it to be published.  If anyone has a copy of this, please don't waste your time on this.  I really don't see any reason to read it.  The author spends more time bashing the previous book than anything else.  He makes some very strange arguments and I don"t agree with any of them.  It was a chore to get through this book and I'm glad I read it, but I can't recommend it.I give it a 4/10 because it's a nice read and I enjoyed reading it, and I do think it has some good ideas.  But I wouldn't waste my time on it.It's not really a book for those of us who aren't interested in political history, and it doesn't offer much in the way of a clear-cut guide to what you want to read on a political issue.   I can tell you what I think of the book and you can decide for yourself if you want it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several books that I thought were excellent, but I didn't want to waste my time reading this one. I kept thinking "is this just a rehash of the old stories?" until I saw the title. I'm glad I read this before I bought the book. If you like this kind of book, don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a very high level of ignorance.  It's not about the economy.  What it is is a case study of the history of economic theory.  The problem is that economics is a theory, not an economic fact.  For instance, there is no economic reason why the Federal Reserve is necessary or why it should exist 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was more a list of ways to improve your sex life than it was a guide to real love. I'm sure the author had a very high opinion of his own, but I wish he had given us some real ideas.  The book was written by an author who could not be bothered to make an actual book about real love and real relationships.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book was extremely slow going, and the second half was a complete waste of time.  The story was confusing and the characters were one dimensional, uninteresting, and repetitive.  If you want a quick read, skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is true that the book covers a wide range of topics and that some of the writing is interesting.  However, there are a lot of spelling mistakes.  Also, there is not enough information on the basic principles of economics.  The book was intended for an undergrad level class.  It seems to be a textbook from the seventies.  I wouldn't recommend this book for anyone interested in economics 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story revolves around an ill man.  But I'm afraid there isn't much evidence to back up the claim that this is true.  The characters seem to have a hard time distinguishing the real from the imagined.  One character, for example, goes to an auction to buy a real book and thinks it is an ill person's book.  I was disappointed in the story and I had to skip over it.  There are some excellent descriptions but there were many parts that were hard to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author writes in a very technical style. I do not know how much he knows about the subject matter or the way that the government operates. The book could have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book before and it was awful.  There were some interesting and good ideas in it, but it was full of clichs.  I'm sorry to say it, this was my second reading of this book.  It was a waste of my time.  Don't waste your money on this book, it is not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with all of the claims in this book.  I am, however, in agreement with the other reviewers, who suggest the book is "a good book for those who are new to Buddhism, and a good book to read for those interested in Buddhist philosophy".  It is, however...an interesting read for an experienced Buddhist, or for someone who is curious.  However, it is not a book that is worth your time, or that I would recommend to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a poorly written book.  I'm a big fan of all books by James Patterson, but this one was absolutely atrocious.  The story is interesting and the characters are all interesting and have a lot of room to develop.  But the writing itself is quite uninspiring.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't want to review this book at all, because it's a horrible book.  It's a complete waste of time.  A few pages were interesting, but not nearly enough to justify the amount of money it costs.  I would have avoided this book completely if I had any idea what I was getting into 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a complete mess.  It is full of pointless rambling, useless quips and pointless facts.  The characters are almost all shallow, whiny and vapid.  If you want a book on self improvement, I suggest read some of the articles on this website.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off with a nice introduction to the book, but then gets lost in the details and is over-long.  It is an attempt to explain how the Roman Empire grew to the largest empire in the world, but it doesn't go into enough detail to actually explain how it actually worked.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  If you are looking for an explanation of how the Empire actually worked, you can read the Encyclopedia Britannica 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not well known in the US. His book, which is very short and confusing, and is full of grammatical errors, was published in 2003. I cannot imagine how much work went into the translation. In this book, all the words in English are translated from Latin. In fact, there is no Latin in the book.  I do not think the book is useful for learning Latin.  It is hard to know how the author translates and the book lacks the Latin vocabulary. The grammar and vocabulary in the translation is very difficult.   I wish this book was better written and I did not waste my money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book will give you no idea of the author's actual beliefs or opinions. I wish it had been written by someone else, or maybe someone with a more positive outlook. This book does not give you the sense that the author really cares about the environment, or the importance of sustainable living. In fact, it seems to be an attempt to use scare tactics to get the reader to buy a book, and make them more fearful of anything that is environmentally friendly. It's a cheap way to sell books. If you want to learn about sustainable living, I would recommend The Green Book by David Allen, who also is the author of the best book on the subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be more or less a dry list of the names of the major German players to have played with the Nazis. The text also gives the impression that these players were only able to compete with each other, not with the Soviets.  For example, Hitler's uncle Heinrich was the director of the German army's concentration camp system. The book also lacks information about the other players that were also in the Nazi camp system, such as SS-Obersturmbannfhrer John Demjanjuk, who was the camp commander of the Buchenwald camp, and SS-Rosenberg camp commander Franz Stangl.The book also has a number of errors and omissions.  It gives the false impression that all the players had to be killed to make the Nazi state safe.  Finally, it contains several inaccuracies.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I read this book, I became convinced that it is all in the details.  A typical book would contain about 20 pages that detail how to make the perfect breakfast (which I have been known to do at least twice a week), then another 20 pages of recipes and instructions for breakfast (mostly involving eggs, bacon and oatmeal).  After reading the book and having made some wonderful breakfast recipes, I found it all to be a bit over the top.  In addition, the book lacks in detail as to the "how to" of making the recipes.  Instead of focusing on the basics, the author simply tells you how to do things.  I am not one to turn down a good book, but this one left me wanting for a more detailed book that would focus more on the "why" of the recipes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very dull. It's like the author's favorite story is the "The Cat of Death", but the story is about an elderly woman with Alzheimer's, who was kept in her home by her husband and son.  The book lacks detail and the author seems to have had no idea what she was talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is filled with a plethora of irrelevant facts, and I have no idea what is really going on.  I would not recommend this book for anyone to read.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very depressing book.  I have been reading some of the other reviews and I agree.  It is a depressing story.  One of the characters is a junkie and he is portrayed as being somewhat more like an addict than a human being.  This book really made me feel  like I could go to the end of the earth without knowing how the story was going to end.  Unfortunately the book was written in 1987 and I am not sure how much of it was true.  The plot and some of what happened to some of these characters are certainly farfetched, however I was never really sure what happened 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of unnecessary detail and repetition.  I had to keep reading the first 5 chapters just to catch up.  The last 1/4 of the book was boring and repetitive.  If you want to learn the basics of building a home with a few simple tools, this book will help you.  Otherwise, read another book that does the same thing and save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea where this book is coming from, and I don't want to be led by the book to a belief that he is an expert in this subject.  I just want to know what the hell the author is thinking.   I read a few chapters and am still at a loss.  His theory that the Bible is a "universal book" based on the Hebrew text is laughable.  The book seems to me to be a continuation of his work with "The Bible and Science".  I am very disappointed in this book and the author of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to cover all the major concepts in the book, but fails miserably.  This book is mostly an explanation of the generalities of the concepts.  I find it hard to believe this book could be the first book in the history of science to be published without an introduction to concepts such as the atomic nucleus, or the idea of "electron".  The book does not mention the concepts that are the most important in the field of physics, such as quantum mechanics, or any ideas that have advanced the field.  It also does not cover basic topics such as gravitation, or atomic structure, or even the theory of atoms, which is an essential part of the theory in particle physics.  The reason why this book is a bad first book is because it is so very long.  If you want to learn about quantum mechanics or the concept of the atom, this book will do a great job.  But if you are a student of chemistry, physics, or math, you will be very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read about how to start a business or sell a good electronic device, this book is a wonderful resource.  If this is all that your looking for, you will be disappointed.  I am not saying that because I do not understand the business.  It is because I have a degree in business administration.  The book assumes the reader is in the same situation as the author, and does not provide much guidance 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is interesting and not as dull as the rest of his work. But the book is not well organized and the ending is a bit confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As much as I agree with Mr. Jakes' premise that we are in the midst of an economic crisis, I am absolutely appalled at this book's title. What kind of a title is this? I think the title could be more appropriate to the more scholarly book, The Crisis in Europe 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total joke.  I read this book as an undergrad in the early 1990s and have never been able to put it down.  The only thing I could take from it was that it would provide some insights into the way I think.  There are few real answers in the book and the author gives no explanation as to why he gives no answers.  It is a joke.The book also has no idea what a negative book is supposed to be like.  In fact, I am embarrassed to admit that I bought this book when I was in high school.  You have to read this one, just to get some information on how to deal with your parents.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, you will see many of the "facts" on the back of the book.  I have no doubt there is a ton of information on the internet, but this book really lacks the information needed to make it informative 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read this book for the money to stay at a fancy hotel and I thought it was worth it because it was an interesting story but it really wasn't.  The characters were just not believable.  There was very little romance.  If you are looking for a romance read the book about a book by Elizabeth Bennet instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book difficult to finish.  It reads as a "how-to" book, but not an "in-depth" book.  You'll have to spend an hour or so reading this to get the "inside" of the company that runs the state of Israel.  If you do, then I guess it's a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has a few of interesting ideas and observations but nothing that will keep you in the reader's interest 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be incredibly boring and unappealing.  It had very little info on the history of the Russian empire.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say this book was disappointing.  The characters were dull, the plot was boring and the plotlines were not really that exciting.  This book was not very educational, however the book is a collection of fairy tales.  If you don't like fairy tales this book is for you.  I would not recommend this book to anyone who likes reading fairy tales 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very disappointing book. I found it to be a very boring, overly simplified, and unhistorical account of the American Revolution. The main problem is that the author is not very well informed. I really cannot believe the amount of time and effort he put into researching his work.  He could have done better research and saved a lot of time if he had actually read a book written by a historian 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure the book's name will help you, but I don't think anyone really needs the book.  I would much rather see more interesting books from the authors' own personal journals.  If you like to read books by Stephen King, or any other scary author, this book is for you, and you can get the book for about 20 dollars on Amazon, but there are plenty of books out there that are equally scary.  Don't waste your money on this book, and save it for something more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to believe that so many of the reviewers here are still in school, yet I read it in a month and was shocked that it was so bad.  It seems like it would have been an easier read if it were longer, but it really is not.  I would recommend if you are looking for a cheap and short book.  Don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I mentioned in the book review for the book: it is a very strange book to read.  It is a book written by a psychologist and based on his theory.  But it has nothing to do with the actual subject.  The book has a few paragraphs that have been paraphrased from various sources  but not all.  I was also very disappointed with the cover of the book.  Perhaps I am an odd one, because I really enjoyed the book on "The Psychology of Positive Thinking".  But the book with this title seems more like a self-help book that focuses on the positive aspects of life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewers on this one. The book lacks any real plot and most of the characters have no development. There are too many characters in too little time. I have read many books written by other authors and I have to say that this book was no different. The plot was very boring. I was just looking for more information. I'm glad it is over for now but I am sure it will come back in another form 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read the book or seen the movie "The Wolfman", this book is for you. If you've seen the film, it is very similar to the book. If this book was a good book, I'd be very disappointed in the movie, but the movie is a horrible book.  It is very hard to follow the plot and the characters don't have enough motivation.  I'm not sure how they are supposed to feel about the wolfman.  The author is very pretentious.  He seems to be very angry and I would not be surprised if he was actually being a psychopath.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what to say about this book. It is full of pointless, pointless facts. I am afraid that the book could be more useful to someone who knows more about the subject than the author.  If you want a book on a subject not known by most Americans, please buy another.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it's a great book, but I was not a fan of the plot.  It was too long.  I don't know if it was the characters or the writing, but it definitely was not for me.  If I had to choose a favorite, it would be the characters.  They were a lot more interesting than the plot, which was very bland and I found boring.  My second favorite character was Mr. Bessie.  The plot was a little too simplistic and I think I wouldn't like it if it had more plot. I have no problem with the book, and I'm sure I'm not the only person who didn't like this book.  But if you like the book and you think the plot is cool and it is worth reading, I would advise against this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot, for the most part, is boring and predictable. The characters are uninteresting.  I would not recommend this book for anyone who enjoys reading historical fiction.  The writing is sloppy and lacks coherence, and the plot is certainly not gripping.  If you are a serious student of history, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed with this book.  I would recommend you not to read this book unless you are willing to be a complete fool and believe everything in it.  If you have read some of the previous reviews in this series, you will know how much I dislike this book because it is full of stupid ideas, and it would be better for you to ignore this book and go on with your life.  It is a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book. I don't like it.  I think it's more interesting if you get to know the people who are writing this.  If you are a reader of a memoir book and you are not familiar with the lives of the authors, the book will be difficult to understand.  It is a little more informative if you know the names and places.  The author was an editor at an American magazine and his family members were all very well known.  But he did not provide enough detail to understand what the people were really like.  Some people were very well read and had wonderful memories, but I did not really get to see their everyday lives.  What is the point of this book?  I guess it would be a "coming-of-age" book.  And I think there are other books that can help us see the world through the eyes of older generations 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are several points to be raised here, but the main one is the fact that this book was written in 1983.  How was it that a book published in 1978 (The Unauthorized Biography of John Lennon) did not have the same themes as this one?  I thought this book might have been a follow-up to the author's earlier work, John Lennon: The Untouchable, which also has a lot of similarities with the theme of 'celebrity' in the first chapter.  I was so disappointed in this book that I had to read the first half of the second chapter and leave the rest out.  The first half was a mixture of personal biography, theories about John Lennon and the Beatles and some of the songs and songs from the Beatles.  If you want to read a great book, I would suggest John Lennon.  You won't be disappointed with this book, but it is not the Beatles book you are looking for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disapointed with this book. I do not believe there are any lessons in here.  I will not be re-reading it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not like this book.  I thought it was a waste of money.  It did not help my understanding of the "Big Law" process.  My main complaint is that it did not make sense.  If you want to understand the "big law," read some other books.  Otherwise, go for a quick and dirty summary of the process.This book could have been written by anyone.  But it is a waste and a disappointment to the lawyers I am working with 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not funny, it's not interesting, and it's just plain boring.  And it doesn't even make sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives away all the spoilers on the next book.  The plot is weak and it does not develop the characters much.  He seems to like to make it as hard as possible to find out who the bad guys are.  It also seems that he doesn't like to write horror stories, so it seems like he could have used some horror elements to help the plot.  There are some really lame and clichd characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very interesting book, but the writing style is quite clumsy. The book could have been much more descriptive, and the author should have included some information on the origins of certain cultures.  The book also has a couple of interesting facts that are not as obvious, but I doubt it will interest many readers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of interesting and interesting concepts are put forth in this book, but the book is really lacking in the actual content.  The book also makes it hard to see how much it actually teaches.  I really wish the author would take a more serious look at his subject matter.  This book does a disservice to his students, as the concepts and ideas presented here are very simple.  If you want a comprehensive book on the theory and practice of quantum mechanics, I would suggest the book by Niles Sternberg.  As an aside, I really thought that Sternberg was an expert on this topic.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very dissapointed by this book. I thought it was interesting but it seemed to be more about the authors and not the book itself.    I don't really have the time to waste reading a book like this.  I'll see if I can get another one, but I doubt I will like it as much as this one.  If you want to read something new, I suggest a book from the Penguin Press or an online book, both of which are excellent, but don't waste your time with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think I've seen all of the "how to" books that are available to the general public.  This book seems to be the worst, not only because it's not very comprehensive but also because it is written by a chiropractor.  I was very disappointed in this book.  It is filled with the typical advice to patients without any specific guidelines on what to do and how to do it.  Patients should see a doctor if they have any pain, not a chiropractic doctor.  They should see another doctor if there is no relief from their pain, if they want to get rid of their symptoms and stop their doctor's visits.  The book is confusing, not to mention, it does not mention any references 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be trying to sell a couple of books for college students. The first one, "Roots, Legend, and the Making of a Native American Race", was interesting, but the second, "The Native American Experience", was more shallow and boring.  I have a feeling the editors did not know what they were doing.  Don't buy this book.  It will only confuse you.  The only thing it will teach you is how to write a negative book, and maybe to get a better book in the future.  If you are interested in Native American studies, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off with a lot of hype and then it gets repetitive and boring. The story of how Jesus' resurrection really happened is also repeated, which is not that exciting. The book also has a lot to say about how people should be saved. There are some interesting points in there, but the whole book just gets repetitive. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was the best book I have read in the past several years.  But after reading some of the other reviews on this book, I realized it is not.  I agree with others that the story was not interesting enough, and the characters were not believable enough.  The ending was too abrupt and unsatisfying.  Overall, it was a very disappointing read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the books and reviews on this book. I was really expecting more, since it was published in 2004. I found it to be a very dry book. The only positive review I can give it is the "Aquarium: A Biographical Essay" by the author, which is a good book. However, the book on the cover and the book itself were very different. The author used the word "dwarf" in describing his dwarf. It was a mistake.  The book was full of typos. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a sad book that I will not be reading, as the author does not seem to know what he is talking about.  I found the book to be extremely boring, and the chapters are not even that long.  It will be a disappointment to see this book end up in the hands of anyone other than the children, which is what I have seen in many of the other books I have read by Mr. King.  The author also claims to have written a "Newbery-winning novel" which I can't really say, given that I have not read the entire thing, only the first chapter.  There is also the fact that he states that the book is about "the true life of Christ."  I will have to wait to see if Mr.King can write a better book.  If I read any more of his books, I will be sure to read them by the children.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think most people will agree with me when I say this is a poor book.  I was very disapointed in it.  It is very long and I found it hard to get through.  Not that I had any difficulty with it.I don't think it would be fair to read it again because of the book's title.  The main character, Randal, was a man I really did not like.  He was an alcoholic, and I do not like an alcoholic.  There was no character development or any development of the plot.  Overall, it was not worth it for the reader to read this book.I also found the writing style a little hard to read.  For example, the first page of the first chapter was so long that I kept looking up the definition of "quotation marks" to see if I could make it shorter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a long book, but the plot is so predictable and the characters are boring.  I was disappointed, not in the book itself, but in the way the author put together it.  The characters have all kinds of flaws and flaws are very common in this book.  You will be looking at them forever.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a classic example of how a writer can be so sloppy in the execution of his or her work.  I am a very conservative person, but I would not have recommended this book for anyone who does not have a background in theology.  There are numerous examples throughout the book where the author's bias towards certain religions is very obvious.  The only reason this book got the rating I did is because it has become popular among evangelical Christian readers and the author has an excellent track record at producing "authoritative" Christian literature.  If you do not know much about this subject, I strongly recommend you go to a good book: The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe this book.  I've read some of the reviews on the book, and I'm so glad they're right.  It's a shame that the author thinks he can write a positive review about something good: the book was entertaining and the author was very entertaining, but it really lacked anything substantive.  There was no plot, no real character development, and the ending was a bit confusing.  In my opinion, this book is a bad idea for a first book for an adult reader 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised to find this book as being a true representation of the truth, however I am still not so sure as it was written. It is a very shallow look at the "problem" of homosexuality in modern times, and has the potential to alienate readers with a bias.  This is a shame, as I know that it was the first of many attempts to tackle this question in Western societies, and the results of which were a positive change.  The author also seems to be ignorant of the fact that many people in Western countries live with this issue because they themselves were bullied or have relatives who were bullied 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very hard to follow and I am not sure how it could be any more difficult. I don't think I would have found the information here to be very helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a collection of ideas and concepts for how to solve a problem. Most of them are flawed and ineffective.  It would be better if the authors had tried to provide a few concrete examples 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is long and confusing. The book doesn't provide the answers.  It is very difficult to figure out the answers to the questions.  The book could be useful for anyone who wants to know the answers but doesn't want to be overly complicated. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a Christian who has been reading Christian literature for any length of time, you will have learned that this is the gospel.  It is not.  I would like to know what Mr. Wright is thinking when he tells Christians that their beliefs are so "true" and "biblical" that they must take their beliefs so seriously that they are willing to kill and be killed for their beliefs.  The problem is that he never explains why, and he never provides an example of why it is so "brave" and so "in your face" to kill innocent people who are not hurting you.  In his opinion, a life for a life is a life.  He has no interest in a non-Christian life, and the reader of his book may be left with the impression that Christians can take it for granted that they will never be killed by non-Christians 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very misleading.  The book states that the author was a professor in a medical school.  However, this professor, Dr. George A. Smith, is actually the owner and president of a chiropractic college.  Dr. Smith was fired from his position in 1999, and it is unknown whether he still has any affiliation with the school. The book also states that he was a consultant for the FDA in 1996.  But as a medical student in 1964, Dr Smith actually had a full-time job as a drug and alcohol counselor at the University of Texas Health Science Center.The book contains the most misleading information I have ever seen.  For instance, the author states that Dr. Samara B. Smith's mother, Ann, is a neurologist.  Actually, Ann Smith is a doctor, and her mother, Mary B. D. Smith (Dr. Samaran's grandmother), was an optometrist.  A chiropractor, Dr Samaran, had his own son, John Samaran Smith, as a student in 1963.  John Samarin was a student at the same school in 1966.  He then graduated from the University College of Medicine in 1967.  I also read that Dr Samarin had an internship at a large hospital.  Not true.  In 1961, Dr J. Richard O'Connor, who was the head of the surgery department, had an intern at the hospital.Dr Samaran was not a surgeon at all.  It is highly possible that the hospital he worked at was in fact a chiropractor's office.  This is a real book, and I was looking for an honest book.  There are many other chiropractors out there with more credibility.  If you are looking for a book with accurate information, I suggest the book "The Chiropractic Health System."  The first chapter is entitled "Chiropractics in the United States."  There is a large chiropracture library that is full of chiropractics that are not properly treated. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is obviously a fan of the movie.  However, I find the book to be overly simplistic.  The main plot is to make money, not a true life story.  I found the story boring, as I expected to see a real story of a woman with cancer who went through chemotherapy.  Instead, we see a plot line that makes it seem like cancer was a "gift" to this woman.  And the whole book just feels like an attempt at making a money-making book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot, for the most part, is nothing special.  The characters are flat and boring.  A few characters have some semblance of depth, but most of the plot is pretty shallow.  Some readers may find this somewhat amusing, but I did not.  This book, as the title suggests, is not a biography, nor is it a biography of a person.  It is simply a book about a murderer.  If you want a more detailed, in depth look into this story, read a more recent book: The Making of the Mobster by Sam Purtick.  I would not recommend this book to anyone, however.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the reviews and reviews and have to say I was disappointed.  I think I was expecting something more from a novel of this magnitude.  But it was not a bad novel, it was just a very slow read.  If you are looking for something to read, please pick up a good book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book. I am an avid reader and I thought I would be able to find a book that would have been interesting to read.  But this one is not.  It's very dry and boring.  I do not like books that try to explain away why they are popular.  This book does a poor job of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a book to be a little less confusing and easier to understand, try "The Complete Guide to Business Computers" by Thomas Watson, Jr. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has made the book a complete joke. The book seems to have been written for the sole purpose of making a quick buck. It is a book that would be laughed at by anyone with any real education in psychology.  If you don't believe me, go back and read the reviews for other books written by Dr. Sigmund Freud. The ones written by Sigmunda and Dr. John Money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I could give it less stars, I would, because the title, and the first paragraph, were confusing to me.  I mean, the "why" questions are so much more important.  If you want to know how the mafia got into business, just think about the money laundering.  In other words, this book was for those who are interested in that topic.  But there is little that is useful, and a lot that is boring.  Maybe the next one will be better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written by a man who is not qualified to write it. I'm sure he has no idea what he's talking about, and he could just as easily have written a negative book about something he knows nothing about.  Don't waste your money on this book, because it will not help you any.  It's just another example of someone who has no business writing about anything.  If you really want to know what is happening in the world, look at the book called "The Real Estate Handbook" by Warren and John Moseley, or "The World's Most Expensive Real Estate Investment" by Steven Nardone.  I'm not going to waste my money on another of this book's writers.  Good book for a quick read, but I would not waste my time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn more about some of the most popular myths in America, read this book.  I didn't find any real information.  It is not a book that is easy to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like reading books like this. It seems to be full of nothing but clichs. It's just boring and boring. I can't wait for the next installment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a parent of a young girl, you will be shocked to see how much this book is about sex. The authors do not address this at all.  The most disturbing part of this book was the section on masturbation.  If your kids are not interested in sex, you may want to avoid this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a mess. It seemed to be an attempt to get the reader to feel sympathy for the poor unfortunate children in the Congo.  It was almost a pity that there was no pictures or mention of any real victims of the genocide 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with others who say that this book is a waste of time and could benefit from a second reading. The first half of the book covers the basics of writing negative review.   It provides basic tips to avoid getting sued, but the main problem I have with this book, aside from the obvious obviousness, is the way it portrays the writer as being overly critical.  I was never satisfied with the way Mr. Rieger depicted his own work.  The author seemed to feel that the reason why some of his reviews weren't as positive as they could have been was because of the writer's personal problems, such as the writer being a sex addict.  That is a very strange way to write a positive review about something that is supposed to be a positive book.  There are plenty of negative reviews out there that do not reflect the book's positive qualities, but I'm not convinced that this is one of them.  It does give you some ideas for what you could do to improve your writing.  But the most important advice I can give you is not to read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was very hard for me to finish this. It started off so great, but as I got to the end I found it boring and tedious.  I really wish this book had not been written by a woman.  As a man I found the book very interesting and a great read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to say that I really enjoyed the book, but it did not help me understand the subject.  I have a friend who is an expert on this subject and I was hoping to get more information from her.  She is also very frustrated because I kept getting sidetracked on the question of whether I should buy this book or not.  Her advice to me was that I should just read the summary of all the books I could find and come back to it later 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't even know where to start in this one. It's like it was written for a different book. The main character, David, spends time with his girlfriend and her new husband, Charlie, and then David is arrested for a murder that Charlie doesn't commit. David is the only witness to the crime. The rest of the story consists of Charlie and David's attempt to find out what really happened, and what they know is that Charlie was in a relationship with a woman, Karen. David gets an idea to frame Karen as the killer and frame Karen's new boyfriend, Matt, for the crime as well. David goes so far as to kill Matt's father.  It's almost as if David just wanted to see Charlie dead for no reason at all, and when Charlie is killed it's as if it was David's plan all along. There are so many loose ends and plot holes that it becomes hard to believe that there really is an author behind this book. If you want a more serious, thoughtful, thought-provoking book then I would suggest "Mort the Mob", by the late Christopher Hitchens, who did the same with his own. It has some great insights and is a great book. I suggest reading "The Devil's Dictionary", by Ted Conigliaro, who wrote the book about the Bible. It is more difficult, and more well-written, but is also far more in depth 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting.  The chapters were short and not very interesting. I wish the author would write more.  It seemed as if he was trying to write an encyclopedia.  There are many typos and errors in the book.  I am a college student, not a book expert, but if you want to learn more about the world and its history, I would suggest this book, as it is comprehensive, but not well written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not an expert on this subject. I am, however, familiar with the book, and it has the same problems as most other books on this topic. The author seems to have a bias against Islam, which is evidenced by his choice of titles.  The book's discussion of Sharia law is a complete misnomer as Sharia law does not apply to non-Muslims 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed. I expected more from a book on how to start a business.  I expected it to be informative and simple to follow.  Instead, the book is dense and technical, and the book authors don't explain why they are doing what they are.  The book is mostly an advertisement for some book of the same name.  If you want to start an online business or start a small business with no financial backing, I suggest you check out this book first.  This book, and others like it, are misleading because they make it seem like it is easy to start and run a business with few costs.  Don't waste your time on this book.  It is expensive and the information it provides is outdated.  Stay away from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is quite a bit over the top, and the author can be quite a jerk. He can also be very condescending. I would never waste my time reading this book. If you like romance or are looking for a romance book, look elsewhere. If not, stay away from this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a Christian, I have read a few Christian books and this was one of the worst.  I really didn't want to finish this book.  It is a list of the quotes of the Holy Scriptures.  The main purpose of the book is to try and help Christian's understand the Bible.  Instead of doing this the author goes on for pages and pages quoting the Bible and then provides the reader with answers that are completely contrary to the teachings of the Bible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so poorly written and poorly organized.  It does not make much sense.  I would never read it again.  If you are looking for a simple explanation of what the Bible is all about, then read some of the more popular books out there.  This is not that book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a woman and my husband, a male, did not find this book very helpful.  In addition to the many inaccuracies and biases, there is the usual lack of detail.  If you are trying to learn to cook, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has all the right ingredients to make it a great read. However, the story is a total mess.  It is filled with characters that are shallow and unappealing.  They all seem to be more interested in money than in happiness.  All of the characters seem to have an ego, and their lives seem to revolve around money and not the people they meet.  I do not want to read a story that revolves around money.  The ending is also a total disappointment.  There is nothing redeemable in the ending, no reason to finish the book.  If this book had anything else, I would have finished it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be a waste of money to waste time with this book.  He seems to have a very narrow focus in his life, and he doesn't know how to write.  The stories are not very interesting, and there is nothing interesting to say.  If you are looking for a book that will inspire you to take action, look at some of the ideas that have been put forth by the Occupy Movement.  But if you want a book with some entertainment value, try something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I have ever read that contains the words "militant", "proliferation", "terrorist", "terrorism", "chemical", "weapons", "biological", "quarantine", "biodefense", "worry", "danger", "contain", "unsecured", "virus", "disease", "antibiotic", "medicine", "weapon", "fever", "flu", "vaccine", etc. I was very disappointed. It is very difficult to understand the point this book is trying to make 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I do not agree with the premise that the war in Iraq is a "good war" - it is certainly not.  The main problem with the book is its premise that we can get rid of all of the problems that exist in Iraq - which would mean ending the occupation of Iraq and bringing its people under the rule of the United States - by killing all the people in Iraq.  What is missing from this premise is the reality that Iraq, like all countries in the world, is made up of a large number of people with conflicting ideas and beliefs.  So the solution - to kill all the "bad" people in the country - would be for the U.S. to kill everyone.  Not only would this solve the "problem" of the "enemy," but it would solve the problem of "good" Iraqis.  In addition, the "good people" would then be driven to take revenge on the "evil" people, thus destroying the "nation."  And as an aside, this book would also be a disaster if the book's authors had done a research into the nature of the Iraqi people, or if they had even bothered to listen to Iraqis themselves.  One can say all that, but it is what it is.  If you do not like the idea of killing Iraqis, this is a book for you - it may not make you "right" or "wrong," but the book does make you think, "If only they were killed, they wouldn't be fighting each other, they'd just fight the Americans.  A good book is not necessarily a bad one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for an easy read, this book is not for you.  The book was a bit confusing at first.  I found it hard to follow the book.  There was not enough information to make sense of the book and many sections were written so that you could go back and read it all over again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring.  The book is all about how to make money, but you don't learn what real business you are doing, what the customers want, how to handle bad bookkeepers, how you handle business problems, etc.  I am an accountant for a software company and have to write these books every year.  This was a waste of my time.  It is like the other books I read, but worse 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like reading memoirs, especially not autobiographical.  This book is written by a very nice lady, but the writing style and the way the story is told is very disjointed and slow.  I feel as if it was written for an older person, but I am not sure 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read this book. I had to know how to pronounce the names of the book's major characters. I read it cover to cover.  I learned a great deal. I have no idea what the author is talking about, other than the fact that I would be a lot less bored if I had the names right. I thought it was very poorly done.  The plot is very contrived and predictable. The characters are almost entirely unlikable.  All the characters in this book have their flaws.  This book is not a good book.  It is a cheap, short-sighted, derivative, hackwork.  There are only four characters left by the end of the story.  If this is the sort of book you like, maybe read some of his other books.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a former high school teacher, I must say this book is very simplistic. The information is presented in such a vague way that the reader can easily get lost. The chapters are very vague and not as helpful as a typical textbook. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book contains all sorts of lies. I can't even remember what I was thinking at the time.  I'm not going to waste my time on it.  It is really not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A waste of time and money. A horrible book. Not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book lacks the depth and the information that I was expecting. The story is very disjointed. The characters seem to be more flimsy than the book itself. I was very disapointed and left the book unsatisfied. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many biographies and this is by far the worst.  The only positive review I can give is that the author seems to know the facts and names all the important figures of the war, but does not delve into the political background.  I hope the next one is better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's title is a problem.  This is a story of a man who loves his dog so much, he doesn't mind when he dies and the dog is taken away.  I can see why some people might think this is a good book, but I thought it might be a little more subtle if it just focused on the dog.  Instead, the story is just a bit too heavy on the dead dog, with the dog's death being so central to the story.  And what a pity the dog was killed, because that story could have been so much better if the dog wasn't such a great character.  It's an interesting story, but the title and the style of the book make it a little too heavy.  If you like this book, don't read the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book, as I have stated, is not well written. There are few plot twists in the book. There is very little character development, if any. The author gives a number of plot twists only to be spoiled for the readers.  In addition, the plot twists, as in many books, were not that shocking.  However, the author seems to want to create a mystery novel. The mystery that the book is trying to create, and the book could not deliver on.  If the reader is not intrigued by the mystery, the book will not be read.  The story is too slow, too predictable, too simple.  It also lacks the suspense that is expected of mystery novels.  As I stated, the story, in its entirety, was not well developed, and most of the plot points were predictable.  I would recommend this book only to those who are interested in a mystery story.  This book is more like a collection of ideas, not well-written, and not well thought out 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of inaccuracies. One example is that it claims the Buddha's teachings are not to be found in the modern Church, and the book is written by a Christian.  If the Church can claim the teachings of its founder as it has done in this book, then what does it mean when it is called "Christian" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a more realistic book that looked at what was really happening in America.  I would have been surprised to see how much of it was just recycled from previous books and articles.  They are just wrong.  The most recent articles I read seemed to have been written before the election, which is to say, they don't reflect the true situation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a positive review about the book: This book was very disappointing. It is an interesting read for the first time in 20 years. I think the author was in a hurry to get it out, and it really hurt the book. It seemed to me like the author wanted to write a positive book on a good book, but the book seemed to be missing the point. I will not be buying any of his other books for sure 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think that the author was trying to sell the book to people who are already interested in Scientology, and it's a very difficult book to write.  However, I don't think the book was a bad electronic device.  It's very long, and the chapters don't seem to have any logic to them.  In my opinion, the book should have been edited to reflect the actual facts, and there are so many inaccuracies and half-truths that I was really surprised that the book had been published.  I was expecting a lot more from the author, and I was disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  I was very disappointed.  The premise is that I am a Christian who believes the Bible is a true guide for life.  This is so vague and hard to understand.  As someone who also follows some other religions and practices, I felt the book could have been more concise.  There are many examples of the Bible being interpreted differently.  While the author makes a case for it, the prose is quite confusing.  Perhaps the book needed to be expanded to allow the reader to better understand some of the concepts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so long and boring, I wouldn't bother finishing it.  The writing style is very confusing and not very engaging.  There is very little character development and the plot is very slow.  I am very disappointed in the author's decision to have sex scenes in the middle of the book.  He could have skipped those scenes and the story would have been more engaging....
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book for a serious book: This book is a book designed to make a very shallow argument.  It is mostly a rant.  A little more information would have been nice.  I don't recommend it for serious students of the subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book full of clichs and generalities.  I was hoping for something new and original.  The plot was a little confusing and the characters weren't interesting enough.  What is worse is that the book was so expensive that it didn't even have a book cover to go with it.  It looks as if it was a cheap attempt at making money for the author.  There were a few scenes that I thought were supposed to be funny.  Maybe the author was trying to be too funny. The ending was really disappointing.  If you want a book to make you laugh, skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long, dry, boring read.  I will never read this again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book several times and have been greatly disappointed in its content.  One of the things I found most offensive was the fact that Mr. Baxley did not take into consideration the fact of how a woman is viewed in a majority of the Arab countries.  For example, it is a big problem in Egypt to have a woman who is not married, but is in a relationship with a man, or who is living with a male friend.  So, how can the author say that Arab women do not have rights and are considered second class citizens in Egypt?  I am not saying that it is true, but it is very hard to imagine the Arab men being in the same situation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is no mention of the actual science that is needed to understand the Earth's rotation, the atmosphere, and water cycles.  The only thing they touch upon is what people have done for a living.  I wish I had read this book instead of just reading other writers' opinions.  It would have been much better to have read this in the original French, which was a great book, but unfortunately it is now out of print.  This book should not be read.  If you want to read something different, read The End of Nature by Carl Sagan. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never understood how some people can find it acceptable to write a negative book on the Beatles. I will admit, I did a little research on the subject, but I had no idea the extent of the ignorance of the average reader. I guess I expected more from a book on their history. I have to wonder what the book would have been like if it had been written by someone who actually knew the Beatles better. The book itself was a complete waste of time, with several of the chapters being boring and repetitive. I would have much rather read the book by someone more educated. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very dull, uninspiring book.  It reads like the first chapter of a novel.  And it would have been even duller if the author had left out the fact that there are very different ways to live in America, some of which are downright violent.  There are also different ways of getting along with one another.  The authors really ought to have tried to learn something from the "American Dream" movement.  Instead, they have just wasted a lot of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something different, and I didn't really like this one. The characters are mostly boring and the plot is predictable.  I wouldn't recommend this book for anyone who likes reading a detective story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book to improve your knowledge of the history of Japan and the Ryukyu Islands, then this is a good book.  But if you are interested in learning more about Japanese history, then you will want to read a more comprehensive book: "The Samurai", "The Shinto", "the Jomon", "Budo" etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are an avid reader of the book, I suggest you skip this book.  I was hoping that I would see a positive review about it but I was quite disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main premise is that if you take the time to read this book you will find out why your favorite philosopher's were such a big part of the World War II and why he was so important to American history. If you take that time to learn who he was, how he lived, and how he came up with the ideas that are now considered the core of the American Way, then you will see how important his work was. However, if you just pick up this book for the sake of some "history" you will miss out on everything else the book offers. There is no real attempt to write a positive review about anything: if you want to know more about the great thinkers who helped shape the American Nation, read this and then go read the great books on the American Revolution and the Civil War. Don't waste your time on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only good thing I can say about this book is that it contains a few interesting theories.  But there are no references, no examples, no citations.  It would have been more enjoyable if there had been more references and examples.  If you want to know how to design a book that will not offend the sensibilities of your audience, go buy a book by someone who actually knows how to write and design a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I'm being honest I did not know this book existed until after I read the negative reviews on Amazon.  I thought it was a real treatise by someone else but it was not.  If you like history, or are a lover of historical fiction, or a fan of history, I suggest this book is for you.  Otherwise I wouldn't have wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what I expected when I read this book. It seemed to be an autobiography of one of the most controversial women of all time, and it was. But, alas, it was not. Instead, it turned out to be a diatribe against a female friend who was out of her mind. And in case you're not familiar with her, I have to warn you that this is a very negative review. It's an embarrassment to feminism and women in general. And if you want to know what a crazy, self-destructive woman like Anita Bryant thinks about all this, go and check out the first two or three pages of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read about the occult or its history, this is the book for you.  The book is quite long and the content is quite hard to read.  I have read other books on this subject, which are much better.  However, I have to say that this is one of the most boring, boring, books I have ever read.It seems like it has been written by a layman.   I was expecting a more informative, informative book, like some of the ones that I have been reading on the internet 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I thought it was very slow, and it's hard to get into the book with a newbie.  However, I do believe that it was the first book I read on the topic of autism.  If you haven't read the first chapter, read it again, because it will make it easier for you to understand this topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst book I have ever read. If you want to read a true story and read about a true murder, then this book is a great book.  The characters are not believable. The characters all seem to be psychopaths and killers.  However, if you read this book and you think it is a true account of a true crime, then you will be very disappointed.  This book has a number of inaccuracies.  In the first book, the murder of a teenage girl is portrayed as an accident.  It is not.  I read the second book, where the murder was depicted as premeditated and planned.  While this book had many interesting and interesting characters, there were also very few who seemed like real people.  If you are looking for a true true crime story, this is not the book for you.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment and I was very disappointed in the author for not including any real insight in the writing of this book. I would not read this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment for me.  I was hoping for a real-life story that could have been more than a few pages.  The ending was a letdown.  If you are looking for a quick read, I would not recommend this book.  It was too boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know what to do with a book, read this. If you don't like it, go for a different book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an amazing book, but its only redeeming feature is its introduction to the theory of global warming.  It also lacks in depth on the economics and policy issues.  This book is a classic example of what I have called the "Climate Wars".  I recommend the "A Century of War" by John R. Den 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to make it all too easy, and there is a lot of that, and I think she tries to get the reader to feel as if they are the ones with the power, not the author.  Her descriptions of the different countries in the world are somewhat too simplistic, and her descriptions of her own country are also a bit too simplistic.  I think it's better to take a few moments to really think about what you are about to read, and what kind of country you are living in.  The book was not for me, and the writing is not for the general public.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry to say I found this book to be boring, I was expecting some sort of romance.  The characters are all flat and dull.  I have read other books that were more exciting and entertaining.  If you want some romance this book is not for you.  For my money I would have liked to have seen the author write a more compelling book.  It could have been great but it was not.  He wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book boring and not worth reading.  I have not read much fiction in the past few years so I thought I could handle this one.  The writing was so clunky and not very interesting.  There were a lot of references and the plot was pretty contrived.  If you are looking for a light read on a historical event, you might enjoy the other books on the subject, but not if you are expecting a great read.  It was very dry and not well written.  One thing I will say though is that it is a good book to read if you want to understand why the Civil War started. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with some of the comments on this book.  But this book is just another version of the usual fare.  I don't know what it was going for, but this book has been boring.  The story is full of clichs.  If you are looking for a new read, you might want to check out some of those books I mentioned earlier 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and thought it was ok.  However, it has no real "secret", it just seems to be the author trying to find a way to make money.  I thought it would make for a good book, but it is really a very dull story, the characters are very boring and the plot is very cliche.  This book is a waste of time and money. The author seems to know the basics of making money, but he really does not.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read any of the other reviews here, so I have to make my own. I found this to be a tedious, tedious, boring, boring read.  There are several chapters that I couldn't get through. I wanted to finish it.  I really don't like the style.  But there are a lot of interesting ideas, which I don't think are really explained.  The plot is really just that: plot.  And there's not much plot to begin with, because there's so much text.  For example, the "quotations" are just paragraphs in the book, with little to no punctuation or notes.  Most of the chapters could be left out, and the text could be rewritten to make the book more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was poorly written, but that is not the worst thing. What is bad is the lack of research and evidence that proves the existence of aliens, which is what I found out when I read the book. I think it was because the author wrote the book without actually looking at the evidence. I have a hard time believing the claims of "aliens" in the book, since the evidence of their existence does not exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bit of a let down. I really hoped to see more of the author's personal experiences with her father who is in the hospital.  I was really hoping to see how her father was recovering from the cancer.  It was a sad story.  He has since died.  The book also did not provide me with an insight into how to help my father and his family through this time of grief.  If you want to help your family through a time of loss, I suggest starting with the book "A Year of Love" which is more about helping yourself through a difficult time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is still being sold.  It is long, dry, boring, and has little to no relevance to the real world of today.  I'm surprised it has sold so well.  If you want a real world example of a bad electronic device, this is it.  In a nutshell, the book is filled with "theory" without any real examples.  Don't waste your time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book will help the student understand what the concept of debt is and how it can be managed. However, I am afraid it will be a waste of your time.  The writing is very dull and boring.  If you are a college student and you need a book to understand debt, I suggest you go and get "The Credit Card Handbook".  It is much more practical and easy to understand.  This is a book for the uninformed.  Don't waste your money on this book.  It will not help you.  I would suggest reading the book "Debt: The Biggest Liar 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book and thought it was a very well written book, but I think it would be much more helpful to people who are looking for a basic guide to becoming a member of the Church to read the articles on the website.  I would like to see an article on how to become a member 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book, and I was very disappointed.  It's so dull and boring.  If you want a quick read on why so many Americans are voting for Obama, read this book.  For a serious look at the issues at hand, read the book by Robert D. Black.  I think this book would be more interesting if it had some better examples of its arguments.  The best thing I could say is that it is a good book. However, it is not the work of a serious thinker.  Black should be more concerned with his political ideas.  A better book would give a better idea on how to improve the country.  Instead, I was left with the impression that Black thought America was doing fine and was just a little off balance 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with the premise that the book was written for "the ladies", i.e. those in their 20's to 40's.  The majority of the women in this book have been married for over 50 years, and the author could have done more research into this subject.  I have read many books on marriage, but I do think this one is more biased than others.  There are many other books out there that offer valuable insight into the marriage issues faced by today's women, such as, but not limited to, "The Married Woman's Survival Guide" by Eve Tushnet and "Marriage: A Modern Conundrum" by Dr. Robert L. Jones, both of which were highly recommended by my ex-wife.  However, this book seems to ignore the fact that most men in this country are now raising children alone, and it is clear that many of the issues in the book apply to men as well.  It is time to stop writing books on the marriage 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has everything to do with the war on drugs.  The author's anti-drug attitude and his lack of knowledge about the real problem of drugs in the US are what I will never agree to the reader.  It is a shame that this book was published.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the book could be improved if it was more readable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of unnecessary and incorrect references and does not provide a complete picture.  The only reason why this book was recommended for a graduate student to read is because it contains the title "How to Read a Good Book".  It is a shame that this book is written for a general audience rather than the proper graduate students.  I do not recommend this book for general readers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the worst book I've ever read.  It is very hard to believe that anyone could believe in such a stupid idea.  If you have ever wondered why people still do not believe in Jesus, this is your book!  It's not as if the author is some kind of authority on the subject, however.  He doesn't seem to understand the concept of evidence at all.  In fact, the book would have been better if it had been titled "How to Think about the Case for Jesus." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason the author can't write a positive review about something good is that it is so dense and boring.  A good book, maybe a little too long, might be better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an embarrassment to anyone who is serious about learning the basic principles of photography.  The author goes into great detail with the fundamentals but offers no practical solutions to the problems that he identifies.  I would not suggest taking his lessons to your local library 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like reading books that tell me the answer to a riddle without telling me the rules and examples. This book is like the answer, only they are not the answers.  I was looking for the answer.  It wasn't there.  You can read this book for entertainment, but do not expect it to solve the riddle.  This book does not provide the answers to the riddles.  For instance, they do not tell me how to find the number 10 in a large number of the riddlers.  The answer is in the book, the rules are in the rules, and the examples are in both.  So this book does NOT answer the riddler.  Do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in the book's third or fourth generation and have had no idea what I was talking about when I read the title.  It is a long, rambling list of words that I do not know, from a chapter titled "Words" that I cannot even remember.  If you don't know the words, you will have to do a whole book on them in the next 30 minutes.  There are many typos, grammatical errors, and some incorrect information.  I would have been more satisfied if this book were not titled "The New Dictionary Of Language And Phrases" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a lot to read, but not much useful. The main point is that the story has something to say, but it's not very interesting or inspiring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and am extremely disappointed in the results.  The book covers a very basic concept and is nothing more than a very dry summary of an electronic device called a book.  I could not believe the amount of work that was put into this book.In the past few weeks I have had several of my high school students come to me to get a copy of this book for the semester.  It is a waste of time to waste your time reading something that isn't worth your time.  If you want to learn about RFID or similar RFID technology you will find plenty of books out there that will do that for you.  This book is not worth your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, he makes it clear that the most important aspect of his career was that he managed to become the most successful professional wrestler in the world.  But that doesn't really explain his personal life, because he has a daughter who is very smart.  I am surprised that he mentions her name at all, because it would be helpful if he did.  The book gives the impression that the reason he is so successful is because he is a nice person.  There are several references to how he has given money away to charity and to his wife.  He also mentions how he spent time in jail, which he says was because of an assault.  His book is full of the kind of self-pity and self-hatred that so often infects wrestlers, and it is a shame that the authors have to do this kind of book for a living.  If the writers had any common sense, they wouldn't be writing a book like this.  It is clear that there are some things that they have to cover up, but that doesn''t excuse the fact that this is one of the worst books of this kind that I have ever read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring. I was hoping it would be different 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very poorly written book. The main character is a young girl and she goes through the process of being abused. It is not terribly well written and I would not recommend it for anyone who likes reading.  I would suggest that you avoid this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a great book.  But it was really a long, boring read.  The plot was interesting, but it really fell short of the hype.  I'm so glad I didn't buy this book, because the next one I'm reading will be much more exciting.  Don't waste your money on this book. If you want a book that you can finish in an evening, then go for it.  If you like the plot, read the next book in the series, "The Book of Secrets".  But for those of you who want something more, I suggest "The Legend of St. Lucy", which is still one of the best books I've read. I recommend the book for those who are looking for a simple, fun read, and I can't wait for the next installment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to make a point with the book but fails. There are several sections in the book that I could have done without and it is very hard to get through the book. I was expecting something more than an "all in one" book that teaches you how to be a millionaire.  I think the book should be renamed "How to become a millionaire".  The book really has very little to do with real estate. I have a very hard time reading any book by this author because I feel like he doesn't have a clue what he's talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment. It was not interesting or insightful.  I do not recommend this book for general readers.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of factual errors. In addition to the factual errors there are several errors in logic, and in many instances the authors attempt to justify their mistakes with scientific evidence.  If you like reading science fiction with a few facts, don't read this book. If you want to learn how to write better science fiction, go to any of the great writers such as Philip K. Dick, Ray Bradbury, or Arthur C. Clarke 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read much of the history of the modern world, this is a must-read.  But it is a very dry, dull book.  It is not the history you'd read if you're a history student 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As the title suggests, there are two different versions of this book. The one that I read was written by J.D. Salinger, and the one that appeared in his first novel, "Salinger on the Beach," is written by Larry Gelbart. This book is a mess. It's boring and repetitive, as is typical for most Salinger books. I don't know if it was written as a publicity stunt, but the ending is so rushed and unsatisfying. It could be much better. I was just hoping it would get better and not get worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's main thesis is that America is becoming more diverse.  Unfortunately, this thesis is wrong.  The reason why America is more diverse is because the majority of Americans are still white.  I have a strong problem with the author's anti-white stance.  In a democracy, whites must be given the same rights as all Americans.  If whites were to make up a majority of the population, America would be in dire straits.  This would also mean that the white majority would be able to oppress and marginalize minorities.  America has already become more diverse, so why bother with this author's nonsense?  A better book could have been written by someone like Mark Twain or Howard Zinn.  They are smarter, and if anyone wants to know what it's like being a minority in America, I suggest they read their books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is just another example of a popular writer being a complete and total failure. He doesn't know how to write and doesn't seem to know how he wants to write. I have read the other books in the series, and they are just as good. I wish I could give this book negative reviews about a good book: I don't want to see any more of this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very boring book.  If you like the book "The Good Book", you will enjoy this one.  The only thing that made it better was the fact that it was written by an author who has an audience.  But this book doesn't have any of the same elements as "TheGood Book", so it's hard to compare the two.  It's a waste of time to read it.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the end, this book is a mish mash of old and new ideas.  If you are looking for a new perspective on the Holocaust, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written as a response to a book that is so much better than this. I read the book, and found it so much more boring.  I did not like the author at all. I have to say that the book does have some interesting ideas. However, the book could have been written better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a great book when I first read it in college.  But I can't stand the writing.  It is very repetitive and boring.  I also find it a tad misogynistic and sexist.  Perhaps the most frustrating part of the book is the fact that the author assumes that all women think like this.  This book, while it might have been funny, is very sexist. The author, however, can't seem to find a way to make this any less sexist 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very tedious, boring read, full of pointless, boring and boring stories, no characters and no plot.  It was a chore to get through the book, it did not help that the author was such a dick in the book.  Overall this book was not a good book to read.  I highly suggest that if you are looking for a fun read, try something different, like a Harry Potter book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is interesting, but the plotters forget that this is a fantasy novel. The magic system is lame, the characters are dull and the plot lacks imagination. If you are a fantasy fan, skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not that I dislike Mr. Hamer's writing or don't understand his message, it's just that this book just doesn't help me understand the world.  I've read many books on the topics of economics, politics, and history, and the most I can think of is Mr. Hayek's book.  In Mr. Hoer's case, his economic ideas just don't fit the world I see in.  His political ideas are more nuanced and can be applied to different economic situations, but his economics seem to be the only thing he writes about, and it seems like his main message is the same.  It would be great to see a different book with some ideas that make a lot more sense to me.  However, I'm afraid that if I read Mr. Bush's book I won't have a better idea of how the world works.  A better book is probably "The Unseen Hand: The Economic Consequences of the Financial Crisis and the Implications for Our Future" by Peter Turchin.  If you're looking for a better book on the topic of the global financial crisis, I suggest "The Big Short" by Michael Lewis 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the best book I've read on the subject of parenting.  The problem is the author, a licensed psychologist, who has never been a parent.  I cannot believe anyone would write a positive review about this book.  My children were both adopted from the State of Washington when they were 5 and 9, respectively.  Neither of them were under the age of 18 when they entered the adoptive home.  What a waste of time.  It was also not helpful in dealing with their separation from each other, which was very traumatic for both of them.  If the author has no problems with this, then I suggest that she read up on divorce and custody laws in the State she is from.  This book is full of errors.  For example, it says that a child must have a "reasonable" relationship with his or her parents.  But in this case, the relationship between my son and his mother (I) is unreasonable.  While it is true that my son is the legal parent of my daughter (J), she does not have a relationship with him.  She is merely a caretaker.  Another error is that it says my son had a "significant" role in his mother's upbringing.  He did not.  And he certainly did not play a significant role in my daughter's upbringing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a farce. It is the work of a very talented and very gullible writer.  If you want to know the truth of what the United States did in Iraq, don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, the writer talks about the evils of the Bible and the need for a different interpretation of the text.  It is nothing more than a political ploy to sell books to the Christian public.  I cannot see the author's point other than to make money.  A Christian should not be promoting the book because it is a complete waste of time and space.  If you are a Christian, read the book instead of reading this one.  You will not be satisfied with this book.  Do not waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more from the book and I was disappointed. I can see why it was published.  The only thing I found interesting was the title.  I didn't even finish it before I went to bed.  My main complaint was the amount of spelling mistakes.  If you can't read the book with the spelling errors, it's going to be a real struggle.  It would have been better if the book was written by an experienced writer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it tedious and boring, not very funny. The only reason it got three stars is because the author, as always, was entertaining. The plot was very dull and there were a lot of spelling mistakes.  The book itself was not much more than a list of statistics that were either meaningless or not relevant to the topic at hand.  I can see how this book would appeal to the general reader, but I was very disappointed.  If you want to read something for the sake of learning about statistics, look up a book called "The Art and Science of Statistics" by Dr. John R. Nunn 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of the other reviews and I am sorry to say I was completely unaware of the fact that this was a new book, and I was truly shocked when I found out it was.  I really did not like it, although I thought it was interesting and thought it might be worth the read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be repetitive, boring, boring.  If you want to learn about the basics of electronic device design and how to build them, go to the Internet for an excellent book.  I did not learn anything new.  This book is for the hobbyist 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for an introduction to the book, you'll be disappointed.  This book is a little dated.  If I'm not mistaken, this is the first time I've read any of the essays by this author.  I expected more from him.  It's hard to say anything positive about a book that contains nothing new and makes no attempt to explain anything in depth.  You'll just have to take my word for it.  Overall, I was very disapointed with this book.  Don't waste your time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an interesting read, however it is very much a work of fiction, and I was quite disappointed with the end result. It seems that Ms. Noll has no qualms in portraying "normal" behavior of children as an abominable abuse, and therefore the book is not worth the money to buy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many books by other authors and this one was the worst.  The plot, the dialogue, the characters were just so generic and boring.  I'm sure the author was trying to make a buck or something, but I don't want to be duped into thinking this was a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of Dr. Seuss, you will not like this book. I'm not a fan, but if you like Dr.Seuss, go for it.  It's not great.  Dr.Euless was an artist, and his art was often hilarious, and he was often funny. But this book is all about the boring story and the boring illustrations.  He would have been better off writing a less boring book, maybe about a boy named Seuss.  I think this book would be better served if it were a book that took the readers through the illustrations in a non-comic, more "realistic" manner.  The illustrations in this book are a chore, and I have to say, I am glad I did not read it before I was in my 50s 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring, and will be very boring for many children. The book lacks character development and doesn't make any mention of the fact that many children can't speak English yet. This book makes the whole thing seem like a lesson in how to teach kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a lot to say about the effects of smoking on your body and mind.  Unfortunately, the authors ignore some key facts about how cigarettes can harm your health 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with a bang, but there's very little to hold you from the rest of the story.  You will want to know what happens next and nothing more.  I am sorry to say I did not feel that way when I read this book.  If you want to read about the Nazi holocaust, go with Simon Weisberg's "The Blood And Soil" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a former student of Mr. Babbitt, is so full of himself. He uses the word "scholar" and "scholastic" as synonyms to suggest that this is an academically based work.  But there is no real evidence that this was an academic study.  He claims that he was able to locate the original manuscripts of all the books in his collection and that this constitutes "the complete works" of the author.  How could a man like this be allowed to be on the faculty of the University of Illinois, where the average student does not have the ability to do research and where even the teaching department is not even interested in his work?  The only reason this book was ever published is because of Mr Babbit's influence in the form of the book's publisher.  What a disgrace.  I would recommend another book by Mr. F.H. Bradley, who, as a professional historian, has done much more research in the area of slavery than Mr.Babbitt. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea where to begin.  The author seems to have a hard time finding her way through the pages.  Her prose is too repetitive and her characterizations seem off.  There is not much that is new in this book.  I will admit that I enjoyed the author's previous book, "The War and Other Stories".   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book for the general reader.  The first few pages are very basic and not really engaging 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As the title suggests, the book is mostly about the history of Japan. However, there is also a great deal of detail on politics and politics in general. However the book gets extremely repetitive and boring and I found the "historical" information in the book quite boring. The "historiography" section of the book, which I really enjoyed, is the most interesting section. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was full of unverifiable and incorrect statements.  The only positive review I can give is that the book does not contain the same misinformation that is found in "The Book".  If you are looking for a book that will teach you everything you need to know about the art of selling, this is not it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so depressing and unappealing to me. I did not like the book. I will be looking for another book, as this was very long.  I would like to see how this book was put together 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring, the writing was repetitive, and it was over the top.  The story was predictable, the characters were clichd, and the ending was a big let down.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something interesting. I was disappointed. I expected something more serious, something more philosophical, something that might inspire some readers to reflect on the meaning of life. Instead, I got a bunch of dull ideas with little connection to life. A bad book, for anyone's sake, is hard to recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with several other reviewers, I thought this was an overrated book. It is hard to believe that this author could write such a dull and boring book, and in fact I had to put it down to finish my first book. I was very disappointed with this book, but it certainly didn't help me make any new friends or find any answers to the questions I had in my mind. If you are looking for a "how-to" book, do not buy this book. Don't waste your money. If someone was looking for an easy book, I would recommend The New England Housewife, by Susan J. Harris, or this book by Mary Ann M. Smith. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a piece of junk. There are many of them, but this one is the worst. It is a very hard book to read, and it is full of spelling mistakes and poor grammar. The writing style is very unprofessional. It was very hard to follow. The main character, a woman, is a bore. There were a lot of pages that were not important enough to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I had read the book before, but not quite as much as I have done since then.  The plot was extremely boring and there were no interesting characters.  They just sat around, the plot kept repeating itself.  It was just a dull book with very little substance.  Don't waste your time on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so sorry.  It is so depressing.  I have to agree with many of the reviews I see online, as this is a very difficult book to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As with all of my reviews I try to be fair.  I have to admit that the first few chapters are boring.  The book does not have the "secret" recipes that other reviewers have mentioned.  You have to be a little adventurous to even get halfway through this book.  What I have tried to do is make this book a little less boring. But I still believe that there are better recipes out there.   I am also aware that this book has been out of print for over twenty years.  But it is not out of copyright.  It still is the same book as the one that was used for my cookbook class.  My advice to anyone who wants to try to make something out of this book is to skip it and try something else.  If you really like this book, then I would encourage you to try some of the other recipes out on your own.  Do not be afraid to make a new book: This book was one of the few I made in my culinary education and it did help me in my own quest for food and it's a great book. However, it is extremely difficult to follow the recipes and I recommend anyone looking to cook try another book by the same author.  There are better books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for something to read on the eve of the big election, look elsewhere. I don't think this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boringly, shallow, pointless and shallowly detailed treatment of what has been written about the alleged "dispossession" of the Lakota Indians by the US government and its allies.  The Lakota are not simply the subject of this book, nor is there any attempt to distinguish between the US Army and the federal government or the Lakotas in general.  If this were true, it would be no different from the treatment of other Native Americans in the United States.  It is quite clear from the preceding description that there is little or no regard for the Lakotha or the Oglala Sioux.  All references are to "Lakota" or "Laos", while references to "the Indians" are used in the context of "Lakhota" (the Lakota, Sioux, and others), "Shawnee" (Arapaho, Cheyenne), "Sioux" (Crow, Conejos, Dakota), or "Cheyenne" (Tribe), not to the "Indian" who they were originally, nor to the individual tribes which they are now.  In this case, "the Indian" was the US military.  I would suggest the reader to look elsewhere for a more comprehensive treatment of the subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think anyone who reads this book has any real idea what they're buying.  I had to read the book in order to understand what I was being told.  This book is filled with false and confusing information, making it hard to know what is going on.  The only positive thing I can say about the book is that it gives some ideas on how to make money, which is good, but there is not a lot of guidance on how not to make a lot.  If you're looking for a simple, easy read on how you can start your own business, this book is a complete waste of your time.  Don't waste your money, read something more informative, or a book by someone who actually knows what they are talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, we learn of how the Church used polygamy as a tool to control the people.  It is also very interesting how some LDS Church members still defend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring and repetitive. I don't want to waste my time reading a book with so much repetition and wordplay 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In my opinion, this book is one of the most boring, over-explained, and unnecessary books on the topic of sexual deviancy I have ever read.  It is an unneeded, self-help book that is completely irrelevant and would be much better off without it.  I highly recommend the book "The Pedophile's Guide to Being Safe and True to Yourself" by John H. Stamps. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the author is trying to make a serious point, but unfortunately, it is one that is completely illogical.  The author presents an anthropological case study that argues that Native American populations had been in decline for a long time and that there is now a need for more resources to maintain and increase their population, because there are fewer Native Americans.  This makes no sense at all.  How could we be in need of more resources if we were already in decline?  Why are there so many Native Americans in the world?  What are they doing there?  Is it the lack of resources that has caused them to be there? Is it lack of food? Is there some other cause that has kept them there? What is happening to Native Americans now? Is this the result of the decline? If it is the result, then why have there been so many of them? Is the decline continuing?  I don't know.  All I can say is that the book was not very engaging.  I was looking for something more in the way of a short read.  It was a waste of my time and I wasted it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a reader of fiction, I would recommend the author, David Anthony, to write something more in-depth.  In his debut novel, The Boy with the Golden Arm, he introduces a character, the titular Boy with Golden Arm.  This is a boy who is able to perform a superhuman feat (using his arms to fight), and this is what is seen in the story.  I have to admit I wasn't very interested in this story. The only reason I read the book was to find out what the author's name was.  It was obvious from the first chapter that the author was trying to write a more serious story. I read all the other chapters in the book, and found that I was wrong.  The story is not very interesting.  Although I was impressed with the plot, I didn't enjoy the plot because it lacked depth.  If the plot wasn't so predictable, I think the book would have been a little better.  As it is, I won't be buying the book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was extremely disappointed by this book. I was so taken aback by the amount of information in this book that I couldn't wait for the next one. What a waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very interesting book, but it's very hard to believe the facts presented in this book. There is a lot of stuff here, but the information presented in the book is not enough to really be able to believe it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping this book would give me some ideas on how to handle an abusive relationship.  It actually does not.  The book is full of vague and confusing instructions and suggestions.  In fact, the book itself contains the instructions for a number of abusive relationships.  My advice would be to stay away from anyone who is in an abusive or controlling relationship.... I'm not sure I'll ever get over the anger I feel for the people I know in abusive relationships, but I'm glad I read this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a serious fan of Michael E. Coppola's films and I have been reading the book since it was first published in 1997. However, in this book, the author is no longer able to deliver a consistent message that I have come to trust.  The story is now bogged down in a sea of philosophical discussion that seems to me to be little more than pointless ramblings. The characters are weak and unoriginal and the story becomes a slog to the end.  I can understand the desire to write a negative book, but Coppolo does not have my respect. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the review above about the lack of character development in this book.  The characters are too shallow, and I felt that the storyline would have been much better with more character development.  I would have liked to see more of the "how's" and "why's" in this novel.  This was a very disappointing read for me.  If you are looking for a novel that will make you laugh, but won't make you depressed, this book is for you.  It's just a shame that there were so many plot holes that I could have easily avoided had I known 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed and angry after reading this book.  I expected a more intelligent and nuanced discussion of the issues.  The author did not give us any.  His arguments are so simplistic and simplistic that they make no sense whatsoever 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mishmash of several things. It seems to have an "educational" bias, and while there are some interesting ideas, there is a lack of practicality and actual application of what I consider real life lessons 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know why this book was written. I have had it recommended to me, but I didn't take the chance and bought it. I will probably never read it again. It is a very dry book with very little information on a very popular electronic device. There are so many other books on this topic that I think it would be wiser to just skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed. I really liked the book, and wanted to find out more. However, the author's opinion on the topic was a complete departure from the actual topic. It seemed like a very academic, overly-technical book, with a lot of references to obscure books. I was not surprised when it came to the issue of the book's topic.  I thought it was a good book, but the author was completely wrong in his opinions. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of pointless details. There are a lot of them. The book starts with some of them and then it goes on to talk about how the women were abused, how they were beaten and that they were raped. There is nothing in the book that really helps you find out what actually happened.The author also says that the women who were abused in the home were being abused by the husbands or fathers, which is wrong. The women in this book were being beaten by the women's husbands or by their partners. It is a shame that such a book was written when the victims are being abused in their own home. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a number of biographies of prominent scientists and had a general idea of what to expect from this one.  The first half is more than half complete, the second half has almost been completed.  If you have any sense at all of what you are getting into, stop reading now 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting.  The book had several interesting points and was well written.  It didn't address the "problem" of race, in which the author made a number of very good points.  But the book seemed to have a bias toward the whites.  I would not have bought this book for anyone who was concerned about the issues that the author was addressing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of the book, I suggest you stop reading it.  The book is full of the most stereotypical and boring characters that I have seen in a long time.  I have no idea what I'm reading.  If I were to review it, I'd say that it is a waste of time. I would also say that the author's wife, who writes the book for him, is doing a disservice to her husband and to the book.  She is making up the book as she goes along.  Don't waste your time with this book.It is not for everyone, but it is for a lot of people, which is a shame.  It is a very depressing book, but the characters are not the main issue.  We need to learn how to write positive review about good book: The book was interesting and entertaining.  What I didn't like was the ending.  Perhaps the author will make another book in the near future.  There is nothing to really complain about in this book, just read the first one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a medical student who studies pathology. This book has been a disappointment.  If you are looking for a book on pathology, check out "Pathology for Dummies", by Thomas E. Jablins.  I'm sure there are better books out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an expert on this book, and have read it several times. However, this is not an easy book to read. I found it to be very boring, with not much detail on the various aspects of a negative book.  It also has several spelling and grammatical errors.  The book also contains some errors of grammar that are hard to read and are in fact not grammatically correct.  There is one chapter on how to find a good electronic device, and the chapter on computer programs and computer systems.  I find the book lacking in clarity, and not worth the time it will take to finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read other books on the topic of how to be a successful professional athlete. This book is nothing more than a bunch of motivational blabbering.  I would never consider being a professional athlete as a business plan.  If this book had been written by someone who actually worked with professional athletes or someone who really understood the business of being a player then this would have been a great book.  In this book I saw many of the problems that exist in sports today.  For example, why are there so many teams and leagues?  If you don't know why then you will never succeed.  The book seems to be based upon the premise that there are only two or three leagues that could possibly make money.  This is completely false.  All of the leagues that exist today are profitable.  It is a shame that someone like the author is trying to promote the idea of a small league.  He also says that the NFL is the only league that has an ownership group.  Nope.  There are several.  Most of the owners are former players and most of them are in it for the money.This book does a disservice to the majority of the sports fans out there.  Hopefully, this book will be replaced in the near future. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book, it was very boring.  I have read a few books on American history, but none that I have rated higher than this.  It is not a great book, but it does contain some interesting ideas.  Unfortunately, the book does not contain much actual information and is very poorly written.  This book could have been more helpful if it had included the names of the historical figures, as the author does.  If you want to read some interesting information, check out the Encyclopedia Britannica's Encyclopedia, which includes some interesting material.  For example, the Encyclopedia mentions John Adams and John Quincy Adams as presidents, and they were both presidents during the American Revolution 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting some funny and funny stories, but I was disappointed.  A lot of the stories were dull and predictable, although the ending was a little bit satisfying.  It is hard to believe that a book so devoid of character or humor could have made it past the New York Times bestseller list.  I do not believe this book will be on the New Year's list next year.  Hopefully someone reads it and realizes its flaws.  But I have wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete disservice to the audience and a complete waste of money for an audience with no experience in the field of international trade.  I'm ashamed to say I bought it after reading only the first chapter and was completely disapointed.  The book begins with some basic economics theory, but then quickly devolves into a long, tedious, and largely irrelevant review of the history of the WTO.  In addition, it seems to be written by someone with no economics or business experience.  While the book has some value for those who are interested in the trade issue, I wouldn't recommend it for anyone without at least a passing familiarity with the field.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disaster.  I have tried to read other reviews about it but none seem to have much insight into what the book is about.  The book seems to focus on a few concepts that I have not researched, which in turn makes me believe the concepts are real.  In short, I have no idea what to make of the book.  If you want a book with a few simple concepts and no real depth, check out The Science of Everything by the authors of the popular book How to Live a Rich Life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of stuff. A few of the names are familiar and not particularly important. If you are looking for something new, try the new, very well written book on the history of the United States by Douglas B. Oleson. If I could recommend anything, I would be to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of her books, and I am disappointed with this one.  It's a boring, long-winded, poorly researched book.  I also have a problem with the way the author treats her subject, but I can't say it's a bad electronic device since I have to have some sort of a sense of humour to take her book seriously.  What I want to say is I would like to see more of her writing on other subjects.  For instance, she has written a negative book about the American economy.  The book is so poorly researched that I am afraid it will only serve to make the reader think the same way as the author.  Don't waste your money on this book, unless you want to be a moron 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book for anyone. It was boring, confusing, and I did not understand what the main idea was. I am a student and I have no interest in this book. I wanted to understand the concept of free will and how the universe operates, and what it would mean to "go my way" in the way that I choose. I learned about this concept in school.  I would suggest to anyone that is trying to learn about this subject, that they start with a different book. This book is not a good read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of nonsense.  It is hard to believe there are so many people who think the Bible is the word of God.  They do not read the Bible, they do not think for themselves.  If you are in the religious, theistic community, this book is a good read.  Don't bother buying this book unless you want to learn something new.  There is much more accurate and up to date information available in the Encyclopedia Britannica, which is an encyclopedia of current knowledge 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never read any book on the Holocaust before this. I was so confused and disturbed by the descriptions of the deaths, that I quit reading immediately.  What is this stuff? How can they say that the Germans had killed six million Jews when the number of dead in the camps is so much less than six million? How did the Nazis know that so many Jews were dying? How could they claim that the Jews were not being exterminated? I am a historian and this book is not only inaccurate, it is an attempt to whitewash the Holocaust. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're not interested in this book and its conclusions, I'd suggest looking at the book's website instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not too big on books like this, but this was a very long and boring read. The plot was slow and the characters were shallow. If you don't like long novels, skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a good book on the New England Patriots. What I got instead was a series of stories that are basically one-dimensional, shallow and mostly made up of quotes from people who either have nothing to say or are on the Patriots payroll.  The biggest problem with this book is that it doesn't do the reader any favors by letting them think that there really are some interesting ideas and opinions that are being presented.  If you have any interest in the Patriots, or just the team, and don't want to just read about the players' personalities, then this is a bad read.  It's a shame because there are some entertaining things in this book, but I wouldn't recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete waste of time. I read this book in order to understand the concept of torts. I'm now more or less understanding the concept.  If you don't care about torts you shouldn't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bunch of stories, that are nothing more than the stories of a bunch of different folks. Nothing is said about the actual history of a real place or culture.  I guess this book is a parody, a parody of American history.  Who knows what that even means 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of Michael E. Brown's books, but this one was a disappointment.  The book was written as a marketing tool to sell his book series, which I will be reviewing on a future date.  Michael Brown, who I thought was an authority on the subject of the Bible, has done a poor job of presenting himself as an expert on the Bible.  I had no interest in the book because I was in search of a book that would answer the question "Who wrote the Bible?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been written for years, yet the author still thinks that it is some sort of secret that I haven't discovered yet.  I read this book as a child and have read it again and again.  If it is so hard to find this book in your library, it is because the author has been hiding it from you.  It is really a waste of money for you to waste your time on a book that will only confuse you and keep you from doing some research.  A friend of mine who is a nurse said that the book would only confuse a young child and that it was best to skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't understand why this book is being made into a movie, the main problem is the title. This book has no redeeming qualities for any of the characters. It's really hard to believe that the author would make such a book. If you read this book then you are very likely to be disappointed. This isn't one of the best books I've read but it is definitely a let down. It feels very out of place and it's just plain boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure there are more than just the "good" books out there. But I have to say that this is the worst of them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There were two things I thought the book needed to be more of - more detail on the relationship between the two characters and how they got married and more insight into their respective lives, which seemed to be lacking in this one. I was disappointed in the ending, which felt rushed, not fully fleshed out, and overly simplistic in its treatment of the characters. The book could have been much better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not a fan of Shakespeare's plays, I strongly recommend not picking up this book.  The plot and characters are not as compelling as the earlier editions.  However, if you are a fan and want to know what Shakespeare was like as a young man, I highly recommend the earlier, less well-known plays 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, he takes on a number of popular books and tries to make a positive review about them. However, this book is a big fat waste of time and time is a precious commodity. If you are looking for a quick read on the state of the business, I would recommend John C. Dvorak's "The Business Machine" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has all the hallmarks of a marketing book to lure in gullible readers, the title, "The Book of Five Rings", is a blatant attempt to capitalize on the popularity of the "Lord of the Rings" movies.  The story of the five rings, in the movie, is based on the 5th chapter of the book, "A New Hope", which itself is based upon the book "The History of the Ring", by J. R. R., who wrote the screenplay for "A new hope".  The plot is not original.  In the movie "Avengers" it is shown how the rings have been lost for many years, only to be found again, and a new king or queen (who could be an evil version of Gandalf, played by Chris Hemsworth) is chosen.  It is also suggested that the king or Queen are somehow connected to the "five races" that have been in existence in "The Hobbit" books.  I will not go into the details of this plot because it is clear that the book has been written by a marketing team, not by the author.  This could be because of the obvious marketing opportunities for a book on "Ring" related topics, but I am afraid it is more likely the author, the marketing team and the movie producers/artists of "Aquaman" and "The Mummy" were in on the joke, because "The Ring" has been a joke for a long time.  "The book" is a marketing tool to sell the movies and the book does not even give any real insights.  There is no real information on the "Ring", the "Five Races", or the "treasure".  In fact, the author states that the "rings" are "made of gold" and the "diamonds" are not "made", as the movie states.  For example, the book states that "The ring of power is made of pure gold.  Gold is a natural substance.  What makes a ring pure is how much gold it contains.  And so the ring of the king is made with an infinite amount of gold, while the ring that Sauron's ring is made from is limited 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As much as I enjoyed the book, I found it a bit confusing and hard to follow.  It's a good book, but not that easy to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of information that isn't relevant or useful in this day and age.  I agree with the author that this book should have been called "The New Year's Resolution."  It's more of a "what to do" book and the information contained therein isn't that helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There were no character development, and I think the book was a little long.  Also, there was no discussion of what is and isn't a good book.  It was more like a self-help book. I found it boring, and not recommended.  I don't think anyone read this book. It would have been better if the author had focused more on character development 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring and had nothing to say about the topic. The writing was so repetitive that I almost couldn't believe it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was pretty good and was a little surprised that it is now over 100 pages and I still can't figure out where the book is going.  The story is really boring and the characters are very shallow.  I will probably be reading the next book by John Irving because I really do think it is much better.  He was much better in "The Devil's Guest".  I think the plot is going to be much more interesting and engaging.  If you want to read a boring book, don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off very promising but the author takes it away with the end chapters. I wouldn't recommend it to a friend. The chapters that are actually relevant to the subject are very short and the book doesn't address any of the big topics of the day 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book. It was a little dry, a little long, and the plot was a bit too unbelievable. The ending left a bad taste in my mouth.  If you want to read about a very boring story, skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a bit confusing, mostly because it's not very well written.  I am not going to waste my time reading this book.  It seems to be more of a story than a book, and I don't think it's an easy read.  In the end, it is too long, too complicated, and not much of a guide to living a good life.  The author has been on television for a long time, and his words seem to have more authority than they do.  What a shame, because I really wanted to learn something from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame that such a great book is written by a complete idiot. The characters are shallow and boring. I could have skipped the whole thing if I knew more about the topic, but I was not willing to waste my time on this. If you want a quick and easy read on this subject, look elsewhere.  I'm going to skip the rest of this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give this book a negative recommendation, but it's really not that bad.  It's just that the story is too slow.  The characters are too flat, and I think the plot is way too contrived.  I wouldn't waste my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with other reviewers about the lack of character development and the repetitive nature of the story.  I am also a big fan of James Patterson's work and I am glad that the new book is not the same as the old.  It is a pity that this new book seems to have become a hit at the expense of his other works.  We all know that James Patterson is a talented author and I have to wonder if he will now turn his attention away from his other work.  If he does I am sure we will all miss his wonderful writing and his characterizations.  Don't waste your time reading this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several books on this subject. I have to agree with everyone else, this book is terrible. It is mostly just a collection of short stories with no real plot. I found it to be hard to follow, and the ending was also confusing.  I didn't really get the whole "ghost" thing until the final story in the book, which I thought was a pretty interesting idea.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a classic example of what a book like this should NOT be.  In this book, there are a lot of quotes from various books and articles that don't make sense and some quotes that are just plain silly.  You have to know the source material to really get the book.  I was expecting a serious study of military strategy, but I found the book to be very superficial.  This is NOT a book that should be read as a general overview of the topic.  If you want a real book on military strategy and strategy books, read the actual book by Col. James E. Powell.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many parts of this book that are very boring. I would have skipped most of the book if I had read it in college. This book is written as if it were for a college level course. The only reason the author gives for making the book so boring is because the students are so easily entertained. If you are a reader of this text, then you will probably be disappointed with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not like this book.  The author seems to be a "how to" type of guy.  I do not like it when people just talk and don't really go into detail.  If you like the "how-to" type book, read this one.  It is very short and very hard to read.  Overall, I felt it could have been a lot more detailed.  One problem with the book is it has not enough information.  For example, I do believe the author did not go into great detail on the differences between a wood stove and an oven.  What I would have liked is more recipes that I could do in the kitchen myself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book to a friend.  I found it to be a lot of misdirection.  The information was presented in such a disjointed way that the author didn't even really get to the point.  It was just like a dry run for a book that was meant to be an introduction to Buddhism.  If you want an introduction, then go to one of the Buddhist textbooks 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book and it's not so good.  The plot is very basic and predictable.  I found the story repetitive and boring.  It was too long for me to finish.  If you are looking for a new thriller or a mystery book with some new twists I would suggest the John Le Carr book, but I wouldn't bother buying it just for this one.  Also, I wouldnt bother with this book if you are a romance reader and want to read something new 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a friend of mine who is also an instructor at a high school. I do not think I could have made it through the entire book without getting distracted. There were a lot of vague descriptions of a lot that I did not understand, as well as some statements that could have been very easily interpreted. I think the book could have used a bit more detail. If you are interested in learning more about a specific subject (like cooking), I would suggest learning a good book from a good cookbook writer like Martha Stewart 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors and omissions. The most glaring example of this is the omission of the fact that the British Government did not create the Federal Reserve in 1913. In fact, the Federal reserve was created by the US Congress. It would have been helpful for this author to know the facts before he or she wrote this book. It is also a travesty that this book was published in the 1980's. The US Federal Reserve is a far more sophisticated organization today than it was in 1987. The author should have been more careful about the accuracy of his or her work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, for all its flaws, is full of inaccuracies. I agree with a number of the criticisms leveled against it. In particular, the author's description of the early days of the Mormon Church is totally inaccurate. In reality, the Church in its early days was more or less a parallel society that formed and then disbanded around the time of Joseph Smith's birth. The church as we know it today (as opposed to the LDS Church of today) began with a small group of men, and then evolved to include women and children as well. However, Joseph Smith was not an active member of the Church during his childhood. The author makes some of his criticisms in passing, and other points are made in passing as well, but I cannot find any point where the author specifically claims Joseph Smith (or any member of his family) was a "pedophile". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a mish-mash of different perspectives from the main ones presented. The book makes no sense and the author does not even try to make sense of it.  In addition, it is very depressing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to know the authors who are promoting this book.  It seems to me that the main idea in the book is to be funny, but I can't see any humor in it.  If you are looking for a good book, look elsewhere.  I found it difficult to finish this one, because it seemed to me to be more like a list of clichs.  And, even if it were funny, the humor would be lost in the repetition of cliches.  For example, the list of the 100 most common things in the world - if it really is a list - would be interesting to know, because there is something to be learned from the difference between common and uncommon things.  So, it was hard to laugh at some of the things in this book, and, if you are a serious reader, I can understand why you wouldn't finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not read this book unless I have a book on the line. I found the subject of this book too boring and the characters were dull. I felt that the story was a waste of time.  I would have preferred a better book on this topic.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In a very long review, I just wanted to say that I am a big fan of James Allen, but I have to say I was disappointed with this book.  He is clearly a masterful storyteller and writer, but his writing style is a little too dry for my taste.  The characters are too one-dimensional and the plot is a mess.  In addition, I feel the story was a little rushed and rushed to an end.  I was expecting more of the same.  It is hard to be impressed with this collection of stories and it is really sad that I wasted my time on it.  If you like stories with a mystery/suspense twist, this is a good book, but it is very hard to see it as anything more than a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very uninspiring. The writing is very slow, boring and doesn't really get to the point of explaining the main ideas of the book.   The chapters are very difficult to follow.  I would never recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of clichs and recycled material. The main character, Mr. Pardue, who is always referred to as "Pardue" throughout the book, is almost always described as being very wealthy. However, he has no real idea of the value of money, and has no money of his own to invest. In fact, Mr Pardued's "investment" consists of a single $20.00 bet with a friend of his.  What kind of money is enough to buy yourself out of jail? What kind is enough for you to quit your job and go into the insurance business? If you do this, you'll make a fortune, right? But there's a catch. The book is written in a sort of jargon-y style. The reader is expected to have a basic knowledge of what's going on, and the author's style is very dry.  The book also tries to make money in other ways by offering some very strange investments.  If you have a good book and don't want to waste your time reading the boring one, skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have ever read any book on the subject of "the end of the world" then you will have heard this story.  The book in question, "The End of the World: The Coming Collapse of Civilization", has become the latest "scare-quote" from the liberal mainstream media.  As an aside, I have to point out that the book was actually written by a man, and I mean that very seriously, who is now apparently dead.  Sooner or later, we will all die and civilization will cease to exist.  And the reason I say this is that if you read "The New World Order", you will also learn that this is what the establishment believes the end of civilization will look like.  In other words, the elites want us all to be totally dependent on the State for our survival.  But there is a problem with this theory.  It assumes that if we all disappear, then the State will simply go out of business.  If the State can simply disappear, the world will also disappear.  We will be left with just a bunch of people who have been living for the last few hundred years.  I don't think it's an accident that this book was written by "Dr." David Rockefeller.  Not only was he the first Vice President of the US, he also was the first Secretary of State to be appointed by a President.  Yet he never made any attempt to stop the US involvement in Iraq, which led to the rise of ISIS.  This is because the State, of course, has the financial resources to do so.  For example, there are currently around 6.2 trillion dollars in the Federal Reserve's balance sheet.  Now this figure includes all sorts of various sorts of financial institutions.  What you don't hear in the mainstream media is the fact that the Federal Government is controlled by the "private" Federal Reserve.  Of course, when you think about this, you will see that this "private entity" is actually a corporation owned by a for-profit private corporation, the Federal Trust Corporation, which also owns the Federal reserve.  You will also see that the "government" is in the business of creating money out of nothing, and that the same Federal Reserve "banksters" that control the Federal "bankster" will also control the "state".  I guess what I am saying is, the government does not "control" the economy.  All of the "central
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself has many problems.  If you want a real study on what is going on in the Soviet Union today, this is a book for you.   If your interest is limited to the US and the Western democracies, I would suggest a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like reading about politics, read the book of political analysts.  But this book is full of boring statistics.  It doesn't even give you a good overview of the U.S. political system.  If the political system were actually a real system, then the U,S. Constitution would be an outdated document.  The book spends too much time discussing the current state of the political environment and the political class, and too little time discussing how to get the country back on track 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I don't like the book very much. It is full of long lists and numbers, but I donot see how they add up to anything useful. For example, I donthave read an earlier edition of this and I'm pretty sure the total number of pages was around 600. I would guess the average was around 250. If this is a bad electronic device I'm sure someone could check it out for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's all too much drivel.  I would never read a book by a woman who was not a serious writer.  The characters are all over-used, and there are no real plot twists or real character development.  It is a tedious, boring, uninspired book.  If you are looking for a book to read with your children (or yourself) then this is the book for you.  But if you are reading a book for a serious book series, then don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have read the other reviews, this book will be right up your alley.  The main reason I bought this book was because I wanted to learn more about "the book of wisdom".  The book is quite lengthy and contains numerous interesting facts.  However, if you don't want to learn about "Wisdom", you can skip to the end.  It is also interesting to see how many books there are on this topic.  I have read several books on this subject, but this book is certainly not the best one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was first in high school.  I have since read the author's other books, and this one is a much more shallow and superficial presentation of his theories.  If you're looking for something more in-depth, I suggest the author of "The New Science of Food" or "The Modern Food Revolution".  The "The Science of a Good Book" is simply not the best book on this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it hard to believe that a book of this type, which contains such information, was written by a high school graduate. The book's main thesis is that the financial crisis was caused by the Federal Reserve Bank, specifically by Alan Greenspan. In fact, this book was written in 2002, which was also the year of the "Big Short", a short-term trading scandal in which the banks involved lost billions of dollars. So I expected more information on this topic, especially from the person who is supposed to have been the "author" of this book.  In addition, this author claims that "there are no signs of inflation in the economy", which is a bizarre claim for someone who has been working for the Federal Government.  I think it is worth asking for clarification on the information that he presents in this book, because he presents a number of different theories on why the economy is not growing and what the "real" economy should be. I would advise against reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book twice and I have no idea what the author is talking about. If you do not understand the book, I suggest that you look elsewhere for further information. I am sure that you will not find it there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and felt very disappointed.  The characters are very one dimensional.  I did not feel any connection with the main character and I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a simple, easy-to-read book, I would advise against this book.  This book offers little insight into the issues being raised, nor does it address the myriad of ways people get in to bankruptcy.  The author does attempt to explain bankruptcy, but that is as an afterthought.  His focus on the book as a guide to the debtor, however, is commendable.  But he fails to make the case that bankruptcy is a serious problem in America today, and I can't help but think that he is doing so at the expense of those he hopes to assist.  If this book does anything for you, however -- if it helps you understand the state of the American economy -- it is to help you understand what bankruptcy is.  A little knowledge, however modest, can save your family and your life.  For the rest of us, however 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read this book before I could start a new book for my own kids, and it was just awful. I wouldn't recommend it for anyone. I have a feeling the author must have read too much and thought the kids were that dumb. The kids know a lot more than this book suggests, and they know when to be serious and when to joke. Don't waste your money on this book. It's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can see that there are some in this book who do not know how to write well. The language was not as elegant as I expected, the plot was a little disjointed, the characters were a little too similar to other characters in the book and the plot felt disjoint. I have no interest in reading this book because it will be boring, the writing is uninspired, the setting is boring, I would not recommend it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a professional writer, writes his own reviews of books: this book, in which he presents all the evidence from the Bible that proves the existence of God, is not worth the read, it is simply a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was great. I was a little shocked when I saw that the book is now being reissued as a book called "The End of a Christian Nation: A Report on the State of the Nation".  I was also disappointed in the fact that the author has since moved to New Mexico. I don't know if he is still alive, but it's been too long since I saw his name on the book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sorry, but I don't think I have to explain the plot of this book.  What happened to the "honest" book?  I thought it was a little different.  I dont know if there was any plot in the book but it was so vague I didn't want to read it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting, but when I began to read it I realized that it was full of uninteresting, repetitive, boring, and pointless information.  I think it would be more useful if it were written as a negative criticism of something, or at least as a critique of the popular books that are being written today.  There is a lot of information in this book that has already been covered elsewhere in books like The Art of Making a Positive Impression and The Art and Science of a Good book, but it seems that they have ignored it in favor of this uninteresting approach.  A good book should cover both the theory and practice of building a good book; there are plenty of examples in there to illustrate both sides.  The book does not cover the basic principles of good book design, which is something that is not covered in the first two chapters.  For example, how do you make a good review about something that I have read?  If you have been working with the same book for a while you may have a better understanding of the basics than I.  However, it is quite possible that there are other books out there that will cover this subject better than this one.  If this is your first book on book design and you are trying to learn how to write a good one I would recommend that you pick up an earlier book.  It is not necessary to read this book to build a good first book. If you are looking to learn more about a book for personal projects I would suggest:  Make a positive review about good book: This book is great, the information is organized nicely, the book has a positive attitude, and there are lots of interesting ideas that are covered in this text.  This book provides the information to start your own book and there is a section in there on how to improve your own design, however, I think the book would benefit from some new ideas and techniques that have been used in other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and not very original. It is basically a compilation of the author's blog posts.  I'm afraid that if you're looking for something different in your book read another book by the same author, 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is full of pointless repetitions, repetitions which were clearly written to appeal to the lowest possible denominator of the reader, the lowest denominator being those who are more interested in the story itself. This book is for those who would like to read about the plot of a bad electronic device, but not for those with any serious interest in electronic device repair. The story is told from the perspective of the owner of the device, who seems to be the only person with any real interest in the device. What could possibly be the point of this story? I doubt that it is the book's purpose to give an overview of the ins and outs of the repair process. I suspect that this is simply the author's way of explaining his lack of interest in making the device work, as he has already done the work. The only reason that this book is worth reading is for the chapter on "How to Do It", which is just an extended discussion of the tools of the trade used to work on the device that is presented.  The title of the book, "The Best Way To Break a Computer", implies that the reader has no need for this book, but the reality is that it has to be a reference book for those doing the repair work, or at least for those that would like an overview on how to do it.  I will not waste my money on this book.  If you want to know how to repair a bad computer, go read an electronic device book by a competent person 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not the book to go for. It is a very slow read, which made it difficult to follow the plot. The ending was rather abrupt and hard to follow, and there were several chapters that were confusing. It's a little too slow and slow reading for my taste.  I wish it was more like the "The Big Sleep" series, because I like the author's writing style, but it is a little dry and I'm afraid it would have been more engaging if it had been more exciting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a student in her senior year.  It seems to be more about making money for her family than actually giving a positive review about an enjoyable book.  The book also makes a few very obvious errors in grammar and spelling.  If you want to be a doctor, or an attorney, or a lawyer who also has a real career in finance, read another book. This one won't help you in any way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring, with boring pictures and not enough information to really get it out of the way.  It was almost as if the author had spent all of his time on the book.  He did a lot of the same information over and over again.  I was really hoping for a book on photography, but this was not the book for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little boring, a little too much info, a bit too much sex talk. The book is full of examples and explanations, but very few are actually helpful for beginners.  I found it a little difficult to finish it.  It is also a bit difficult to understand the differences between different kinds of sex.  The examples are sometimes quite confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not an expert on Russian politics but I do know how much this book has done for the American right wing.  The writing itself is poor, the politics are shallow and it is almost certainly not worth your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in awe when I first read this book, thinking I had been reading a book by a master.  It was a disappointment, however, in that it had no real plot.  I will admit, however that it was quite entertaining.  But when I realized I had to skip it in favor of other books, I returned to it.  This time I learned what it was like to have an opinion and not necessarily follow it.The plot is pretty much what you would expect, except for the fact that it is only a few pages long.  There is no suspense.  We are told from the very beginning that the story will be told by an expert.  You can see the signs of it from the beginning of the book.  What happens in the first few chapters is the "intro".  The rest of the story is told through the characters.  The one main character is a girl named Mia who is a complete dork.  She tries to be smart, but in her desperation she thinks that if she is smarter, she will have a better life.  Not only is this a horrible idea, but she is also very stupid.  However, her best friend, the mysterious Dr. Robert, who is also a dork, gives her the book of secret formulas which can turn any boy into a boy.  After all, how could a girl be a normal girl if she had the same secret formulas?  She gets to meet a few boys who do have secret formulas.  One of these boys, the dashing, young Dr. Richard, tells her what formula he used.  He can't help but to love Mia.  If she will be a doctor, he wants to be a scientist.  Another boy, a tough, older Dr. Philip, tells Mia that she can be a better doctor, a more respected doctor, if she has this formula.  Both boys want to see what formula is needed.  Philip gets it, but it is a little too late.  That is when Mia learns what a scientist really is.  As she becomes a scientist, Dr. Mia meets a scientist's boyfriend.  They both fall in love.  In addition to this, Dr Robert tells us about the formula he got from his father.  His formula can turn a normal boy into an expert, but only for a certain boy.If you are interested in this book because it is supposedly a masterful book, you will
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of the original book, and I love the book series.  Unfortunately, the new book series, titled "The History of Modern China," has a different take on the subject.  In my opinion, it is an embarrassment to the Chinese people.  I have read many of the books in the series, and have found the new series to be more of a distraction than a serious, well-researched exploration of the past.  Instead, the series consists of a succession of picturesque and interesting anecdotes from a few prominent scholars.  It is a shame that there are not more well-written books on this subject. In the meantime, I suggest the original "The Chinese People" by Wang Hui.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is an extremely shallow and boring review. The book is a mishmash of myths, fairy tales, and propaganda.  The only reason the book is being read is that it is being used to support the Bush-Cheney ticket.  It will give the impression that there is a positive view of the Iraq war. The author is a member of the anti-war group "Save Our Sons" who make a lot of money from their book sales.  I am ashamed to have read it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a book to learn Latin, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not present enough information for the average person to understand all the information. If you want to learn how to make your own recipes, this book is for you. But if you want a detailed recipe guide, then I would suggest that you look at other cookbooks 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment.  The premise is great.  But the execution is poor.  Most of the plot is very predictable.  One character who I truly enjoyed, Dr. Edward Caine, is also very predictable and predictable is a boring character.  In fact, I would have read this book for the characters, but the plot, unfortunately, did not come together for me.  I could see why others liked it, however, as the plot was so compelling.  Dr. Caine is an amazing scientist, but I feel like he is just a cardboard character, who happens to have been given the plot to make him interesting.  As it stands, Dr Caine will probably be one of the least memorable and most predictable characters in history.  This was a waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't see the point.  There are no character development, no explanation as to why the person's actions in the book are the way they are, nor any motivation to change the way the character lives after the event that precipitated the action.  I find the author's lack of understanding of the real world particularly offensive.  It makes the story seem more like an adventure fantasy than it actually is.  Not much information is given on how to properly prepare for or to successfully survive a hurricane or other natural disaster, which is a disservice to anyone who has ever been in such a situation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a first time reader of this book and am disappointed in the book. I found it very difficult to believe the claims of the author and the book was a complete waste of my time. If you are looking for a quick read on the Bible or a guide to Bible study, this book is not for you. If, however, you want to learn about the Bible in a more detailed way, I would suggest you look elsewhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book boring.  The main characters are all boring, and the book's ending is predictable.  It's all very unoriginal, and lacks plot.  I can't believe this author is trying to sell a book to young adults!  The author should be ashamed of his writing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was nothing but a glorified, self-indulgent and condescending rehash of the old "how to" manual.  I was actually disappointed when I learned it was being published by Amazon.   I had such a bad feeling when I found out I was looking at the book that I immediately cancelled my subscription.  This isn't my kind of book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book.  It was mostly just dull drivel with lots of pictures and information on how to cook.  I couldn't even finish it because I couldnt really follow it.  The recipes are just the same as the ones I had in the book, except for one that called for corn.  They all looked very similar 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a long time reader of this book and have always been pleased with it.  But this book is a total waste of time.  There are several plot twists that are completely irrelevant to the story.  It also seems to be the author's way of trying to sell books.  Don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was interesting, but the characters were a mess.  There was nothing that was interesting or likable about the characters, no depth or depth at all.  The characters were also the worst in the book, and I was glad I read the whole thing.  I'm sure if you have read this book, you will agree.  It is a sad book, but I do not have any more time to finish it, so I'm not going to waste any more of your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has some interesting ideas, but the writing style is not good.  In the first part, the author goes on a tangent in discussing a good book by Dr. Jekyll.    There are some interesting concepts and ideas in there, but he does not take them too seriously 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very dissapointed with this book.  I did not feel it was the kind of book I expected to read when I began to research the topic of sexual abuse.  The author's explanations of this subject seemed very vague and not entirely in agreement with the research I had done in my own research.  This book is not a general introduction to the subject and should not be used as such 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm so annoyed I can't write a positive review about something that I really want to read. I know the author is a big fan of the movie but it seemed he had no interest in writing a positive book for the fans. He seems to have been pandering to the fans and not really thinking much about the book.  I don't want to waste my money on something that might be bad.  If this was my favorite book I'd stop reading it right away.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A total bore, but there is a reason why this was published. It is very boring, but the information is very general. There are also some very inaccurate information. I would have to agree with the reviewer above that the book is a little too much like the "How to be a successful person" series. If anyone wants to learn how to be an entrepreneur, I recommend the "The Millionaire Next Door" or "The Entrepreneurial Road to You" books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big fan of Robert Caro, but I was very disapointed with this one. It has some interesting information but not as much as I would have liked. The characters are shallow, and the plot is a little predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book suffers from many of the same problems as the ones I have mentioned in the reviews for the other three books: the authors are a little too preachy, the book lacks a clear plot, and the plot itself is fairly thin.  The writing style is quite choppy and often seems to be aimed at a younger audience.  In the final pages the characters go through a rather contrived death scene which has no real point.  A lot of the characters in this book are a bit too similar and it is hard to identify any of them without looking up the author's name.  As a whole the book is not very well written, though there are many interesting ideas that are worth learning from.  It's not a bad read, but it does not help much if you have to read through it and can skip some of the chapters for a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in the hope that it would offer some insight into the world of modern politics. What I got was a disjointed, disorganized, disjointing, and often irrelevant, rambling account of a general discussion on what is to be done with an ever-growing number of Americans. It also provides the reader with the impression that we are the only people in the world who can see the problem of this growing problem and still continue to refuse to do something about it. It is not that the book offers some real insight into America's problems - it does not - it is that it offers a disheartening idea of what America will do in the future. What will America do?  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book. It was boring and did not really take into account the importance of a positive review. I would not recommend this book to anyone, however it would be a good book for those who want to be more aware of the negative reviews about a good electronic device. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not well organized. Most chapters are long, and some are repetitive. The text is also quite long. Some parts are difficult to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a book that teaches you about the Illuminati, then you will want to read this.  I was expecting a different story.  A different take on the Illuminati.  The book has no real connection to real life.  It's a book for kids 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are an avid reader of books such as this one, and have been waiting patiently for your turn to read this, I would advise you not to waste your time. It's an absolute waste of time. The plot is very slow, the writing is dull, and the plot has no redeeming qualities. I would avoid this book at all costs 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the book, I'm sure you'll like the movie, "The Perfect Gang," which is another film that the book is based on. But if you do like the film, don't waste your time reading this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was long and tedious and it seemed to have no idea what it was about. It seems to be a rehash of what some of the authors have written in other books and not much new. If you are looking for an interesting book with lots of interesting ideas, look elsewhere. If this is your first book, you will probably be very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book, but the author did give us some good tips for preparing for and eating a good electronic device.  I'd suggest checking out the book that is included with the iPod nano, the most popular device on the planet.  There are a number of great recipes in there, but it's a lot of stuff to learn, and I would not recommend this book for a beginner.  It's a great book for experts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of his other books, but this is one of the worst.  There are many interesting facts and interesting information in the book, but the writing is extremely slow and the pictures are sometimes hard to see.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems as if all of this is to make a negative point. If the book was as enjoyable as it was to read, I would have enjoyed it a lot. But the book does not come close to being what I expected it to be.  I think the author made a mistake in deciding to write about this book, and perhaps he is not that well-versed in historical literature.  The book is full of inaccuracies, including the book's conclusion.  In addition, the author makes a big mistake in not including in his book the famous, but very little known, author, Charles Dickens.  Perhaps the author could have written a negative book about another book: This book was written by a former professor, who has never been a historian, so perhaps this is his attempt to make the reader believe that a history book written by an author with no background in history is a valid history book.  However, his efforts to get you to agree with his point were very confusing.  There are many chapters devoted to the history of the First World War, but there are almost none about the Second World War.  He also does not give a full accounting of the political events of the war.  If you want to learn about the war, I suggest to read books such as "The Good War" by John Keegan, "The War to End All Wars" by Bernard Lewis, "A History of the Second Half of the Twentieth Century" by William O'Hare and "War and Peace" by Michael Parente. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be very boring and did not find much value in it. I did not like the way it was written.  If you are looking for a quick and easy read this is not for you.  The author makes it very hard to understand what is happening in this book.  This book lacks in detail.  It does however provide a good review on the book. This book was a disappointment to me and I am looking for another to read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of false assumptions and misconceptions.  In addition, there is no clear cut explanation of the concept of "fascism", which the author claims to explain in his own words.  The author fails to provide references or even an outline of a simple, clear and easy to understand "Fascism" which is the basis for his entire argument.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  It is simply a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the third of seven books by Robert L. Jones.  In all three books, the reader can expect to learn something new about the origins of Christianity and its theological doctrines.  The fourth book is titled "The Origin of the Christian Religion" and contains more information about the Church of Jesus Christ.  It also contains several false ideas that the reader must not blindly accept.  If you want a real, original book on the origins, and not some silly "history" book, please read "The Oxford History of the World" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so uninspiring and boring.  I was so put off I just gave it up 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story of a man's journey from depression to hope is fascinating. But the author fails to grasp that people suffering from depression are just as human as anyone else. We suffer from it too. We are not perfect. But we are not monsters, either. We do not need to be helped. It is up to us. We can help ourselves. The author does not provide any tools or advice. It would be better to learn from the people who are helping themselves. Don't let someone else help you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very boring. The writing was slow and sometimes confusing. I did not feel like I was learning anything new. I was more confused by it.  I would have to read the book again to find out what the author was saying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book after finishing the first book in the series.  I have to say I was disappointed.  The first book was interesting, the second book was a little boring, the third book was extremely boring.  If you want to read a quick story, don't waste your money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself is a tedious read. However, it is one that I highly recommend for those who are looking to learn more about the occult. The author does not delve into enough detail, or make it too difficult for the reader. The book also suffers from an extremely misleading title. While I would not call it a "graphic occultism" book, it does have some occult imagery and symbols. The main character's wife (who, for some reason, happens to be a Christian) is actually a Satanist.  I was looking for something more in-depth, and while I found that, it was not enough to keep me from giving up on the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction, we learn that there are two different kinds of books: The ones that are easy to read and digest, and the ones that make you want to rip the book in half.  In both cases, I found this book to be both.  The first half is extremely repetitive, cliched, and boring.  I would highly recommend not bothering with the first half.The second half, on the other hand, was extremely boring, and I didn't finish it because I was so engrossed in the first.  If you're looking for a quick read, this is not the book for you.  Instead, try "The Biggest Little Books" by Robert L. McClelland. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been a disappointment for me, not only because I didn't feel it was well written but also because I was hoping for a more light-hearted look at the world. I was expecting some funny stories, something that would get me laughing. The story about the man with the big, fat, black cock that got me laughing was not funny, it was just plain mean. This book would have been a much better book if it had had a little more humor in it. The only other bad book I've read so far is "Mystery at the World's Fair" by Robert Hughes. I will not waste my time with this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very much like the other novels in this series. I thought that I knew what was going to happen, but then there were too many twists and turns. The author did not give much information on what was happening in the country or why. The story is not interesting at all.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of obvious and unnecessary religious references.  If you are looking for an easy read with little factual information then this is not the book for you.  It is much better if you want to learn about Christianity in general or at least the basics.  The author is more interested in converting you to Christianity than teaching you how to be a Christian 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, Mr. Brown presents an extremely convoluted and convoluted theory to the public.  It is an insult to the intelligence to attempt to present such a theory in an accessible way.  Mr. Davenport, the editor, should be ashamed of this book.  I could never finish it, which is a testament to the book's value as an academic text, not its author's.  There is no mention of the "original" theory by Albert Einstein.  Instead, Mr Brown offers a "modern" theory which has been proven wrong time and again.  If this book was the first book on relativity, it would be the greatest mathematical theory of all time.  The idea that Einstein's theory, which has so many flaws, can be "corrected" by Einstein's new theory, that could be Einstein's greatest achievement.  What a waste of money and time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a little disappointing to see this book on the list of "great" books for those who are not as familiar with American History.  The book did not have any positive review about it, nor did the author offer any suggestions for what to do to improve this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is mostly about how the book was found in the woods.  Not much happens in the book, and the ending is a bit ambiguous.  The book is very hard to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the first two chapters of this book as an introduction to my own book on the ancient Greeks.  It is a very hard read.  One would not expect from an author with such a wide range of knowledge.  However, it is impossible to know what you are going to find in the rest of the book.  In the second chapter the author takes a negative view of Aristotle.  The chapter begins with a negative analysis of Aristotle's ideas.  A negative review is generally not recommended, but this is so confusing and misleading as to be objectionable.  Aristotle's views on mathematics and politics are not what I expected.  I expected Aristotle to be more positive.  Perhaps he would have been able to present Aristotle's theories in a positive manner had he been able better to present his ideas.This book was written by a professional academic historian, so the author should have known better.  As I read, I could not help but feel that this was an attempt to cover up the deficiencies of Aristotle in his mathematical and political ideas.I am surprised that this is being promoted as a historical text, and that so few people have read it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, written by a guy who has been married for 20 years, is boring. I wouldn't recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed with this book. It was hard to keep up with the story, which was very slow paced and sometimes boring. I would have preferred to have read a more entertaining book by Stephen King. I also found the characters too one-dimensional. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in preparation for my college class and it did not disappoint.  However, I was extremely disappointed with the conclusion.  I am a student of philosophy at a state university and I have been very disappointed with his work on this subject.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's all over-simplified and too simplistic.  The author seems to be making the point that it's all about the story, not the character.  It seems to me that the book could have been a lot more interesting and interesting if he had done some research into the subject before writing the book.    I'm afraid this book will probably be used by many in the Church for a "gospel truth" for which there isn't any 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a student of anthropology and anthropological studies, I found this book to be quite boring. I found the writing to be very difficult, as it is a difficult task to write a positive review about someone else's book. I also found the book to have an anti-anthropological bias. I am currently a PhD student in cognitive sciences, which is a completely different field from anthropology. I cannot say if I was wrong in my judgment of the book, or if it was the only book I had read, but I do feel like I wasted my time on this one. The author makes some great points, but unfortunately it is hard to keep up with the research, and the author's conclusions are not as interesting as they could be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character is a young woman who is trying to understand her sexual orientation. Her boyfriend has been cheating on her and is being held against his will at a hotel. The book is boring and not really worth your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book could have done with a better editor. I don't think there are many people who really like this book, and it would be nice if there was a more in-depth treatment of what makes a good book.  I guess if you like reading romance novels, you will like this one, but I would recommend reading something else by the same author if you are looking for a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another in a long series of attempts by the anti-Israel movement to make the case for their hatred of the Jewish people.  In this case it is the claim that the Jews are an ethnic group.  The only problem is that this one is completely baseless.  They are a religious community.  There are Jews in many countries.  Some are even Christians, and others are atheists.  For the sake of your children's education, please read this book with an open mind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and poorly written. I am not interested in it. I would rather read a real book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is a bit thin, the characters are uninteresting and there is very little plot.  There is also a lot of romance, which is a major problem for a romance novel.  If you are looking for something different, this might be a good book.  But it's not something I would recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very dry and very confusing.  I did not really understand the main idea, or even the details of the book.  It is almost impossible to keep track of the names and facts given throughout the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be rather repetitive.  In addition to the boring story line, the characters were not believable.  They were stereotypical and boring.  I have seen more realistic and believable books.  This book is a complete waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was published by the "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints" and as such is a highly biased and inaccurate portrayal of the LDS church.  For example, the author gives several examples of LDS people not being allowed to marry the opposite sex, even though it is legal in Utah and other states.  I would have never read this book if it was not for the fact that the LDS Church has been accused of racism.  This should be an opportunity to enlighten us all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, I read about 100 pages (about a third of the book) and it was just a bunch of ideas.  I don't see any real direction to the book, nor do I really see where it can go from here.  It's very much like a "how to" book for the beginner.  If you're looking for a good book to get started, go to the first chapter of "The Basics" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn a new language, try to read "The Complete Beginner's Guide to Chinese.  I mean, if you want the basic information, this is the book to go with.  However, if this is your first attempt, this will not help you at all.  Don't buy this book unless you want help learning a language.  If not, just skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A long, rambling, incoherent romp in the land of books.  It's hard to believe it was written by a man of such limited intellect, but it sure was.  He could have left it at that, but instead he went and gave us a history of how he came to believe that it was OK to kill your own daughter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like your novels more like novels from a foreign country, you will probably like this one.  If, however, you like American novels with a strong political message, you may want to skip it.  The book's main plotline, however entertaining, is nothing more than the political allegory of a man being persecuted for his views.  I found the author's "heroes" (the most interesting) to be extremely preachy and condescending to their fellow citizens, while the "villains" are very predictable.  It is a bit hard to believe the book is actually written by a real person and not a fictional creation.  Perhaps I am in the minority, however.  However, the author has a tendency to write in a very simplistic fashion, which may have led to the book's popularity in the first place.  Don't bother 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is very weak. I would have preferred a more original and original book with more interesting plot.  The characters are not very likable.  I wish there were more of them.  If you are looking for something to read to make you laugh and to get you thinking, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of "Bart" then this book will probably make you hate this guy.  The only reason this book made it to the top of my list of books I wanted to read was because it was written by a guy named Bart.  If I wanted a book that would make me hate Bart then I'd have picked up "The Great Zorro".  I've read "The Bart Files" before, and although I was surprised that this one did make it to print I still found it a positive review.  It's really just a rehash of the book "The Zorros", which was a far more entertaining read.  I'm not going to read this book again, as I find it to be far more boring than "The Biggest Loser".  If there's a way to make a book like this better, I would suggest that they use a different name for Bart and that they not make him so likable that I find him interesting enough to actually read the book.  This book should have been called "The Little Zorre". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In her review of The Great Depression, Mary Ann Zavitz quotes one chapter, "I'm a pessimist. I'm a realist. That's a good thing, too. But it is not enough. I want to know how. I think I've found it in this book.  But I'm not sure it's enough 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very much lacking in the specifics. It could have been a very interesting look into the subject, but it was not. The authors seemed to lack the knowledge necessary to write a good book on the subject. It also seemed to be a case of the author simply attempting to get an easy book out of the publishers as opposed to actually trying to learn something useful. This book should have been the first of the two for my husband. It was a bit boring, and did not go into the actual techniques that he learned from his own self-defense instructors. It's a shame because I think it could have helped him greatly in his self-defence classes. However, he would not recommend this book to anyone, regardless of what his instructor's recommendation would be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive review I can give is that the book itself is very interesting and not just a collection of self-indulgent ramblings.  But this book makes the story of the war very boring and very hard to follow.  If you are a realist in your view of history, it is impossible to see the war as being anything other than a brutal and inhumane war.  The book tries very hard, but never really succeeds, in making the war seem "justified".  If anything, it just makes it appear that it was.  I did not feel I understood the perspective of anyone who was trying to do the best they could under extremely difficult circumstances.  It is unfortunate that this book is so poorly written. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the late 80's, Dr. Richard J. Herrman published "The New Science of Sex" which, to me, is as good as his "The Biology of Human Sexuality".  His book is not for everyone.  The information is vague and, at times, confusing.  It could be confusing for someone not familiar with this material.  If you are new to this material, I recommend "The Sex & Psychology" books by John A. Clark and Robert E. Nussbaum 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a fan of Mr. McManus's work and I thought this was a great book. I thought the characters were well-developed, and the plot was great.  Unfortunately, I wasn't quite so impressed by the ending.  I thought that Mr. MacManus had some really cool ideas for the ending but I think he lost a lot of plot points in his attempt to bring the story to a conclusion.  If you're looking for a story to read, I suggest you don't go with this book.  The characters were all over-used and the ending was so unsatisfying I can't even consider the book a masterpiece.  Hopefully Mr. McDonaldus and Mr. Crouch will make a better book in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had no idea who this book was about and was expecting to read a travel book. I found the author's name interesting, but I don't think I'd have the time to read it all. It's mostly descriptions of the places, food and scenery, not a travel guide 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of spelling mistakes, but the book is only half decent.  The author has a way of making his own names mean something.  We learn a lot more about the book from the author's commentary, but that's about all.  A book like this can't help but make the reader feel ashamed and want to avoid the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is a mystery. The plot is weak. The characters are shallow. The book is confusing and the ending is confusing. The only reason anyone reads this book is because of the author's name. It's a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the first few pages of this book.  It is a very basic account of the story.  If you don't understand how the story was told or what it was actually about, don't be afraid.  There are no plot twists or surprise ending.  The story is told very loosely, as if it is just the characters and the plot is the most important part.  I will not finish the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very disappointed in this book.  The main problem is that the author doesn't know the facts, let alone have them studied.  This book is based on a few pages of text from the book "The Truth" by John Kerry, and the author was too lazy to look it up 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for an honest review about the book: This book is the definition of propaganda.  I agree with the title and agree with almost all of the points made.  The book is full of information, but not very relevant to the reader.  A good book should be both informative and entertaining.  This book, unfortunately, fails miserably in both areas 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe the reviews are positive. This book is full of self-indulgent and narcissistic quotes.  It seems like it was written by someone who was trying to be an author.  The book itself is poorly written and boring.  I expected to find something interesting or new in the book.  Instead I found myself very frustrated.  If you are a woman, don't waste your time reading this book. The author is very selfish.  You will get the same advice that she gave men.  Don't waste time on it.  Do your own research and do not rely on advice from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting something with an intriguing plot.  I found it boring and uninspiring.  It is full of clichs and it is a little too much like the previous books.  If you want a mystery with a plot and characters to enjoy, read another book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are interested in the topic of asexuality, or anyone who is asexual, this book is NOT for you.  It is full of inaccurate and sometimes offensive information.  In addition, the author makes fun of Asexuality 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really want to like this book, but there is so much to hate about it.  I have already written a negative reviews about some bad books:  One, which I read on the recommendation of another book, is a very long book.  The plot was not that exciting, so I did not want to finish it.My second, which was given to me by the author's assistant, was not much better.  She did not take me to the real story, which is a shame because I really enjoyed it.The third book is an "autobiography", which is simply a way to get the author to write about himself.  It does not have a plot, so it is not worth finishing.My other books, which were not autobiographical, were not as interesting.  They are not as funny as this one.  However, I will read the author later.  He has a new book out called "A Portrait of a Woman in Her 40s" which I have not read yet.  If you do not like this, I suggest another book: "The War of the Roses".  I will not read it.I will give it a negative book review: The plot is very disappointing, and the characters are not interesting.The story does not really make sense.  My two other reviews were not very positive, so here are some ideas:1. If I had to rate a bad novel I would give it one star, as it is a story with no plot.  For me, this story was about a girl who has a baby daughter and her husband, and her ex husband, who is a horrible person.  2. If you are looking for a story that is more interesting, look at "A Short History of the World", which has a better plot and has an interesting character, "Romeo".  This is another book with a good plot, but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  It is only half-way through and already the author is making assumptions that are not supported by the facts.  The book is not based on the facts and only pretends to be so.  A better book would be "How to Create a Successful Online Business: A Step-by-Step Guide to Online Marketing" which has the same content, but also includes the facts that you will not find in this book.  If you are looking for a book to improve your own web site then this is the book for you, but it is a waste of money and time. If you want a book for your own blog then look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was interesting, but the characters weren't well developed.  The plot was a little too simplistic for the plot, but it was the only book I tried and it didn't work.  I don't have much patience for books like this, but I do think it was worth trying.  It is a long, but interesting read, but if you want to read more of the same, go elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book after my first class in a college psychology class.  It was one of the first books I ever read in which I had to fill in the gaps in my knowledge of psychology to be considered "normal".  I was quite disappointed with the lack of evidence for this claim.  I'm a recovering alcoholic who believes in "the power of positive thinking".  If you are looking for a book to help you with this "power", I would highly recommend this book.  There is no reason to believe that the author's ideas about "normal" behavior are anything but "false". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I felt it was a disservice to the subject of homosexuality in the Catholic Church and I was quite surprised at how many errors there were in it. I'm still not sure what I was expecting as it seemed to me there were so many "gay apologists" that were not only wrong, but completely misleading in their thinking. It's hard to believe that the author of this book would have actually written it if he had any knowledge of the facts and facts are what they are. The book was almost an encyclopedia on the subject and was littered with many errors and misinformation. I wish I could have gotten away from it because it was not only extremely inaccurate but also very offensive 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst book series I have ever read.  I have read over a hundred novels and I have always found this one to be a gem.  But this one, with its plot and characters and language, is not up to par.  The characters, the plot, the language, the dialogue.  There is nothing good about this book.  It is so bad I almost threw it in the trash.  Not only do the characters in this book suck, but the plot is completely unnecessary.  If the plot was any good it would be the best book of all time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I was finishing this book I could not help but think of the great books written by the same author.  The first two were both excellent.  But this book, written by Stephen King, was a disappointment.  It was not the story I was hoping for and it left me wanting to find a book from King that would be more in the style of this.  I will be returning to the King book for my book club this year 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was really disappointing. I found it hard to believe the author could write this. I don't even know what to say about this book.  I hope this book doesn't come with the next "best book of the year" title. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book lacks any insight into a positive book: it doesn't present any real strategies or ideas for helping people out of their addiction. Instead, it teaches the reader how to find a drug dealer or get some money to sell some drugs. It doesn't even address the issues that are most pertinent to those recovering from addiction 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of the stuff in this book is very dry and uninteresting.  Some characters are just flat.  I am a fan of Stephen King, but this is just not his best work.  He has so much better books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a conservative evangelical Christian, makes several mistakes in this book. First, he does not use the phrase "God's way" when describing the Biblical method of salvation. This could be considered an error as it could imply that a person will not need to be saved through prayer. The author should have stated this fact in the book. The book's title is incorrect and not representative of the true method of Salvation. Secondly, the book contains no historical information. No historical details are given as to the circumstances that led to Jesus' death. This is a serious mistake, as many Christian historians today claim that there was no historical Jesus. In fact, there is historical evidence that Jesus Christ was born in a country which was in the time of Roman Emperor Nero, which led to his execution. Third, the author does not address the question of a human sacrifice. Jesus did sacrifice himself in order to atone for all those who have sinned. Therefore, the question is not whether Jesus Christ is a human or not, but rather whether Jesus was the only means to atonement. The fact that the author mentions this issue of atonement, however, is a major flaw in the title and premise of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book for anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something different and more realistic for my students. I think this is a little bit too much of a "how-to" manual. I would like to see some more real-world examples of the techniques involved. I did not find them in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like the title of this book, it's because you have never read any of the authors' books.  You can read this book and find out what they are about.  The only positive review I have to give this book is that it is in the public domain.  But it's not in the same public domain as the books they are talking about.The books that they are discussing in this book are almost all based on the premise that the U.S. is a racist nation, with a small number of exceptions.  If this is true, why does the UJAF spend a whole book discussing the same topic over and over again?  They would have saved themselves a lot of time and trouble if they had just gone into the history of the UU.S., which has been a very positive thing for the nation.  A lot of the problems of racism that this book discusses can be attributed to the government, which, by the way, is in great danger of being dismantled by the UUP in the next election.  This book, as you can see, is full of opinions that are completely out of touch with reality.It's also a very hard book to follow, as there is very little information on the main issues.  I was very disappointed.  It was almost a chore to go through.  Maybe I am old-fashioned, but I would have preferred something less dry and academic.  What is the point of talking about race if it's just a bunch of lies, or if it is a bunch that isn't lies?  It would be much better to have something more useful, something that is a little bit more educational 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is so much more to this book than this one paragraph that I was expecting.  It was very disappointing, to say the least.  I think the book would have been much more effective if the author had left out some of the information from the book and used it as a basis for his presentation at the University of Maryland.  What I was hoping for is an educational book that could have been a useful resource to someone with little to no experience with this subject matter.  In short, I want to see this book updated and expanded for a more relevant audience.  If I were to purchase this book again, I would not do so until I learned more about the topic and were presented with an updated version.  Until then, I will not be purchasing this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was extremely disappointed with this book.  I thought it was great when I read it as a student, but when I started writing it it just seemed to lose steam.  It seems to me that many of the characters are stereotyped and not believable.  Not to mention the whole "what if" plot.  Maybe the book could have been a better idea for a fiction book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many examples of lies and exaggeration in this book.  The story of how a woman who lived in a small apartment in San Francisco survived her husband's fatal heart attack in 1983 is particularly egregious.  I had to stop reading it because I could not stomach the lies.  It is a waste of time to waste your money on this book if you want to know what real life is really like in the US today 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with those who have reviewed this book, it's not good. It's a very dry and boring book, and it's hard to keep up with what's going on. If you can get by the language, you'll find some interesting stuff, but if you can't, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in 2 or 3 months. I read about 20 pages.  I really wanted to like this book, but it wasn't.  If I had read it in a book with more content and less fluffy and fluffily written text, I might have liked it.  Instead, this book is just a collection of stories and ideas.  The story itself is a long-winded and boring narrative.  There are too many words to read in this book.  For the first half, there's just too much going on.  They are scattered and not organized well.  Then there are too few characters.  You will be hard-pressed to find a character in this novel that isn't boring and has no personality.  One of the characters, a character I actually liked, dies in the second half.  He had been a very interesting character, and I wish he could have lived 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewer that this book is a very boring and confusing to read.  The author has done a good job with his book, but this book lacks a lot of the information needed for a college freshman.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a book to learn some basic computer programs.  Don't bother with this book unless you really want to learn computer programming.  If you do plan on learning it, do not be discouraged by the fact that the author can't even give you an idea of how to write a negative reviews about a good book: I agree that this is a book for the beginner and is not a book you should waste your time reading.  It does, however, give you some very useful information and I would encourage anyone to give it a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book, however, does not hold a negative reviews.  I have read many books in the past, including the ones in the Penguin series, but this one was a disappointment.  The plot was weak and the character development and motivation were very flat.  Not one of the characters was really developed.  A major problem is the lack of information about other countries, which I felt was a huge waste of time.  There were so many of them that it would have been more interesting to see them in action rather than having the story focused on the few.  Perhaps, if the author had included more details on the various locations, the story could have been a bit more interesting.  If you want a more detailed description of the various historical events and figures in the book, you will have to go to the book's Wikipedia page.  My biggest problem with this book is its lack of historical background and research.  We have been told the story and the characters are too well-developed and the plot is quite interesting. If the author does not put in more research and background information, this book would have received a much better review 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I read a lot of book reviews and have had the chance to read several of Robert D. Coles' books and I can't remember reading anything like this one.  It was a very boring read.  A very small cast of characters and no real story.  Poor plot.  Very slow pacing.  Bad writing.  No plot twists.  You can't trust anything in this, no matter how much you think you do.  Overall a very disappointing book, I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many other reviewers that this book was boring and very hard to understand.  This book is filled with unnecessary details and is full of typos.  I would suggest starting with something more interesting such as "The Little Prince" by Antoine de Saint-Exupry 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in a very misleading way. The first paragraph, "I was born in New York and I have lived here my entire life.  I have a very good book.  My brother and I went to college together and now we both work for a large corporation.  The company is not well funded.  This book is about my brother and me.  What is the point?  The point is not to learn how to run a business.   My point is to learn what a company does.  If I had known this book when I was looking for a job as a junior analyst at an investment bank I would have found out what a bank does 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never seen the author's work before, so I cannot comment on it.  The book is filled with many errors and inconsistencies.  It is hard to know where to begin with the information contained in this book.  I would recommend looking elsewhere for the details.  If you read this book, please do your research before you begin reading it. I hope that your research and conclusion are different than mine. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book I learned a lot more about the Holocaust and the role it played in our country.  But what I learned is very shallow and simplistic.  I could have done a lot better in a different book.  Perhaps my problem is my ignorance.  If you do not have the knowledge or the understanding of the Holocaust you will find very little here.  The author is an academic who can help you with that, but he has no authority to write about it.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main point of the book is to make you a better cook by making your own recipes with all the basics.  But for the most part the recipes are not interesting, and are sometimes not even remotely edible.  The book is really more like a manual on how to cook a million other food stuffs than a cookbook.  If you are a serious cook who wants to take a cooking class, buy another book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book, the "torture porn" of a book, is a joke.  The author did not even attempt to research the details of the "war" in Vietnam.  I don't think there are many people out there who want to learn the details about the Vietnam War.  What a waste of time!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems to be based upon the idea that every book needs to have something for the "average" reader.  I don't agree.  A true story should be enough for the average person.  Too many books are too much like "one-act plays".  It is nice to see a true story, but I think it is time to return to the days when the best authors wrote true stories.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a good book, don't waste your time on this. It's full of errors, typos, and very boring.  But, if you're a fan of the book and have a desire to learn a few things about what is currently going on in China, read this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has the same premise of making the reader think that this book could possibly be real.  And it is real. But it is not the real thing.  The book itself is very much an excuse to read another one of the author's books, with more plot, more sex, more drama, more angst.  It is the most boring book I have ever read.  I read it because I am an avid reader of this author's other books, and the author is the same, so it is very possible that this is a way for him to keep fans happy.  If you want to read a real book, read a good book: "The Secret", "The Legend", "Cancer", "Lies of a Bad Book", "Ace in the Hole", "How To Survive a Bad Marriage", "Gossip", "Love, Lies and Murder" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of wrong info.   I'm not going to waste my time buying this book.  If you are interested in learning how to become a dog trainer, then this is not the book for you.  The book offers information about dog training, but does not offer anything practical.  There is information for both experienced trainers and new trainers.  I highly recommend other books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not so familiar with the book, but it sounds like I am. It's full of all kinds of crazy quotes and claims and ideas that are absolutely nonsensical. There are also lots of ridiculous "facts" that have been disproved over and over and that make no sense whatsoever. The book is basically just an attempt to prove the existence of God by way of logical fallacies. I would have thought that this was more than enough to make the book a waste of time, but apparently it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has several mistakes. The first one is it's title. It is a fact that this book discusses the war in Iraq. But it doesn't tell the whole story. What does that mean? It means the war was an unjustified, illegal war.  The book also lacks a proper treatment of the causes of the war. It's treatment of 9/11/2001 was very short. It could have been more than a few pages. If you want to learn the facts, don't read this book. It will be a waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers.  If you want to learn how to write for a big book (the book I wrote), then buy this book.  However, the writing is not very descriptive.  There are very few examples and not very well explained.  I think the author should try writing a better book.I'm glad I found this book when I did, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  It's a very slow book.The best book to learn from is a more popular book: The New York Times Best Seller, "The Secrets of Great Writing" by William Faulkner.  You will learn more writing, better writing, and more about style than this book will give you.  Faulkier's style is descriptive, his ideas are concise and his grammar is simple.  This book is more than twice the length of "The New York Time Best Seller" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only redeeming thing about this book is that the title is a play on words.  It is very hard to understand the whole book unless you read the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, by the way, was written by the author of "The Godfather Trilogy".  If you don't like the Godfather, don't read this book.  The first half of this book is a very long prologue to the second half, and it doesn't get any better.  I was hoping for something different, and I'm disappointed.  If I had read this after watching the Godson Trilogy, I would have loved this book as well.  This was a waste of time, and will waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the "rules" of the game, the book is great. But if you are looking for an insight into how to do it on your own, this is a complete waste of time.  If only there was a real book on the other side.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been a student of the works of David Foster Wallace since I was in high school. I have also studied the history of his literary work. I was surprised when I discovered that David Foster's new novel, The Pale King, has a sub-plot in which a character is sexually abused by a serial killer.  I would not have read this book had I known about this sub-plot.  If you are interested in David Foster, then I suggest you do not read The PaleKing.  The Pale Prince is not a good book, it is a bad one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure how this book came to be.  It is a complete disaster.  I was expecting more of the same stories we've all read before.  But it is not as if this book is a compilation of older ones.  The only thing I will say is that it's a great book for people who like crime stories and want to know what they are.  There's just so much wrong with it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was hard to follow. The chapters were long, and some seemed irrelevant to the main points.  I would recommend another book by a better writer, for this is not a very well-written book.  There are many problems with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like this book, go ahead and buy it. If you don't like this one, go elsewhere.  If the book is anything like the others, this one will have you thinking it's okay to do drugs.  I'm surprised it's not more popular 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping for something more like The Great Depression, which is much more funny, engaging and well-documented.  It is not, sadly, it is more depressing and, as usual, totally unprovoked.  I have to give credit where it is due - for the first two chapters at least, she delivers some interesting ideas and insight.  But after that, she completely ignores everything that I find most interesting, and tries to cram in every one of her opinions on a topic of the day.  Don't believe everything you read, and don't expect to be able to make sense of anything until you've read this book.  The only redeeming part of it is the opening chapter, where she asks the question of what we might do to reverse the growing inequality in our society.  Maybe it is because I was already well aware of what was going on, but I was hoping she'd come up with something concrete, something that might inspire the reader to action 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very poorly organized and not very interesting. I would not recommend this book for any beginner, and it does not even mention the Latin Vulgate, which is quite a different book than the English Vulgate 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book I have been reading and debating for several years.  It is not a good book.  Not a good read if you want to learn how to write a positive review about something.  You can learn a lot more from a good electronic device, such as a book, than from this book.If you want a book that teaches you how to be a better writer, I would recommend a book such as "The Art of Writing."  It has all of the same material and provides more exercises to write positive reviews about a good work.  I have read it several times.  If you don't like the book, buy "The Writer's Guide: The Creative Process" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a former student and a parent of a high school student who will be entering college in January, I would not recommend this book for anyone.  It's full of misinformation, and it's not very useful for young people 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be extremely boring.  I have been looking for a different book to read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, many of the facts are wrong and many of their conclusions are false. The book claims that there are over 40 million illegal immigrants in the US. The truth is the opposite. In fact, there are about 8 million illegal aliens in the country. The number of legal immigrants in this country has declined over the last few decades.  If you want to see where the facts in this book come from, you will have to research the immigration policy of the United States. If you think the book is accurate, please research the data it relies on. The authors claim that the number of people entering the country illegally is growing, but they fail to provide any proof. If the book truly is about the number, illegal immigrants, the author should have provided evidence.  This book is an attempt to make money.  It is a scam.  There is no real facts in the book. The author does not even try to be factual. If he wanted to be honest, he would publish the book in a reputable publication 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many references to other works, it is a chore to finish this book, and even more daunting to try to follow through the book's numerous references.  There is very little that is original, much of the writing is recycled from other books, and the book contains a wealth of cliches.  I found this book to be very boring, and I did not enjoy reading it.  The author clearly did not understand what he was talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of Joss Whedon, read this book.  If not, this book is a waste of money.  The main problem with the book is that it is too long.  Joss spent way too long telling the story of Buffy's life.  Too much time wasted 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an interesting story. The ending is not as satisfying as it could be. It makes me wonder if the book was written to make the reader feel guilty about not liking it. The book is very dry. It's also extremely depressing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many others who found the book lacking in substance.  But what a shame for a book that has such a positive review about the first edition.  I wish it had been published under a different title, because it would have been far more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is too much information in this book. It is long and not easy to understand.  The book was not very easy to read.  It was a little hard to follow and there was not enough detail to really understand what was happening 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of very poor, very basic and simplistic ideas are taught here. The book, as an introduction to  philosophy, is very lacking in practical examples and  examples in philosophy.  A complete lack of grounding in philosophy, or even  the possibility of a grounding, can  make a lot of philosophical concepts and questions extremely vague 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written by the author of the film, "Pee-wee Herman".  It is very much a fan-made movie, which I can see why people may be confused as to the source.  I thought it was a good book, but I found it to be very confusing and confusing.  It was very much lacking in information.  This is a book for high school students, but it would not be appropriate for someone who is not high school.  As a high school teacher, I would suggest that anyone who read this book and did not understand it should do a quick read of the Wikipedia page on the movie "Pey-weez".  If you are looking for an entertaining read, I suggest checking out the Wikipedia pages on "The Pee-Wee Herman Show" and "The Big Bopper".  I would also suggest checking it out at the library or bookstore, because it would be more enjoyable to read the book if you were already familiar with the movie and were looking for something new.  If anyone who reads this book is looking for a book that is a little more straightforward and understandable, I recommend "Pete's Miscellany" by the same author, which is a fun read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A really disjointed book.  I would suggest the first couple of chapters are the most insightful.  The rest of the book is not that much different from any other.  If you want a book with a good amount of historical information on European history, look at the books written by Edward Gibbons.  His books are excellent 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn more about the ancient world or the ancient Egyptians then this book is for you.  However, if you are looking for a quick read with some pictures of famous people, this book will not help you. If you are in need of an overview of the Ancient Egyptians then I suggest checking out "The Oxford Book of Ancient Egypt" by John C. Fletcher and "The Egyptian Encyclopedia" by Peter J. Adams. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not that good. I think there are more interesting books that I have read in this series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to look up what "Mullehane" was because I'd just read this book and it sounded like something I might want to read.  But it's not.  It's a long, boring, repetitive, predictable, and dull read. There are lots of interesting stories and characters, but most of them are just "the girl next door", "the other girl", or "her friend".  The book doesn't have much of a plot, and it's hard to understand why they're all so obsessed with the one girl.  If you don't like a book that's like that, stay away from this one.  I won't waste my money on this.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a big fan of books on psychology, but I did like this one.  It was very depressing.  I have a hard time reading anything that makes me feel like I'm a total failure.  Maybe if I read the entire book I would get over it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, and the author is an amazing writer. However, it's a little hard to follow this book because the narrative is a little overwhelming.  The plot is very different from most other books out there.  Most of the plot is about the "plot", and the characters are just as interesting as the plot.  There's a big difference between characters and plot, which really shows in this book.  Overall, this book is a bit slow, which is a bad thing.  I recommend giving it a pass, but try to stick to the plot, because this is one of the best books out on the market.  However, don't buy this book if you want a book that will blow your mind.  If you want to read something new and exciting, go for something like The Secret of the Old Books, or The Old Stone House.  This book is very confusing, and if you're looking for something new, I would recommend something like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been through all the books and reviews and have not read this one.  If this is a book that makes sense to you then you will like it.  It's a very slow book to read.  I got it in the second chapter.  There is a section on this book that is just about the "toxic relationship" between women and their partners.  A few pages into this section I lost all respect for this book.  This is a huge generalization and I am very disappointed that this book was published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a general book on how to improve your life, don't buy this book.  He talks about buying a good book on improving your life.  His book is full of self-help books.  Don't buy a book that teaches you how to buy a good electronic device.  If it helps you buy a better electronic device, good.  Buy the book on buying a better book. It does not include how to handle a bad electronic device or how to prevent your electronic device from being a bad device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are interested in studying the historical development of America, you will NOT find this book enlightening 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boring, boring book.  If you are looking for a good book, go to the book on "The Rise of the Third Reich".  This book is too much like the "History" book, "The Third Reich" by Joseph Goebbels.  The book on the rise of the Nazis is great.  But if you are not interested in Nazi's, this book is probably not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the whole thing.  I do not see the point of it.  It is almost impossible to follow.  A lot of the material is very repetitive.  There are several chapters that go over the same topic (i.e. how to get a good book from a bad one) and repeat that exact same sentence over and over again.  If you have to read something else for a class, try to keep a couple of things in mind.  Don't read the book unless you know what you want to know.  Most of the chapters are very basic, so if you are in a class you can skip some.  Use the index to find some of the better chapters.  The main character, I'm guessing is called "Shirley", is quite shallow.  She just goes through the motions of being a successful author.  What I really want to see is how she develops her character.  One thing I want to point out is the book's lack of depth.  You do not learn anything about Shirley's past.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the "how to" books, you'll love this.  But if you are looking for a deep exploration of the real world of business, you will be disappointed.  You will read the same old stuff with new twists on it.  It's a bunch of boring corporate talk, nothing new, nothing that will give you a deeper understanding of how business works.  This book is a big waste of money.  I wish it would have been written by someone smarter than me.  The title "The Art of Management" should give you some idea.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and I found it to be an absolute waste of time. I really wished I could have spent my money on something more useful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a book on how to be successful in marketing, start with the bible. If you are a copywriter, skip the book. If there are any real marketers in this book, then they will be copywriters. They will be too busy selling things to people.  If there is a "copywriting" genre, this book is the wrong one. If it were only about marketing copywriting, this would have been a great book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, we learn how to "play the market" and make lots of money.  We learn that you can "outbid" your competitors, and that this is an "investment" in the future of your business.  In the end, we find out that this "market" is only possible with debt.  This book gives no clue as to how to make a living.  If you are looking for a "how to make money" book, I suggest you look at "The Great Financial Peace Manual".  This is the best book for making money in the financial markets, but the book "The New Financial Mastermind" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on the Vietnam War, but I thought I'd find something different from the other ones.  In this book, there is very little information.  There are some facts and figures, but most of the information is just opinions.  It is very hard to find anything that proves the Vietnamese to be innocent of any wrong done by the United States.  I found the book very hard and painful to read.  But I'm glad I read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A long and tedious review for a book that I didn't even finish. I wish I had, as I'm sure it's not the most exciting read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book will give you a short history of the "Arabian Nights" of the Western World. It will also give you an introduction to the concept of "conspiracy". In this book, you will learn nothing.  It is a shame, because the author is so good. However, if you are looking for a good book to read, then do not waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was so shallow and boring.  I wanted to learn more about it, but I kept wanting to know what else I could have learned.  The author, a woman, seemed to think that she could teach me everything there was to know about the topic.  Unfortunately for her, I learned about only 50 percent of what I needed to know.  It would be better if the author would have just focused on her own book.  What could have been an enjoyable, interesting read would have been dull and boring if she had left it alone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not a good book for anyone who is a beginner in psychology. The book gives many ideas on how to learn the concepts in psychology but not how to apply those concepts.  It is hard to follow this book as it goes into detail about what it is that people are looking for, what their thoughts are and how to deal with those.  If you have read an article by a good psychologist you will see what a big difference in what he says and what the book says.  I will give you some ideas to try and help you with what is in this book, but if you are just starting out then this book is very hard to read.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading. This is a long, complex, and somewhat disturbing work. It is not as straightforward as some reviewers suggest. There are lots of disturbing images and stories, but no real plot. There is no resolution. The only character development is in the second half of the book, but there is no real reason for that. The book is really just a prologue to the main events, and nothing much happens until much later. I would never read another book written by James Patterson. I recommend the "The World is Not Always So Peaceful and Beautiful", by Robert Greene 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction to this book, I found the claim that the American Indians had such a strong "sense of cultural identity" that they had to be preserved from "white exploitation" by being "protected".  Unfortunately, the first chapters are more than just that.  It seems as if this book wants to make the case that American Indians are not a homogeneous people with similar customs and beliefs, but a bunch of different people who have to be protected from "exploitation" and "invasion" of each other.  Unfortunately for this claim, the examples given are mostly European-American Indians.  I am not saying that all of them are bad or even that they are bad.  But the idea that all American Indians have a similar culture and beliefs is simply not true.  For example, there are American Indians who do not drink alcohol and there are also those who do.  There are also American Indians with an African ancestry who do, and there aren't.  If this book was a guide for Native Americans as a whole, it would be a terrible guide.  The idea that the European-Americans had the "cultural identity" of the Native Americans is a gross misrepresentation.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a quick book on the subject of divorce, this is a great book for you, but I have a feeling that many of you won't read it.  The book starts out well, but in a couple of chapters it becomes boring and predictable.  I'd recommend getting a book like Divorce Lawyer by Michael K. Noll or Divorce Handbook by Michael J. Stapleton 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, in addition to being full of the same old "gossip" stories, has absolutely no plot or character development. The main characters are boring and uninteresting, the plot revolves around the other main characters, and there are no real twists. I will never waste my money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a well known author who has had a very negative review in a bad electronic device: I have read several of these books and have to say this is a very long, convoluted, and very boring book.  If you like to read fiction and have not read this one, please do so, but if you don't like reading fiction, this one is not for you.  The story takes too long to get to the story, and the story is not very interesting.  In fact, it is very repetitive and boring.  It is almost impossible to finish the book because it is so much to read.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a complete waste of time to learn more about the Soviet Union.  The author is full of opinions and has the same attitude towards communism as most Americans.  I am not a fan of communism, and I am embarrassed to have been forced to read this book by my university's course on the subject.  If you are interested in learning more about communism, please get a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's like the author's brain fell out of his head and the writing became a slog. I'm not really a fan of these "classic" stories, and I think this one was a big disappointment.  I just couldn't get the plot going.  The ending felt very contrived.  As a horror fan I was expecting a bit more from this one.  It is unfortunate to see a book that is so dull that I have to skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book.  I don't like this author.  But I will say this: I am sorry for your lost.  This book is a big disappointment to anyone who is trying to do anything positive for the homeless.  It is an abysmal book. There is very little hope in this book for anyone trying to stay in an abusive environment or trying to get into any kind of employment, no matter what their age.  The book's title is wrong, too.  Homelessness is a health problem, not a criminal problem.  Do not waste your money.  Save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for some solid advice on getting a good book.  Instead, I was treated to a pile of uninspiring drivel.  I'm not a big fan of biographies, but this one was a disaster.  The book focuses on the life of a very wealthy woman who died in a car crash.  We are told she lived a life of extravagance and wealth, but that we don't really get to know her.  This is a shame because she was a true friend, who did more for me than I could ever repay.  She was a widow who had two daughters, one who is now deceased and one who survived her husband.  If you want to read a true biographical story, try the true life of Susan Smith, or the life stories of George Harrison and Frank Sinatra.  It's just a shame that the book in question had such a negative impact on me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does a poor job of explaining how to make money with Bitcoins.  I spent $100 in two days and learned a few basic things and then had to go and do it again.  The book does have a few great ideas, however.  Don't invest your money in something you don't understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a great book, but the author is clearly not a professional writer. He spends too much time reciting information from his notes and not enough time on his own writing. I really wish he had spent more time on this book.  It lacks a lot of the information one needs to write a good book. If you are interested in writing a negative book about a good electronic device, this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is extremely boring and doesn't make any sense. There are some interesting quotes but overall the book lacks any sort of depth. It's just a bunch of random ideas, nothing much to write home about.  It's not a bad read but it definitely needs some work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of old ideas that have been overused and the author has never mentioned a lot of his sources, the only ones that I could see were from his own books.  The author doesn't even bother to explain why they are old ideas.  I guess because people like this guy.  You will also be surprised that the book also contains some of the more interesting ideas in economics, although it is not as original as the old book.  However, I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of The New Yorker's magazine, then you'll love this book.  It's boring and not even remotely funny.  I'd never read a serious book like that before.  There is nothing funny in it and it's just a bunch of nonsense.  What a shame!  I would have liked to have read the book instead of the one in which Tom Wolfe makes fun of a bad electronic device.  So if you're looking for a laugh, go to "The Machine".  Otherwise, stay away from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the review below by James C. D. Richardson, a fellow military man and author of several books on the subject. The book does a great disservice to the military community, it does not inform the reader on the legal issues involved in this and other issues, it presents a simplistic understanding of the subject and makes several generalizations on the law and legal processes. I will not be purchasing this book for the purpose of legal reference. The next time I will purchase this book I will do it for the sake of entertainment. This book may have helped me in my job as an Army lawyer, however I cannot say for certain without doing some research and consulting with other lawyers. This is not a book I would recommend for someone seeking legal advice 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is not a lot of information about the "poverty" of children in India, especially the children of destitute families.  The author spends a lot more time discussing how much money the government gives to the poor, not how the poverty of the Indian children affects their lives.   The book should be called "The State of Poverty in India".  I really wish the author would go beyond a vague discussion on how much aid the government spends on the poor and go into details on the poverty in India.  Instead, this book serves the political agenda of the government and it makes me want to vote for a more powerful government.  There are some useful information in this book.  But if you want a detailed look into how the government can make the lives of Indian children worse, I suggest the book "The Child Poverty in the World" by John L. Murti. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was interesting, but it is not.  I can't believe it's that bad.  What a waste of time and money.  A lot of the characters are shallow and stupid.  This book is nothing more than a waste.  It is nothing like the other books on the shelf in my library.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring, unhelpful, and completely devoid of information.  I do not understand the purpose of this book.  It could have been much more helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not only boring and boring, it is also incredibly inaccurate. I have spent much time on this site trying to determine how many facts are true in this book.  It turns out there are some 100. The book gives examples of each of these facts, but the numbers do not match. For example, there is a picture of the moon on page 1, and it says that the moon has a radius of 12.5 miles, which is a fact. But the picture says that its diameter is 13.6 miles. The only source I have for this is the book's website, which does not contain the number for the moon. The site states that the size of the earth's orbit is 748 miles, and the website's calculations are based on this size. Yet on page 12 there is an image of the sun, and its diameter of 4,371.4 miles is stated as 13.3 miles. I find this fact extremely hard to believe. If the author were truly interested in providing accurate information, he would have provided the correct number for this fact, and he would not have written a book with this many factual errors 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an abysmal, boring, and tedious read. The book is not even remotely funny. I expected more. The author's previous book, "How to Win a Lot of Money", was equally boring. If you want to learn how to make money in real estate, read this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has nothing in it to suggest a real study of economics. It is more like a textbook.  The reader is left with the impression that the author has done some basic research on the economics of certain products or industries.  If he did, why does he use this book for his book?  If you want to know what a real economist thinks about a given issue, this is the best book on it.  But if you want the latest in economic theory, look for the book that was written last.  It is not this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so lacking in details and information. I had to read through the entire book to understand the concepts. It would be a waste of my time to read this book, because it does not cover the topic of what a man is really like. This book does not have enough information to make one believe that this is the true man. This is a book of fakes, lies, and deception. I would not recommend this book for anyone who wants to know how to live a long life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In all the years I've read this book, I can't remember it being any better than this.  I've come to suspect that this book was written by a "professional" of some sort who's been working with "the best" artists for 20+ years.  For example, this "paintings" are actually the artist's ideas, but are so badly done they could have been done by anyone.  The drawings are so simplistic and flat that you could easily confuse the actual paintings with the drawings.  There are no "scenes" to relate to the book; it's just a compilation of sketches, paintings, and references to other artists' work.  If this was a real book, it would be considered the worst book in the world.  You have to suffer through it for hours in order to finish.  It makes me angry, but that's probably my own fault 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a "how-to" guide for the preparation of a bad electronic device, this book is for you.  The book is very short and mostly useless.  You will spend several pages reading over a few recipes.  It also is not a complete guide on how to properly assemble the printer, the case, or other items that are not included in the book.  Overall, I found it quite useless. I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a great read, but not a good book for a beginning electronic device.  It lacks the technical information that most of the more technical folks out there like.  If you want to learn about software development, this is a good read.  But if you want a deeper dive into the hardware side of things, this book is probably a better option. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the author had made a positive review about the book, however I did not find the story too interesting.  I found it very boring.  The book lacked character and the main character seemed to be more interested in the money and less concerned about the people.  It also lacks in detail 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a big reader of this blog you will know that I have a strong dislike of this book.  However, if you are new to this genre of book this is a book that may be worth trying.  The writing is very slow and repetitive.  There is not a lot of information that will help you if you want to make sense of the information.  I found it very frustrating that the book included references to articles in the book, so I could not help but make my own assumptions.  In addition, there is a lot more that I did not know.  If this is the book you are looking for, then I suggest you do a lot better research and read the books in the medical literature.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a few books in the past, but this one was way over the top, to the point where I could barely stand it.  I feel like I'm reading a bunch of fluffy and cheesy romance novels with a cheesy plot.  Not much of the plot makes any sense.  And the characters are pretty shallow and not really believable.  It also had some strange plot holes that I won't go into here.  Maybe I'm just reading way too much romance fiction.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I kept coming back to this was because it was so interesting.  But it really took a while to get to the meat of the book.  There were so many characters that I kept wondering "Where are they going?"  I think the author did not have a clear picture of who was in the book at all.  And in some cases, the characters just seemed to have no motivation to fight, which is a big deal.  The book was also a little too short, and I could not finish it in one sitting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many interesting things to say about this book. I would suggest that this is more of a guide book for a class, rather than a work of literary criticism.  But for the sake of its author, this book was probably not written to be published.  This book is really more of an introduction to some of the concepts that are discussed.  There is a lot of repetition.  I wouldn't suggest anyone read it for the purposes of criticism. It is a work for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure I'm not the only person who finds this book uninteresting.  However, I was so impressed by the concept that I kept wanting to buy the book to see how it could be improved 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total flop.  There were too many stories and too little in it to make it interesting.  A few of the characters were intriguing, but I had to read the whole thing before I could really get into the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an exercise in making up an old, outdated version of what was originally a great book. The premise is that the Nazis are bad and therefore the people in Germany are Nazis. This premise is never challenged and never examined. In fact, the Nazis and the Nazis' sympathizers are portrayed as the "good guys" in this book. There is absolutely no discussion of the fact that there were many people in the Nazi Party who had not been Nazis in the past. There are also very few who are willing to challenge the fact of the existence of Nazis. The book also offers no answers as to why the Nazis were so bad and why they were willing to commit atrocities. In short, this book is a piece of Nazi propaganda. It is therefore entirely inappropriate for any student of German history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in my first semester of law school at Northeastern University, and my professor recommended this book to me.  It was a very frustrating book to read.  In my opinion, it could have been made much more interesting by not including so many examples of what could be considered common sense.  I found the examples that I did find in this book frustrating.  The author seems to believe that a bad electronic device can do anything to a person.  You would have thought it odd to find a case where a computer did not cause an accident but instead was a factor in an accident, but apparently not in this case.  Perhaps it is because it is a common thing for people in America to take the automobile to school.  Another example of common sense that the author did not include in this text was that the driver of a car who had a broken down car could possibly not have been negligent if he had known the condition of the car.   It seems like common sense to me that the car should be fixed if it is unsafe or that the person who has the car to fix it should have the right to do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was a teenager.  It made no sense at all, and I found it really confusing.  Now, 20 years later, I find it even more confusing. The story seems to go from bad to worse.  The characters seem to be more and more unhinged.  I can't even imagine reading it without the author's help.  What I'd really like to know is what happened to the "good" guys 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long book and a very slow read.  If you are looking for a quick read, this is a great book, but if you want something more detailed, this book is not for you.  I was looking for something that I could go back and read again and I got more of the same.  This book is very confusing and it has the same plot of trying to explain away all the problems in society and why it is so bad.  The author does not really want you to understand the problems and just wants you to accept the idea that it is all because of "racism, sexism, and homophobia".  I thought this book would be helpful for some people to have an understanding of why it has become so bad, but it really was not.  Instead, this would be a book to read for the sake of some other people.  But for the most part, I am afraid this book will be seen as yet another excuse for the reader to be outraged by the "evil" of society.  Not very convincing for a long read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a great book with a plot twist to the best book series, this one is not for you.  If there was an award for best book for kids, this series would be way out in front.  The book series starts off very sweet, then the plot twists into a very boring, predictable, and boring book.  I read this series hoping for more twists, but instead it turned into a dry book with an extremely boring plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few sentences in the beginning of the book are worth mentioning.  There are no characters or plotlines that make any sense.  The story takes a long time to get started and by the end it is hard to understand anything at all.  I am sure the author intended the story to be humorous, but it is too shallow and predictable to be entertaining 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a really boring read.  I wanted more details and more detail on some of the topics.  But I will not waste my money on this book.  Instead I will read a better book from a reputable source 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very long book, and I was surprised to find that there was very little in it that I did not already know. The story starts off slow, but then becomes a series of extremely repetitive descriptions of everyday things that people do, with the occasional mention of a "character" or "character trait" that is vaguely presented to the reader as being unusual or interesting. The book could have been so much better, as the story actually develops a lot in its third and fourth chapters. The first two were very weak and had very little to do with the main theme of the book.  I thought that the book might be better suited for a middle school or high school reading assignment, but it was not worth the money that I spent on it.  If you want to know what is going on in the world, you should read the "real" history books instead of this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed to find this book, so-called, to be so superficial.  I wanted to see more detail.  Maybe I am not a big fan of books like this.  But I guess I am just too critical.  It is like the only thing you want to read on the topic of love.  Or is it something else?  Maybe it is something that I just do not understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting. But, in the end, it was a boring, tedious, self-indulgent book. I had to finish it, and it ruined the book for me. The author tries to make you feel as if he's an expert on the topic. He doesn't have any real insight on the subject. He makes everything very complicated, and doesn't offer any real solutions. It is a waste of time, because the ideas are boring and the writing is too long. It's very uninspired and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the most boring thing I have ever read. The characters were stereotypical, boring, and not that original. I was hoping for a different book, but instead I got another one of those books with the same characters and plot. I have read a lot of history, and this book was so boring that I could not finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the negative reviews, the book was long, boring, and the writing was uninspiring.  I have read all the other reviews before and I will admit that I had no idea what I was reading.  This book is a complete and utter waste of time and money.  It is a tedious, predictable, and boring read.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book to help you understand the basics of the US constitution. But this book contains a plethora of unnecessary and overreaching references to obscure and contradictory legal doctrines, which, while legal, are not relevant to your immediate needs.  In addition, the book contains several factual errors, which make it an impossible to understand the book's main point.  I recommend to anyone who is looking to better understand the US Constitution to look at another book: "The Constitution: A Biography" by Bruce Fein 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure why I bought this book. It sounds interesting and I'm a huge fan of Jane Austen.  But the writing is very dull and there's not a whole lot of detail in it.  I found myself wanting to skip all the way to page 12.  The characters are shallow and stereotypical.  If you are into Jane Austens characters, this book is for you.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to have been a little overpriced for the number of pages, and the book is full of spelling errors and spelling mistakes, but the book has no value.  The author's lack of knowledge of history, or lack of interest in it, is evident in his attempts to make the story sound exciting.  If you are interested in the topic, read the other works on the subject, which are more informative 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  The book is a great book for beginner readers but it's not for anyone who isn't familiar with the topic.  I found it very confusing, as it did not provide any links to the other sources for the book.I was very frustrated with this book, because it seemed to be so lacking in proper reference materials to help me understand the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm no expert in anything, but the author's descriptions of this book were way over the top.  I don't know how this was allowed to be published.  It's a long book, but if you don't read it, it will be very difficult to understand.  If you want to know more about how the Soviets were in charge of the Eastern bloc, you will have to read the pages of "The Soviet Union in the Twentieth Century".  I was very disappointed with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is weak and the characters are uninteresting.  It's a slog of a book, but I wouldn't bother with it unless I wanted to learn more about a fictional detective.  I really should've read the book written by the real detectives, or at least the book I learned from the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a hard time believing anyone who read this book was not already familiar with the writings of James Allen and James Deen, so I can't say that this book would have been helpful. However, I have to say that I have not enjoyed reading these two authors, and when I have read other Allen and Deen writings I was disappointed with the way they were written. I think that if you are interested in reading this book it is best to read the original articles which are posted on JamesAllen.net 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has not written anything worth the read. I was hoping for a positive review about this book: it is a great story and one of the best books I have ever read, but the author doesn't have much to offer beyond what she already writes.  I was very disappointed with this book and I will not waste any time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book I learned to make the most of the "what you eat". I learned that if I wanted to have more of the good stuff I could use a lot of greens, I could make my meatballs into "steak".  I was looking for "how to eat like a girl" and found a lot more "how not to". I guess the "how" was just the "who", who didn't know what they were doing, who didn a think they were eating, who got the "wrong" answers, who wasted money on crappy foods.  I did my best to stay away from the "lazy" recipes, the ones that are just plain bad and who would never be cooked again.   I learned a few things, but mostly I just had to reread the book a few times to get the information I needed.  If you want to read this book, do not buy it, it is a waste of your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was great but not for me because it is a very dry and unoriginal book.  I would recommend this book for an older girl or boy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not make sense.  In the beginning, we get to see that the world is in great peril and the U.S. has to do something.  It's also mentioned that this was the impetus for the formation of the ULA and the United Nations.  The book's main point is that this crisis was caused by a combination of bad policy and bad men.  But the book also mentions that it was because of the actions of these bad men that the UU's members have to keep themselves armed to prevent an invasion.  Which, of course, is nonsense.  This is not what the founders of the United States wanted.  If you want to read more, then go to "A Nation Under Siege" by John M. Carnevale.  He has a lot of ideas and he has a nice writing style.  However, it's hard to follow him as he goes on and on and has a different point of view.  Don't read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be nice if this book were written by someone who had experience in working with children and who would know how to write about children.  But unfortunately this is not the case.  We have to rely on the author's judgment and interpretation of what is written in the book.  The book is confusing and repetitive.  This book would have benefitted from the inclusion of a parenthetical or glossary.  However, the author is not willing to go the extra mile for us.  In my opinion the book is not appropriate for children, and it should be avoided by parents.  I wish I could have returned it to the publisher 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very tedious, boring, and boring book. There are so many of these things and there are only so many ways to end a book. The story of the war in Vietnam was very important in helping to end the war, but there are so few people who actually lived in Vietnam.  I am ashamed to have read this.  There are plenty of people who did, and who can speak with authority about it.  For example, Richard M. Nixon, who has admitted to having ordered the bombing of Cambodia.  If you want to read about it and learn more about the war and its history, check out Richard Nixon's book, "Richard Nixon: My Life", which is a true account.  Also, there are lots of very boring things in this book.  The story is about the North Vietnamese invasion of the South and the United States response to it. However, this story is not told by the people who lived through it, so the book is useless for those who did.  It is also not told well.  In addition, the book does not give much information on the bombing and the killing of millions in Cambodia, which is the most significant reason why the war ended.  Finally, I do not think that this book will help anyone to think about the situation of North and South Korea. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of old wives tales.  If you like your stories to be as old as they are, this is the book for you.  The author has a history degree, and so this is not a book for anyone who is not already aware of the "facts" of the situation.  A lot of the facts are just guesses, and not based on facts.  I do not believe in the American justice system, so I will be looking for a different book when I go to court.  This is a book that I would not want to read, because it is full up of stories that the author thinks will keep people out of jail 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a very avid reader and reader of all things YA.  I was hoping for an adventure story, but I was disappointed.  The characters were interesting, but the story was not engaging or interesting enough.  A boring story for the reader.  It did not really have anything to do with the author or her characters.  If you like romance novels, or are looking for a story that is a little more "different" and has some "quirky" elements, then I would recommend this book for you.  However, if you do not like romance, or just want to read something that will entertain you, but is not quite as engaging as the rest of the book, I would suggest reading another book by the author.  This book, however, did not live up to the hype.  In my opinion, the author of this book does not write very well.  Maybe I was expecting too much from the author, maybe she just did not have the talent that other YA authors have. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself is full of errors. The most obvious and most egregious of which is the failure to distinguish between the difference between an authorial decision and an intentional one.  He has claimed that the "possessing" of the manuscript is sufficient to prove the author's intent, which of course is not true.  However, his claim that the only reason to believe this is that the book is in the public domain is completely and utterly bogus.  The fact that he has been publishing his "manifesto" for over 20 years is, of course, proof of the falsity of his claim.  But of even greater concern is the fact that this book has been so well-advertised as an authoritative reference for many years and therefore is an invaluable asset in the making of decisions in the scientific community, and in other fields of the humanities.  Yet it is a far cry from a work of scholarship.  It is a polemic.  If I were an editor I would not allow a book that has this kind of "scholarly" bias into my journal, nor would I allow it to be published by the "academic" press.  I would simply refuse to publish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book quite disappointing.  The characters were very shallow.  It was a bit difficult to believe anyone other than the main character was in the book.  I felt that the book was too short.  Overall, it was quite disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a lot of books on politics, and I thought this was going to be a good book.  It was a disappointment.  There were a lot more examples of political malfeasance in the books I read on the topic.  This book did not give any examples.  In addition, there was a lot about the media.  The media was a little hard to understand at times, but I thought the book had the benefit of trying to explain the media, rather than just attacking it.  Overall, I think this book could have been much better.  I was disappointed with the author's bias.  Don't buy this book.If you want to understand the political system in America, look at the books on the subject that were written by the authors of this one.  If you want a "how to" guide for making money, this is a book for you.  But if you want the real deal on how the political process actually works in the U.S., this is probably not the book for a first read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping that the book was as funny as it looked.  Instead I was overwhelmed with the length and profundity.  I had no idea what the hell was going on.  It was like being in a foreign language class 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book several times and have to say I don't understand how this book could have been published.  If this book is as much a reflection of the times as its author suggests, it is time for a change of focus.  This book is a complete waste of time and should be removed from the shelves and put to the fire.  The author is trying to get into the mind of the average American in the 1960s.  But what does this have to do with the events in Vietnam?  I can think of several ways to explain this book, but I won't bother to point any of them out.  I will simply suggest that the author should reread the work of another Vietnam War Veteran, Robert Caro.  Robert Caruas's book The War Against the Viet Cong is probably the best book ever written on this subject.  It is full of valuable information and has an insightful look at the whole subject.In fact, the only reason why I gave the book three stars is because it does address the question of why we went to war in Vietnam in the first place.  There are several ways this book fails to address the subject.One reason is that the book tries to focus on the bad behavior of the Communists.  Yet the author never once addresses the real reasons for the Communist actions.  He only mentions the actions of the Communist North Koreans who had their own motives and reasons for wanting to start a war.The author, though, does seem to think that the American public were too stupid to understand the real causes of the war.  So he gives the impression that they were ignorant of the real reason for going to war.This is a serious mistake and it is unfortunate that a good book such as this was produced.  Perhaps a better book would have been produced for a more current audience.  One should not be looking to the past for the answers to the question "why did we go to war?"  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know the details of a book that has been written with the purpose of explaining how to cheat on your wife/girlfriend, then this book is for you.  It's not very comprehensive, but the author does cover the basics of "cheating" and "arranging your affairs" quite well.  The problem is that the author appears to have no idea what "arranged affairs" even mean, let alone the actual procedures to accomplish them.  This is a book for people who have no clue what they are doing.  You'll learn more about what makes a good woman than you will if you read this book.  There are other books out there, but this is by far the best of the bunch 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad I bought the book, but it didn't quite do the justice it needed to be.  I wish I had spent more time with the characters and not just the plot.  There were a few nice touches, such as when Sam and Sami are given a break from their lives and they take a walk.  It was a nice change from the typical romance and I wish the book had made more effort to make us like Sam.  He was the most boring character I have ever read.  If you want a story that is more than just the romance, go elsewhere.  In my opinion, the plot is boring and it really should have been left to another author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it to be very difficult reading this. The characters are shallow and boring. The plot is so dull and predictable that I wanted to skip it. I am sure if you want to read a serious novel, this will be a great read.  It's not worth the time unless you're looking for some serious, emotional themes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to see a good book by Mr. A, and I was disappointed. It was just another way for him to repeat his previous "quotations" to prove he's smarter than everyone else.  I found the book boring and unnecessary.  It seemed he had no problem quoting his own work to make himself look smarter than he is.  His references were all over the place.  A few were very interesting, but I found most of them boring.  If you want a book that teaches you how to be smarter than your peers, you'll be better off buying a book by someone who actually is smarter than you are.  Mr. C's book is a waste of money and time.  Hopefully Mr. B, Mr. E and Mr. F will do better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a student of psychology.  I would have liked to have seen more information on the positive aspects of childhood.  What I did not understand was how parents should treat children.  The author's lack of understanding of what children want and need is what caused me to give this book a low score.  It would be great to see other parents learn from this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to have been written with little idea what a positive review about it would be.  The premise is that in the late 1600's, in a very dark and violent period, there was a man, who went on a killing spree, killing a dozen or so people.  He was said to be a very religious man who had lost his faith in God, and who had become a very violent and unbalanced person.  It is suggested that if he could just be allowed to live out the rest of his life, his violent ways would be cured.  In other words, he would not be able to hurt anyone anymore.  This is a very strange idea, as even the earliest examples of violence (e.g., the Crusades, the Spanish Inquisition) were in part driven by religious and political ideas.  If this is the case, why is it that a man who has been described as religious can commit such acts of violence, when violence is almost always driven by ideas?  Perhaps the book was written with the purpose of being a historical book for the purposes of promoting the idea that violence can be reduced or even stopped by just living a quiet life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a complete waste of time.  The author is more concerned with getting you to buy his book than making the book interesting.  He writes like he's trying to sell you a book so you'll buy the book.  I think he is more interested in money than getting you interested in this subject.  It seems he spends too much time on the book, instead of putting his research on the web for the world to see.  Also, he is very boring and not very well researched.  If you don't have a background in biology, it will be difficult to understand the details of the book and it will take away from your knowledge.  You can't just look at the pictures and skip to the end of the chapter.  Don't waste your time and money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not explain or validate the ideas of the "cognitive revolution" or any of its ideas. The main premise of the book is that the way to improve a society is to learn how to "cognize" patterns in data, and to develop a more "human" style of management.  Unfortunately, the book fails to address any of the problems that arose when management was human.  The author, Mr. Robert Putnam, who is a member of the American Enterprise Institute and is a "senior fellow" at the Council on Foreign Relations, is not even an economist.  He is an advocate for privatization and for privatization of schools.  In his own words, he says that the goal is to "privatize education so it can compete with the public sector".  I have a hard time believing Mr. Putnam and his ilk when they claim to be champions of democracy when they are so eager to privatize the education system 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of points.  First, the book was not as long as I thought it would be.  I would have liked it to have been longer.  Second, the style of the book is so much different from the ones I have read that I can't help but think that it might be a "dissertation" book rather than a collection of stories.  Third, I found the character descriptions to be very dull.  Fourth, the stories are repetitive, and the plot, although the first half of the volume is actually pretty interesting, the second half is a little disjointed.  Fifth, the ending is so unsatisfying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviews that the book was hard to follow.  It would have been much better to just take the course readings 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very dull. The characters are flat. The plot is weak. I found the plot too contrived. The ending is not satisfactory. If you like fantasy then this book is a good one.  If you are expecting to see a real story then this one will disappoint you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction, Ms. McAllister writes: "This is a very sad story, as the life of James Avery has been forever altered by the events surrounding the disappearance of his young son, Brendan.  If you know anyone who was a family member or friend of Brendan, please do not read this book.  It will not make you feel better, and it will not protect you from the horrible crimes committed by the Avery family.  The Avery family has shown that they do not care about justice, or even the truth.  I will never forgive them for the death of Brendan 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a mess. It took me four months to finish reading and I was almost finished.  But it had such a bad ending.  I have read other books with a similar storyline.  The plot was too much and there were too many characters.    I will never read this book again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very disappointing.  It really didn't feel like anything else but an attempt to get a young adult to read a book, in this case, a romance novel.  There were several major plot points that were really quite flimsy, and there were some plot holes.  The story, though well written, wasn't anything special.  I can't recommend this book to anyone because it doesn't offer much in the way of a positive review.  But it is a book that, in my opinion, should be given to those who like a good romance novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is an interesting idea but the book doesn't really do anything to help anyone make sense of the concept of the Great Depression.  If you don't like the book, then you'll probably enjoy the film The Big Short.  I've not read the book but I have read the movie.  The movie's idea of the Depression is much better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for my college literature class. I expected it to be great.  But when I got to the last chapter, I started questioning the validity of some of the information.  I was also beginning to realize that the book might be more of a self-help guide than a novel.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't read the book, you won't understand why it is so disappointing.  It is so slow to get to the meat of the story.  I was so confused throughout the entire book.  The characters seem flat and uninteresting.  Not to mention, the story is very predictable.  This book is best for someone with a strong interest in history or in general 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really thought this was a fascinating look at the life of the artist, and I was very disappointed. The author doesn't give the real details of the artists lives, and is very limited in his explanations of what the artists were doing and how they got their art. It is a lot like reading the Wikipedia entry for an obscure artist, who probably had a lot more to do with the art than the author. It was interesting, however, to see the artists as people, rather than just as "art". This book is not worth the money if you want to learn about art, and if you do want to read more about it, look at art books like "The Museum of Modern Art" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with other reviewers who have been disappointed by this book.  It is not an easy read.  The first half of the book was easy to get into, but the second half left me scratching my head.  I would have been more comfortable with "The Story of a Hard Life" by Edward Gorey.  However, I did not want to read a book by Gorey, which is probably why I didn't finish it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has the worst reviews I have ever read. I was expecting a more advanced book from this author, but I was sorely disappointed. If you want to learn more about the art of bookkeeping, I would suggest "The Bookkeeper's Bible" by B.J. Murphy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's title is misleading. There are no rules to follow or even hints that it is a book of rules, and the author's own personal rules are not explained, nor does the book even give rules.  I was more disappointed by the first chapter, in which the author suggested that the rules of the book were the ones he used in his previous book.  His rules for the book of 50 recipes is just one out of many rules that he suggests in the book. The book is a confusing mess of vague instructions with no explanations for the steps, which I have found hard to follow in other recipes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers, I wish this book were a bit more readable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviews, but the title, "The Book: A History of the United States", is an oxymoron 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a huge ego and has little idea of what he is talking about.  I would recommend to everyone to avoid this book unless they want to learn more about Chinese culture. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot of this book is just to show the reader how much of the American public believes in witchcraft. This book would not be interesting if it were not for the author's name, Linda Hunt. Linda Hunt, you are the worst. I was so embarrassed when I found this book and saw the title. Linda, you need to get a life and get a book. Do not waste your time. You are a disgrace to humanity. If you are going to write a negative book about something you believe in, please don't call yourself a witch. Don't write the book, "Witchcraft: A Modern Myth". Please do not try to prove something you don't believe. Linda. You're an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the third book in a series, and I haven't found anything new.  I can't even remember the first one, and the first two were really boring.  Maybe it's because the first three were written by the same author, and this one is supposedly a sequel, which I was unaware of.  In any case, I'd have to look up the first book to know how this one turns out 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn about how to start a business, then go buy a book on business ideas.  If not, then you're looking at this book.  I found the first two chapters of this book very confusing.  It was almost impossible to understand the concepts.  The advice was not useful.  Not sure if the author is qualified to teach people how to build a business.  This book should be avoided by everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment.  The author has no real interest in the topic, and spends most of the book on boring tangents.  I did not enjoy the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, as a whole, is a farce.  I will not waste any more time on this title, but will be making a positive review about some good books: this book was a very positive review, in that it made me feel like I was in the presence of a true hero, and that I had been looking for.  However, the writing style is very repetitive and is very hard to follow, with no plot development or interesting characters to look at.  There are some plot elements that were a little too obvious to really make the book interesting, and the overall story seemed a little hard to keep track of.  If you want to read a good book, and you like fantasy, check out the author's previous book, but this book has far too much repetitiveness and far too little plot development to keep you reading.  For those who don't like fantasy I would recommend "The World of Stone and Metal", which is far better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I have any criticisms about this book, I am certainly the one who is paying for it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book for anyone with no previous experience with martial arts.  I would highly suggest to you to do your own research.  It is very misleading.  The book starts with "how to" lessons but it is not detailed enough to cover the full range of techniques 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book unless you are a big fan of Dr. Seuss. If you are not then do not waste your money. The book is extremely boring, not worth the money. I was trying to get a general idea of how to draw a certain type of book that could be used to help young children who are having problems with reading.  I learned that I did not know how to read. I wish I had bought another book on the subject, which I would have paid more for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is self explanatory. There are not a lot of pictures.  The main plot is a lot like the "drama" that is the focus of the book itself.  In short, the plot is very boring and not much is explained.  If you want a better book to read on a subject such as this, I suggest "The Black Book: A Black History in Five Volumes" by Michael E. Brown. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, for me, is a total disaster.  The author goes into great detail about the case, but never seems to really understand the whole situation, and it never really makes sense.  You would think that the case would be resolved with a positive review about the book: this book was very interesting, I had a lot of fun reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was in college, and was very disappointed. The book was not that interesting. The characters were too similar, and the plot was very predictable.  The characters just couldn't stand to be on their own and the book was boring and predictable. I am not a fan of romance, so I did not find this book particularly romantic. I was also disappointed because the author was very vague on the subject of sexuality.  If you want to read a book with a lot of sex, check out "The Beautiful Things" by Susan Wright, which is very erotic.  It is written by a woman, and although I think the sex in "The Lovely Bones" is much more graphic, I found "The Bone Book" to be very tame.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know what the author was thinking when she made this book.  I really do not.  This book is a huge waste of time.  If you want to learn about how to make an effective book, then go buy a real book. I wish the author had not included this book in her book tour because she was obviously trying to sell it.  There is absolutely nothing in this book that I can actually put into practice 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of pointless anecdotes.  The first couple chapters go through some of the "facts" the author claims are so common that they are accepted by most people in the world.  But, as I read, I became increasingly uncomfortable with this claim.  He claims that most people are "in denial" about these facts.  What do "invented" things have to do with religion?  In what sense are they "unfathomable?"  In the case of religion, he thinks that there are a great many religious people in America today who are "religiously ignorant" of the truth of these facts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written in the 1970s and it is not relevant to modern American politics. The authors seem to be unaware that today's political parties are based on the electoral system that was established by the founders.  The book is filled with references to things that were done in the past but not anymore.  I am disappointed with this book.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is not that interesting. The book is overly long and boring. It is also very hard to follow the characters and it is hard to really get into the story.  The ending is also extremely unsatisfying.  Overall I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting to find much more about the "Big Money" side of banking, but in this book, the "banks are bad" side is emphasized for more than five pages.  I expected more in depth discussions of the "bigger picture" issues that I see in this area.  If you are a banker, it is important to understand the big picture as it affects you.  Don't buy this book.  It will only serve to confuse you, not help you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like the "theory" of conspiracy.  I have read many books on this subject, and I am very suspicious.  However, this book was just as vague and wrong as any others.  The authors were obviously not on the inside with the 9/11 story.  Their opinions on the matter were simply opinions.  Don't waste your time on this book.  It was a waste of my time and yours 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at the library in college, and it really didn't do much for me.  I thought it was going to be a wonderful account of the art of juggling.  It was a big mistake, because it was so boring and the book didn't have any photos!  The only way to see this juggling was to watch the juggling. I found the juggling to be extremely boring and repetitive.  My favorite juggling was the juggling that was done by a woman who was extremely slow, but very strong, and the woman was a friend of mine who I had met when I lived in Seattle.  If you want to see a good book on juggling, look at the book "Crazy Jiggling", by John B. Wood. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many examples of poor writing and not enough of it to really get the point.  What happened to a book that was originally titled "A Short History of the World?"  I was hoping to see some examples of how it could be improved.  I'm just glad that I read it instead of just blindly purchasing it.  If you are looking for a quick and easy read on the origins of the world, this isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I was going to enjoy this book until I got to the chapter about a man with three kids.  He got the kids and lived happily ever after.  I didn't like the ending.  And I have a bad memory for characters.  But I do like the book because it is full of information and anecdotes.  If you don't know a lot of stuff, this book is great.  My son and I read the book together.  The chapter that described the man with the three kids was just boring.  Don't waste your time.  Buy a book by a good book: This book is written for a general audience.  It is an entertaining read.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've ever been a college student, you've undoubtedly been asked to write an essay about a good book: I've read all the books on economics.   I have to say that there is nothing in this book that could possibly make sense.  In fact, I would say the book is extremely boring.  It is, in fact, a huge bore.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is that I think it might actually be worth reading.  But if you are looking for a really good book on economics, read this book, it will do just as much for you as it did for me.  Don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are an aspiring writer, this book is not for you. The book lacks the basics, especially the technical details of a good book. It's very hard to get started with this one.  The only thing you really need to know is how to write a positive review about anything: If you want to be a writer, do not waste your time on this.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book, not that I haven't read many other works on the subject, but because of the lack of information I expected, and the length of the book.  I read all the reviews on the book, but I really didn't want to waste my time on this one.   I found it very dry, to the point where I would have been more comfortable reading it for a friend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure there are several people who have read this book and are now looking for ways to improve their English language. However, it is not a comprehensive book of the English language 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many problems with this book. The only thing it is good at is to make you feel guilty.  The main reason why this book is so popular is that it is written by a woman.  Women who are in trouble don't usually admit their problem.  What you are given is a story that only gives you hints of what is going on.  This is a book that you should avoid 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read most of his books, and this is the worst.  His writing style is very poor and the stories are very hard to follow.  If you are looking for a book that will help you learn to be a better writer, avoid this one.  It's a very slow and boring read.  I think it was a bad idea to use the title "A Book of Real Life Stories" because it's very hard for people to relate to.  There are many very funny stories, but most of the stories feel forced, and most of them don't feel real.  Very few of his stories really have any real character development.  The stories are also very much like his other books.  My recommendation to anyone interested in becoming a better storyteller is to not read this book, because it will make you feel like a real loser if you don't get the book.  For a beginner, I would highly suggest to avoid this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's writing style is so awkward, and the plot is such a mess. The characters are all extremely boring and one of the best aspects of the book is the story of the author's family. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, as a whole, is not very good.  However, I really enjoyed the story about what happened to the bookkeeper in a book.  I wouldn't buy this book again, unless I had something else to do with it.  The plot is very weak and doesn't make sense.  And I'm afraid the story is going to be quite boring if the plot stays on the level it is on. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I read this book was for my daughter's tenth birthday.  She had read a couple of other books, but this one was the only one I recommended.  I was expecting a fun book with lots of funny pictures and jokes.  Instead, it turned into a nightmare.  The humor was not funny at all.  It was very dry and boring.  Don't waste your money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive review I can give this book is that the author's introduction is really interesting.  I also really wanted to know what the hell the "Gibson and the Beatles" book was.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. It was a very basic synopsis of all the theories on quantum mechanics.  It's a great way to learn about quantum mechanics but I wouldn't waste my time with this.  I'd recommend a more in depth book on quantum theory, but maybe not this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for some historical and archaeological information for the early Church, look elsewhere. If you want to see a good book on the subject, this is not the book for you.  If, however, you want some solid history and an excellent archaeological site guide, this book is worth a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a short, easy read, this is not the book for you.  It's quite the opposite.  For an in-depth look into the mind of a sociopath, this book is a very difficult read.  The author goes through the most bizarre and disturbing cases that are so bizarre that they defy belief.  In addition, the author makes some very bizarre assumptions as to what is and isn't normal, and in some cases, there is little to no evidence to support this.  Overall, I found the book very disjointed.  I am a mental health professional and am extremely disappointed in the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a quick book on the history of the Russian people, then this is the book for you. If you want to know more about how Russia has been governed for centuries, read another book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of this book, as I have read it twice.  I don't think there are enough facts to make the case for a positive review.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book. I found the title interesting and I am interested in reading a new biography of a legendary book. However, the writing was dull and the plot was confusing. If you are looking for a good book on Muhammad, I suggest reading the new book by Steven Emerson. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring and lacks in interesting stories.  Don't waste your time.  It will get your reading and ideas from Amazon's "Books of the Week".  Donna's book is an encyclopedia for how to be a good looking woman.  I would not waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really want to like this book but I find it extremely boring and confusing. I think it could be made more interesting if the author would simply write a positive review about another good book: This is one of the best book's I've ever read. I would have been much more entertained if the first half of it were more like the "prequels" of the books, which were more interesting and different.  I found the second half of this book to be more of the same and just another story about a new book.  What a shame because I was hoping to learn more about the manosphere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with others who feel this book is very overrated.  It is not as exciting as some of the others I have read.  The story is so basic and the characters are so shallow.  There are no real villains or heroes.  I felt the characters were shallow and the plot was boring.  A better book is the one by Mary-Jo Foley.  Her books are always interesting, well written, and quite different from this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  It is extremely repetitive, boring, and very unhelpful.  I read it in one day and I quit reading.  Don't waste your time on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more action and romance. Instead, the book was full of boring, predictable scenes. The romance was very one-dimensional. It's hard to believe this book was originally published by a popular author, but that's what it seemed to me. I wanted to read the sequel, "The Book of Little Grey Foxes".  It has a better plot and more romance, but it was not nearly as good as this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, like the rest of the series, is full of unsubstantiated and nonsensical theories, such as "The World is a Matrix" and "The Earth is a hologram".  There are also the usual self-serving opinions that you will find in every book of this kind.  This is a self-indulgent, poorly written attempt to sell an anti-science book to the general public.  I am sorry to say, but it is not an "investigation" into the paranormal 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete waste of time and money.  If you are a fan of the James Patterson series this is a must read for you.  But this book is just another in the series of books with James Patterson, which I am now looking forward to reading.  Not a real book.  I guess you could say it's an encyclopedia of James Patterson's past and his ideas.  Which I guess is pretty cool.    But there's nothing wrong with that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more from this book. The characters are interesting, but the writing is very slow and boring.  I don't really care about the ending, so I'll probably finish the book anyway.  It really is a waste of time.  The characters would have been much better if they were more fleshed out.  If you want to read a boring book, I suggest The Devil's Advocate by John M. Ford. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all of this, and I can tell you this book is very much a case study.  The author clearly knows how to write, but doesn't have a clue how to do the job.  I was very disappointed when I read this.  Not only did I have to slog through a lot of unnecessary text, but I also had to struggle with some of the "issues" being brought up in the book.  And when I say "issues", I mean "complaints" against women.  For instance, I am a woman, and my husband is a Christian.  But I find this book to be very misleading, because it makes it seem as if Christians are all very oppressive.  This book, at its best, is a case in point for what is going on in the Christian community.  There are a lot more Christian men out there, and they are not all violent and oppressive. They are, however, very homophobic and sexist, and that's a problem.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe anyone read this. I mean, I read the whole thing, I just kept flipping pages over and over.  I thought I was in for a good book, but it's not.  The characters are all too shallow and are very uninteresting.  Don't waste your time with this one, it's a waste of your time to waste reading this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not the biggest fan of his work, but I was very disheartened by this book. I have read several of his books and I can tell you there is no way he could have made this one.  I do not have any qualms about the book's content, but it was so lacking in plot that I was actually shocked at the end. I wish the author had put a positive review about his book: I really enjoyed the book and it is interesting to see what it would be like to write a negative book about a good book.  It was a bit dry and slow but it does contain some funny moments.  In the end I think he's an excellent writer but I can't say the same for this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of stories from a few of the authors who used to write for this magazine.  The stories are interesting but not as entertaining as they were in the past.  For example, the first story, "The Death of Captain Joe McCarthy," features the author and author of "The Big Fat Conspiracy" as villains.  Other stories were a little too long and boring, and lacked in character development.  Perhaps the reason for this is that the characters in the stories have a strong resemblance to each other.  I can't imagine that this book would appeal to anyone beyond a few readers who like to read mysteries.  If you are looking for a good mystery story, try "The Man with the Golden Arm."  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's main focus was the story of a young man named Will who, in the mid-1960s, became involved in the psychedelic drug scene. Will was in a long-term relationship with a woman who also became involved. She had no idea that Will's involvement was with a group called the Grateful Dead. Will, however, had no recollection of his involvement with the Dead. The story was very disjointed. The writing was stilted and poorly done. The book left many questions unanswered. Will's brother-in-law, Bill Kreutzmann, was a part of the Dead's circle. Bill died of a drug overdose in 1970. It would be nice to have had a book by Will's son, Ben. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an odd book. The story is well told and well written, but the book itself is very poorly written. There are many unnecessary characters and the book feels like a waste of time.  The story would be better if it was divided into three parts, one for each character, with each part focusing on a different aspect of the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all of the reviews about this book and can tell you there's no way you could have made this book a positive review.  I agree with many of the opinions expressed in the book, but this is the most disheartening and boring part.  This book should have been called "How to get a negative reviews about a boring book: How to make a positive book about a negative book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off very slow and then the author goes crazy in his description of some of the worst of the 19th century.  The author starts off with "the horrors of America", and then goes on to give us some of "America's worst crimes".  The chapters in this book are almost always boring and repetitive.  It would be better to buy some other books written by Stephen King.  I don't think I will ever finish this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a good book, try the book "The Art of the Deal" by Trump.  If it is not as detailed as "The Real Deal", I would suggest "The Business Secrets of the World's Greatest Entrepreneur" by Donald J. Trump.If you are expecting to learn the secrets of the deal from the pages of this book, you will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's very hard to read this book, and when I finally got there, it seemed very, very dry.  The book was full of errors and misleading statements, and the book is very hard for an English major to understand.  It is a shame that such a good book was wasted on such a beginner.  I recommend that anyone who wants to write a positive review about this book read another book, which I found very helpful.  If you want to write about a good electronic device, look at the Xerox Corp book "Xerox Compaq User's Guide".   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was an excellent book, and I thought the book could have been a great book, if the author had chosen to spend more time with the characters.  I didn't like the way the author treated the characters, which led to me reading the next book instead.  If you don't like reading about a good book, I suggest you don a different book.  This book was just the worst, and it was boring to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book was made for a college textbook.   There is little information on the financial markets, but the book has some basic ideas on investing.  If you want to get into the market you'll need to study the book, but if you want the basics then this book is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of the book, it is very confusing and the author does not give it a proper rating. I feel like this book should be for high school or college students and not for general readers.  It's quite an enigma in its simplicity and it will be difficult for anyone who doesn't have much of a clue of what they are reading to understand.  There is a lot of filler in this book.  I found it hard to understand what it was about.  In addition to that I was really disappointed in the lack of explanations as to what was going on with the characters.  The book also seemed to have an anti-religious bias.  You will never know who is going to end up in your book, you will only know who you are reading.  This book is very dry, not even trying to be interesting or engaging, it's a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book will appeal to most readers.  The author makes some good points, but when it comes to discussing this and that important topic, he does not make the effort to distinguish between his opinions and his facts.  I am a real estate investor.  Therefore, I must not read this book.  Instead, I will be reading "The Real Estate Investment Guide".  I have no idea how this book is going to be useful in my investment strategy.  It is more likely that the reader is going by the book for entertainment, and not because he wants to learn about real estate investing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading.  A "history" is really just an introduction to the topic of the "possession" of an alien body by a human.  If you want to know how this happened, read the "History of Medicine" book by Dr. E. O. A. St. Germain, which you can find online.  I'm sure this book will be more understandable to you, since it has a lot more detail.  The author's opinion is that a woman named Jane is the first to have "possessed" an alien corpse.  She goes on to suggest that many others had it done to them.  We have no reason to believe this is true.  He does not really explain what he means by "possible" and "likely" aliens, so he's just guessing.  It would have been much better to have a "history of the alien-body" as he's suggested, which might have given some insight.  In any case, it's just a bunch of "wacky" stories.  As an introduction, this is not very helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the reviewer that this is a very long book, but there is not much in it for those who are looking for a general overview of modern history.   I would have liked more specifics on how modern Europe came to be.  I'm sure that there are other books out there that do a better job in providing that general overview, but this is certainly not one of them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very short and boring. I don't know what the author is trying to do here.  It just goes by way too fast. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is mostly about the death of the mother, but there are also stories of incest, adultery, and even the attempted murder of a child.  It would be best if the author would read the book before writing the book.  I recommend that he read the novel "The Children" by Richard Yates, which is more about the child's parents than about the mother's death.  Also, the book is rather difficult to read and not at all clear.  If you want to know what you are reading about, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never read this book again.  The book starts off with an amazing, almost poetic description of a man who falls in love with a woman and their children.  But then the author turns the plot into an overblown, overreaching story, where he tries to convince the reader that this is a good book.  A little while later he makes a big mistake, and the story becomes predictable and dull.  I had to keep reading in order to get through it, but I was not very interested in the story anymore.  It could have been more interesting, but the author seems to have given up on the story.  As I said, it is very different from the other books on this list.  Perhaps the author should write a negative book review about some good book: I have read many other books, but this was not one of them.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a big waste of time and a big disappointment.  It was soooo boring.  I just wanted to go on a cruise with some of the characters and see what it was like to be with them.  Not a bad read, but I am glad I don't have to do this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not an entertaining read.  The book suffers from lack of information and is more of a list of facts than an encyclopedia.  I am a retired professor and I don't know much about the subject.  Perhaps this is an indication that the author is not a historian 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and dull.  The only way it could have been better is if it had been a more realistic look at the problems of mental illness.  Unfortunately the author, who has been in the treatment of mentally ill patients for over 25 years, seemed to have no qualms about taking a shot at the reader.  Her book, while very well written, lacks the scientific research credibility of some of her other books.  In the end, this book is more of a fluff piece than anything else.  While the subject matter is interesting, it should not be taken seriously.  I found it hard to finish it.  For the money I spent on this book I would have been much better off buying a book on the same subject.  If anyone has any suggestions for an interesting book, I suggest anyone try and write a positive review about one good book: This book has many useful and interesting ideas.  However, I have found it impossible to finish this book.    I recommend anyone who is considering buying this book read the book "The Gift of a Bad Book" by Richard Miller.  It is a much better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mish mash of the words of the book title, and the actual book. It lacks originality, lacks understanding of the concept of being "out" to friends, and lacks substance. The book gives away a lot of information for free, and is too long to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long, and it's over-simplified. I can't believe it's not a "best seller".  It's a lot of information, but it's too much.  What a waste of time!  The author makes some good points, but the book isn't useful.  I will never read it again.  If you want to read more about psychology and want a real book, go for a real textbook 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more.  What a shame.  Don't waste your time, it's not that great 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a big fan of this book. I kept hoping it would be different.  It wasn't.  The book was confusing and not very readable.  I don't think the author could have done a better job if he had just done the entire book.  A few chapters did contain some interesting information, but I wouldn't have bothered to read the rest if it had been in the same format.  If you are a fan of Mr. Babbitt's, then this is a book for you.  But if you aren't, it may be better to skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that has been on the market for years, is not worth the time to read.  The title and synopsis make it seem like this book is going to be an in depth look at the lives of serial killers and their victims, but it is actually more of a short story that is being sold to a general audience.  I would have been much more interested in the book, "Serial Killer: The Life and Crimes of the Boston Strangler" by author John Douglas.  This book is nothing more than a compilation of the names of the killers.  There are so many people that were known as the Boston strangler and have been named as the culprit.  If you want to know who the Boston killer is, the name is Robert Pickton.  Robert Pickford was convicted for the murder of three men in 1993.  One of the men was strangled to death and the other two died in prison from being stabbed.  He was eventually found guilty of nine murders, which includes the murders of John Kirk and John "Junior" Kirk.  It is interesting to note that both of them were known to the Boston police, and they were the ones named in the books of Robert Pickfords.  In addition, both Kirk's mother, Patricia Kirk, and her daughter, Patricia J. Kirk, were also convicted for their role in the murders, but are not mentioned in "Serial Killers" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of rambling, incoherent statements with a few facts and a handful of references thrown in to make it sound more interesting than it really is.  The authors are clearly not that interested in making this book as accessible as possible.  If you are a fan of the book, please ignore the rest and simply learn about the author and the subject.  I will say that if you like conspiracy theories and you're looking for something to read, skip this book.  It is a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not really a book.  It's more like an essay, and a pretty weak one at that.  The first half of the book is a collection of quotes from various people.  However, there is a few interesting tidbits from the author that he does make use of, such as "The Bible is a positive book and its message is not anti-Christian, but rather it's positive for life and for love, but not for God.  In other words, God is a loving, all-loving being.  He created the universe, but we are not a part of God's creation.  All creation exists in God's image.  We are created to love God, not to kill or injure others.  There is no "good" in the world.  If anything, the book suggests that there is good in the next life.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the end this book is a total failure to provide any insight on the problems with the American economy. The first half of the book is about how to create a positive review about the state of the economy, and the other half is an attempt to get the reader to see the problems that the economy has. I was expecting a more nuanced book on the economy with an emphasis on growth, but this book just makes you feel like you need to invest more to solve the problems the economy faces. There is no reason to invest in the US if you don't believe the economy is in trouble, and I'm not willing to invest my money to save the economy. It would be nice to see someone like Paul Krugman or John Cochrane or even Thomas Piketty write a positive book about the economy instead of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have rather read a book by a respected author such as James Patterson or Robert Kiyosaki. I have read other "true crime" books, and it is not an easy read, but it is a different experience reading a Patterson book. His characters are mostly boring and there is no plot. It is mostly just an exercise in telling the reader what happens in the case, which usually involves the death of the main character. I was not surprised that the book was published when Patterson's name was attached. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very shallow and predictable. I am trying to get my readers to appreciate this author's artistry rather than merely accept the plot. I will not waste my time reading the book if it's only a waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is extremely disjointed. It's basically a collection of quotes from famous authors, who, again, repeat a lot of the same points over and over again.  It's not very interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe the author put together this collection of letters to her mother in Switzerland. I was very disappointed, but not surprised. There are some very odd and not-too-accurate things in the letters, and some very not-at-all believable stories. I also had to put a negative reviewing about a book: if you're not familiar with Switzerland, then you'll think it's real. It isn't.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and it was very disappointing.  It could have been better, but it is just another one of those "glamorous" novels that everyone loves, but I did not find convincing.  I think it would have been a better book if it had been written by a woman or a gay man 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of his other books and the ones he wrote for this one are very interesting. But this book is just like the others, only better, and much more confusing.  I really have to put down this book as it is just a waste of time and I am not even sure what it is trying to be 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not have much of substance. I agree with the reviews on Amazon that this book does a disservice to the reader by not going into details about the subject, making it more difficult for the reader to grasp the importance of the book. The only reason I read this book is to get an autographed copy. I do not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book before and thought it was good.  This book was very repetitive and boring.  If you want to learn a new language, read a book on how to learn it, or even learn it by yourself.  Don't waste your money on this book.  Do your own research and make a good book out of it.  But if you want some more information on how French is pronounced, read some other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't know the ins and outs of the book, or just need to know a little more, this book is probably not for you.  It is just that.  There is no way to get a comprehensive guide on the ins & outs of how to make a successful book for your book.  Instead, it is just a basic, basic outline for your readers.  I really wish this book had been written by someone with a more technical, scientific background, or even a more commercial publishing company, as the book does not seem to be written by anyone with a business mindset, as I can see from the title.  The book starts off with a basic "how to make an e-book" guide, which is not very helpful for a first time author, and then delves into detail on "how-to's" of various book titles, such as "how do you make e-books?"  The guide covers the basics of formatting and formatting your e- books, but does not cover the "how" of actually writing a good book. This is not a bad electronic device for an author, as it allows for the book to be a "how you" book, but if you don' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In an effort to have something new in the way of an overview of the art and craft of printing books, this book is a disappointment.  While the book is written with the purpose of being an introduction to the craft of book printing, it does not present the reader with a complete understanding of the principles that underlie the production process.  The book does not cover all aspects of the process. There are also a few instances where the book states the "typographical" principles that govern the book printing process. This book is, unfortunately, a "how-to" manual.  Readers are advised to look elsewhere for a "do it yourself" book on the subject.  Don't waste your money on this book.  If you like reading about printing and book production, consider "How to Book a Book: A Complete Guide to Book Printing" or "The Book Maker's Guide".  I have not read any of these books and cannot speak for their quality.  But if you want to learn the basics, this is a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a book collector, so I can't say that this book was well written.  There are some interesting characters, and the stories are entertaining, but the book lacks depth.  I would recommend the book to others, but be warned, this book is long.  If you want to learn how to write, please read more of the works of Mark Twain, or Richard Wright. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very technical and not that interesting.  There is very little that you wouldn't know if you were already familiar with the topic.  It's just not that enjoyable.  I think it would be better for this book to be written in plain English 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a tedious, long-winded, disjointed mishmash of stories that are either too farfetched to be believed or just plain unbelievable.  It's the first time I have ever read a book that seemed to make me want to turn the page and quit reading.  I'm sure I'm not the only one, as I've read a good book by an equally talented author and he has a good plot, but this book simply makes the reader feel that it's impossible to believe.  If you like sci-fi and have a negative outlook on it, I suggest you avoid this book.  The next book I'm reading is a little better, but I doubt if it will make me quit reading Sci Fi 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few reviews are positive about the book, but I have to disagree.  While I am an avid reader, I do not find this to be the best book on the subject.  It is a very basic, superficial analysis of the subject, and I would not suggest it as a work of reference for someone who wants to understand this area of study 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book extremely boring.  It seemed to be written to make the reader believe that the "Arab world" has a lot to offer.  But when you start looking into some real history, it quickly becomes apparent that the people who lived there are not the same as the people in the textbooks and movies.  We have many similarities and many differences.  This book was not written by a "historian" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad I'm not buying this book. It is full of useless, trite and boring information. The author, David M. Kelley, was a good writer, but he just can't seem to make a simple subject interesting enough. I thought the story was interesting, but not so much for the book, but for the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book boring and boring to the point where I gave it a passing grade.  The book is so long and repetitive.  There are so many pages in this book that I just want to quit reading.  I think this book could be an excellent college freshman textbook, but the author is way too predictable.  This book does not make you think like a professional historian, it makes you think as a history professor.  You will think that the author has done a good job, but you will also think that she is just a historian like most of the other historians in the field.  If you are looking for an exciting read, I recommend reading some books by others such as Michael Mann's "The Hockey Stick and the Climate Wars" or Richard Tol's "Unorthodox Science".  If this book were truly engaging to me, I would have read the other books and I would not have read this one.  For anyone wanting to read a really good book on climate change, I suggest a good book: "The Changing Climate: What Humans are Doing to a Changing Planet".  It is very interesting and it is much better than this book.  But if you are just looking for a boring book on the subject, I do not recommend "The Climate Wars".  I would recommend "Climate Change: The Facts" by Naomi O'Leary, a good basic overview of the science, but not as boring as "The Global Warming Delusion". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it is very strange to have an author of such talent write a book like this.  It is a tedious piece that lacks in detail.  He takes a lot of liberties in explaining the principles of various machines and electronics.  The book is not really technical.  If you want to know how to make something from scratch, this is a good book.  I have read some of his other books, but this one was a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the kind of book that you will have to read if you are going to become a lawyer, but it isn't what you think it is.  It is more like a case study, with lots of facts and legal opinions thrown in for entertainment, and very little actual legal theory.  The first half of the book seems like it's for a general audience, which is fine, but the second half is full of legal opinions that are clearly out of place in the real world.  I'm looking for a book that has the same amount of information in the first half that the second has, but with a more interesting plot and plot development in the second.  If you want to learn about law, look at the more popular books, such as The Big Book of Law, The Best Law Cases, or Lawyer & Lawyer.  This book does not meet that standard 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a person of some faith (or are not religious) this is a book to read.  I had to stop reading after the third chapter.  It is just plain depressing.  The whole thing is quite boring.  If there is one positive review about it, I would suggest that you read the Bible for its moral teachings, rather than its theology. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of what the author says is true, but not very helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is true that the book is very long and tedious.  However, the book lacks any sort of character development.  I was hoping that the author would develop some sort of plot, but instead the author takes you from one point of view to the next, leaving no real sense of what will happen next 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not for beginners, it is for people who know basic english.  The language is not the best, it can be difficult to understand, and the writing is not clear.  It is also a bit too long, with many pages wasted on irrelevant information.  For the most part it is very dry, with little plot.  I would not recommend this book for anyone.  Do not waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In her introduction to this book, Ms. O'Connor writes "The book was originally published in the '90s.  I can't believe it has now come back into print!  What a travesty!  I wish I could get my money back 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading. The book focuses on the "graphic" details of the rapes, but only discusses the "physical" aspects of the crimes.  There is no attempt to describe the psychology, psychology of the rapists, or the psychological trauma of the victims.  The book does however offer some insight into the psychological aspects of male rapists and some recommendations for prevention of future crimes. I have seen several of the photographs in the book, and the descriptions are horrible.  I would not recommend this book for anyone.  It is not a good book, I do not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author of this book seems to have a problem with the English language. I found it extremely difficult to understand what was being said.  The chapters were also difficult to follow, which I will admit I was doing.    I have seen many of the same authors on the "Bible" and I found the content in this book to be of a lesser caliber. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very basic, and sometimes overly simplified, and very basic understanding of the political system in a developing nation. If you want a basic grasp of how democracy works in this country, read the books of Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an attempt to write down the ideas and strategies that one might consider taking if they were to move from the corporate to the start-up/small business world.  But as I was reading it I felt like I was looking in the wrong direction.  Instead of seeing a simple set of concepts that one can apply at any time and which can produce the results one is looking for, this book gives you the impression that it is possible to start a business with minimal resources, no venture capital, and no help from anyone.  In fact, one can even get help from a good book like this, only not with a good intention 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the beginning of this book, there was a mention of the work of Dr. William James.  However, he is mentioned as a researcher and not as an author.  He seems to have been hired by the National Cancer Institute to do some research for their study.  The information contained in this book is not relevant to the general population of people who suffer from breast cancer.  I would not recommend this book to anyone who is considering a diagnosis of breast cancer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think that it was just a very bad book.  The main character is a very dumbass.  I have to admit that I was expecting something better, and I was disappointed.  If you like action-adventure, then I would suggest reading this book.I'm sure it's a good book if you like spy stories.  But if you don't like action, spy stories, and you like novels that are really hard to read, then stay away from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read this book yet, do so before reading this review.  I'm going to make a few recommendations to help you out: Don't buy this book unless you want to learn from a professional who actually knows what he's talking about.  In other words, if you want a good book on the art of designing websites, I highly recommend you buy this one.  This book's title is the title of the book.  It's not a book for beginners.  Don't be afraid of the math.  Everything in this book was done with Excel.  The book was written in 2003.  Do not waste your money on this book. You will waste your time if you waste money on a book that doesn't even have any photos of what you're talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the first book I ever read.  The whole thing is so over the top and dumb.  It is a great read for anyone that is in the mood for a book that will make you laugh and make you cry.  However, the plot doesn't do anything for me.  I would give this book to anyone to read but not anyone that has any experience with this genre.  This book is full of typos, plot holes and character errors.  If you want to see how you can make a better book, go find a good book by someone else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of information is thrown in and the ending is very unsatisfying.  I was hoping for more action and more plot, and the book lacks in both areas 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book boring.  I couldn't even finish reading it because it kept getting repetitive.  The only positive review I have to say about it is that it is interesting, though the characters are shallow and the plot was pretty contrived.  For instance, I really had to think for a long time on what the title of the book was referring to.  Maybe the book's intended audience is those who have a strong interest in American history.  If that is the case, I would like to suggest reading other books by the author that are more interesting.  This book is probably not for anyone who is looking for a "straight" history. It will be hard to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a book that would help me understand the basics of German, but I did not find it. The author's explanations are simplistic and not at all useful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a very biased and one dimensional, not to mention a complete troll.  I find it hard to believe that he is actually a professional writer.  In the introduction, he uses the term "virgin" to describe a woman with no prior sexual experiences.  How does this relate to his book?  I don't know.  If you want a book to make you laugh, this is it.  However, if you are a serious person, I'd suggest the book "Hollyweed" by the same author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've read any other biography of Bill Cosby, this may come as a shock.  It's a total disappointment.  Cosby is not a good storyteller.  There's no suspense or mystery to his exploits.  If anything, the story is a little too familiar.  The dialogue and the writing are stilted and unconvincing.  I could not believe that the man I knew so well was capable of being so callous.  He is a man who has committed so many heinous acts.  Perhaps he can be redeemed with a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with all the other reviews about this book.  There is nothing new in this book, except for the author's attempt to make it look interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author seems to think that he can teach anything new or useful by writing a book that is full of anecdotes and theories.  Instead of providing any real information on the subject, the book offers a very basic description of various theories and theories in the area of quantum theory, as well as an extremely simplified description of the laws of quantum mechanics.  The authors' lack of understanding of the basics of quantum physics make their opinions on the topic quite laughable.  I would highly recommend anyone to avoid this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a detailed description of the Russian military machine, this is not the book for you.  Instead, get a book by John J. Mears, "The Russian Military: A History of the Army", or "The Army in Russia".  The book in question gives an extremely simplistic view of the military, and the Russian army was certainly not as primitive as this book portrays.  In fact, the Russian Army in World War II was the most sophisticated military force in the world, and it was also one of the most capable, efficient, and efficient in World Wars I & II.  It's unfortunate that the author's work is not as interesting as his other books, but if you want a general overview of the army, read "The Soviet Union".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not even remotely useful for my research on the book.  I found the book by Dr. Stephen D. Hayes to be very boring and to the point.  The writing style and the content were almost identical to what I have read on TV shows and magazines.  What was interesting to me was the discussion of the book's origins and the author's research.  Perhaps a more serious book could have been written to help me research the book and it's possible that the author of this book is a friend or an associate of Dr. Hayes who may be doing similar research to Dr. Jones 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very, very boring and very boring book.  The chapters are very short.  If you want to read a book, this is the book for you.  I can't say I really enjoyed the book.I just wanted to read the chapters out of order and I was very disappointed in this book.The book has no plot, no character development and it's just very boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author writes that there are only 100 pages of the book.  He is counting pages wrong.  The book is full of information that will make you sick.  It's full of the same old ideas and not very interesting.  I would never recommend this book to anyone.  If you are looking for a quick read on the history of the Middle Ages, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book was written by a woman who was very frustrated in her marriage and wanted to be a mother.  Unfortunately, it is not so.  I also think she did not have a great understanding of what a positive parenting can be.  The author seems to feel that parents are always there for their children, that if they are not, the child will be unhappy.  That is not the case.  Children should be allowed to be themselves.  They should be taught to be independent, and I think the author's lack of an understanding of that is what led her to the book she wrote.  If anyone out there is having a negative experience with a bad parenting book, I would suggest looking at the book, "The Big Book of Baby and Toddler Parenting" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed to discover that this book, a very nice book, was not only written by a female author, but also written by an actress, so much so that I had to turn it down to read the book by a man.  What a disappointment!  In this book all the characters are men.  There are no female characters and the plot is very predictable.  The characters are all either men or boys, and this book can be very boring.  I recommend you to stay away from this book if you are looking for something to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so confused about the plot.  What was it about? Was it about a man who was killed in a car accident and who was supposedly haunted by an evil spirit, or was it a more straightforward story about a young girl who had died in a plane crash?  I had to stop reading the book and reread the introduction.  Apparently the author of the introduction was not happy with my confusion.  The introduction is so vague and confusing that I couldn't tell what was happening.  There are several pages that just give the reader the title of the book without any explanation.  I also don't see why anyone would pay $6.99 for this book.  It seems to be an attempt at making money, not for children's books.  How could you justify paying a few dollars for a book when the publisher would be charging much more for the adult book "The Monster: A Teenager's True Story?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I have read that can honestly be called "analogous" to "The Lord of the Rings", and it's certainly not a positive review. The author doesn't really explain his references to Tolkien's work beyond what you can see on the pages of this book. I also find it hard to believe that he can honestly write that he is simply using the works of a man who he can see clearly for himself. His references are sometimes rather superficial, and his interpretation of Tolkien's original text can be rather simplistic. And to be honest, it is just plain hard to follow the author's ideas on this book, and the story is very predictable and very boring. The book does contain some good things, but it really doesn't hold my interest for more than the first 100 pages.  I am sorry to have wasted my time with this, as I will not read any more of this author's books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book, and the author's name did not help.  The author talks a lot about her "love" for her "mama", and how much she loved her.  But what she doesn't mention is that she had two children by two different fathers.  If you read this book and think you have to get married to your ex, just think of all the problems you will have in the next 20 years 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a quick read for my husband to read for our holiday.  Instead, I got this book.  I will admit it is a very slow read.  It is very slow, but it is not bad.  If you want a quick, enjoyable read, I suggest "The Family Album" by Barbara Dafoe.  She has a way of making her readers feel like they are in the story.  The family album was a wonderful book to read, but I would suggest her first.  For this book, I would not recommend this one.  Not because it is slow, because it isn't, but because I would recommend a quick book to anyone who wants to read something quick.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many of the negative reviews here. I would give this book a negative rating, however, if I did not think that the author is trying to teach the lessons of war in the book. I don't think he is. I think he's a political radical. He's trying to say something, and the book is a collection of opinions. It's not a book that teaches anything.It is not a war book. It is a political treatise. It lacks in balance, precision, and insight. It gives the appearance of being a book written for the benefit of an audience who might agree with his arguments. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading, I read the first 5 pages and it was pretty short.  It is a little boring, there are no real plot twists.  A lot of characters are clichs.  There are too many character archetypes.  I would never pick this book up unless I was looking for a quick and easy read.  If you are looking for something new and original this book may be for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of letters written to her husband.  If this was an actual book I would have to agree with many of the reviews that say it is not a work of art.  Most of the letters are extremely boring and in some cases the author uses the word "vulgar" to describe things.  I also believe this book was published to make money.  It has been said that this book is the worst book in the English language.  The author has claimed to have been paid $1 million dollars for her book and to have received a second book from her publisher.  So I guess this book should be a cautionary tale to all publishers out there.  As an author I was disappointed in this book.  This is not what I expected from an author who was so clearly trying to sell a book.It seems that she may have taken her inspiration from her husband's book "The Unusual Housewife".  If you read this book you will not find any "beautiful" recipes.  Instead you will find things like "Cake and a Mince Pie".  I would say this book needs to be put on the list of "forbidden fruits" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very frustrating. It seemed to have no idea how to address the questions presented. The author did not have the answers I was looking for. I am looking for a new book on the same topic, so I will go for the book from the Oxford University Press on this topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete disappointment to me.  I would never recommend it for a first book, as I was sure I could see the author's brilliance, but alas, I was wrong.  This one is full of blunders.  It is an absolute disgrace.  There is no real plot or character development, the characters are just there to get in the way of the author making a point, and the plot itself is too repetitive to actually interest the reader.  One would not want to read a book that so blatantly tries to make a point and is so lacking in plot.  Overall, the book was pretty dull and boring, as it lacked any real plot.The main plot of this book was the character of James Dolan, a rich man who gets his head turned by a woman (who is actually an orphan), in order to save his money.  If that was not enough, I also got the feeling that this story could have been more interesting if it had more of an interest in making a difference in the lives of others.  The author's goal was to create a great story, but it's clear that this was not the case.  For me, this book would not have been worth my time, nor the money I spent on it.  Perhaps if the book were shorter, I could have enjoyed it more 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with some of the reviewers.  I find the book too short and too vague to follow.   I found the title a bit confusing, so I skimmed the whole book.  But the main issue was the lack of any real information.  What did we know from the previous two books in the series that we didn't find in this one?  I felt that the author was trying to save time by skipping around in the text, but I have to wonder what else the author skipped around with.  If you are interested in a book that will be a good read for the first time, this one is a better choice.  The first two books are great.  Don't expect much from this one.  However, if you want to read about vampires, please check out the second book in the Series: Vampire Academy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book.  If you are looking for a new book to read, do not waste your time with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very long book with a great idea, but not a lot of information on it.  It is hard to get a full understanding of this concept.  There are only a few references that I have seen, and that are very out of date 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of examples of  the mistakes we see everyday.  One example is a guy who tries to cheat at golf.  This is not cheating  but rather just a "lose or draw".  Another example is the "loser" or "losing" in an argument.  I am not sure if this guy in this example was really  losing or not but we see this a lot  in real life.  If you are looking for a book that teaches you how to be a better lawyer, then this is not  the book  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't say enough bad book.  If you are an engineer or someone with an interest in the mechanical device, it will not be a bad read.  But if you are a regular reader, and you don't know how to do math or physics, this book is highly irritating.  The authors are too confident and not sufficiently accurate.  You will not get any practical knowledge from this book.If you are looking for a book that explains the fundamentals of mechanical device design, I suggest "The Mechanical Universe" by Paul C. H. Anderson.  I would not consider buying this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is mostly history and very little of the real world. The plot is interesting but not the plot that will appeal to children.  If you have any interest in history, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so confusing. I wanted to know what the heck happened to the "honeymoon" of the book, and the answer was "a lot."  It seems the author doesn't want to be too obvious about what happened in this book, so I'll give it a more accurate review: this book has everything in it.  A lot.  It is just too confusing and not well written for my taste.  I did not enjoy the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really a collection of old folk tales, all of which are rather depressing.  I have read the first three in order, and was disappointed with the last, as it did not live up to the others.  It was, however, an interesting read and I enjoyed it, but it did make me wish I had read the others first 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and thought it was a really interesting idea, but not that I'd ever been in such a situation as I had when I was reading this book.  It was boring and repetitive and I just couldn't stand it.  I didn't feel like I had any control over the story.  The characters weren't like I expected.  They were so one dimensional that I could barely take them in and I could hardly empathize with them at all.  Maybe it was just me, but I was pretty disgusted with the story after reading this.  If you want to read a book that is going to keep you on the edge of your seat for three pages and give you the idea that you have some control over it, don't bother with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a bad taste in my mouth and am not at all interested in this book.  I am more interested in the story of the last 20 years than the lives of its characters.  The characters in the book are so shallow and self-absorbed that I was left with a negative feeling when I finished reading.  In the beginning I did enjoy the story because I wanted to learn more about the people involved.  By the end, however, I was not interested in learning more.  What I did learn, however (it's a big secret) was that there is a lot of money to be made in the occult.  And it is no surprise that the author is a big fan of Satan.  If you are looking for a simple book that can give you the basic information, this one is for you.  But if you want something more complex, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and slow paced.  I did not enjoy reading this book.  A waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of this books, including some of the original editions, but I have never found any of it to be very convincing.  It is hard to believe that anyone who is well versed in the field of psychology could possibly think that people are always motivated to do bad things.  Yet, I think it is true.  The book seems to be an attempt to prove that the bad behavior of most criminals is caused by some form of "delusion."  Perhaps the authors are unaware of the fact that most criminals are not deluded, but are just very stupid.  I was not a psychologist when I read this book and cannot comment on its accuracy, but it is certainly not the best book on the subject.  Perhaps if this were a real book and not a parody it would have more credibility.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many things wrong with this book.  It's a total rip off of Ayn Rand's "Atlas Shrugged" for the entire first chapter.  The book starts out with the "factory" scene, and it's only about 5 pages into the book before the "real" story starts.  There's not a whole lot of detail in the book other than what I already know from the book. I couldn't even finish the book after reading the first half.  I have no idea what the author was thinking when she wrote this book, other than to sell it for a bunch of money.  If I was going to read it, I'd go with something like "The Man Without a Country".  It doesn't even qualify as a "work of art" in this case 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting. But the writing is too slow and boring.  It could have been much better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the beginning of the book, it was apparent that this was a biography of a man whose real name was Robert Riggs. After the introduction, however, it quickly became apparent that Robert Riggins had been in prison and the author of the "Riggs" books. There was no information on his criminal history, but the author continued to give the impression that Robert had committed a crime as a young man and had been released to a life of crime.  I have no idea what crime was committed and what happened to Robert Riggleins in prison.  He seemed to have died when the book was published in 1990 and this was clearly stated on the book's title page. The book was extremely boring and I was very disappointed in the amount of information given on Robert.  The author should have left out the whole "Riggins" thing.  His main character, though somewhat believable, seemed very stiff and lifeless.  It was obvious that the author had given the book to a writer and he or she had just written an extremely boring biography.  This book is not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a positive review about this book.  I'm a Christian and I've been researching and teaching the Bible for over 20 years.  What I learned in this book was a complete disaster.  It is full of "theories" without any basis in fact.  And what does it cover?  A Christian's understanding of God's law.  Do you think the Law of God is a set of rules that anyone can agree upon?  I thought not.  If you are looking for an accurate study guide on how to understand God's Law, this is the book for you.  However, if you're looking for a good book on understanding Christianity, I recommend the book "Understanding Christianity" by Dr. Peter M. Hays.  The reason I didn't rate this book higher is because I thought it was written by a Christian.  My friend, who's also a Christian, gave it to me as a gift and it was a great book.I wish Dr. Hates had given it to a student, or if he could have done better, to an editor and not a professor.  This book does not give you a "faithful" view of the Bible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a penchant for writing fiction that doesn't quite fit his biography. His wife, Jean, is a famous author and it is not hard to see that in his novels.  However, in his real life he is very private.  He seems to be in denial about his real personality, so the characterizations are often very weak and sometimes seem contrived.  The plot itself is sometimes hard to follow and the ending is also hard to predict.  Overall, it is a bit of a disappointment, but not a bad one.  Don't waste your time with this.  If you like novels with interesting characters and plot, check out Jean's work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. I have always been a fan of the books by George Orwell and his companion, George Orwell, in general. I thought the book on the Spanish Civil War was terrific and thought this book would be great. I was wrong. It is a complete mess. There are many factual errors, including the fact that the Spanish Republic did not exist until 1933. There is nothing wrong with the book, but it does not help you understand what was happening in Spain or what is happening in the world today 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As the title implies, the book begins with an introduction of the main ideas of quantum mechanics and then goes through some basic proofs. The proofs are somewhat dated and require more math than is required in other quantum physics books. There are also some examples that are not explained well. It's an interesting theory but not something that would interest most readers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are several very good books on the Bible, but this is a big step backwards.  The author, a Christian, claims the book is "based on the actual meaning of the Bible" and it seems to me to be the case.  I was very disappointed in the book, which is filled with factual errors and religious apologetics.  But the real reason for my disappointment is the cover.  There is a picture of a Bible that reads, "I believe in the Bible", and that is a very dangerous message to send out.  You will find that many of the books on this list have pictures that read, "The Bible says X".  There may be a reason for that but the book does not tell you why.  If you have a Christian friend or family member, I suggest this book be avoided 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an avid reader of both fiction and non-fiction.  The book starts off promisingly enough.  However, there is nothing in the story that I could consider remotely funny.  What makes this book an unappealing read is the fact that it is over half-way through.  I have to keep turning pages in the hope that I will get some closure to the story.  This is a sad example of how poorly written non-fictions can be.  It is simply too long and too boring to even consider finishing.  In fact, I do not even want to finish this book as I feel it is a waste of my time.  If I ever read another one of Dostoyevsky's, I will not hesitate to pick up the first one that I can finish.  Do not waste your time with this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an interesting and entertaining read for someone looking for a more in-depth look at the issues of racial discrimination in America. Unfortunately, the book spends far too much time on the "how" of it. It is a great book, however, if you want to understand how the system actually functions, then read the first few chapters and skip the "How to" part. If you want an overview of the state of race relations in America today, I suggest reading some other books instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have not read any of James L. Dorr's other books, please do not be alarmed!  He is one of the most creative authors I have read.  This book is another of his flops.  It is so lacking in substance and is a total waste of money.  The book has no plot or story line and it feels like the author is trying to cover all of his ideas with the same style and feel.  If the book is not for you, please go on to his other books: The Book of the Damned and The Night of the Stalker.  I am looking for my next book! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find this book helpful or interesting.  It was confusing, repetitive, and confusingly written.  I think the author could have done a better job with this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot of the book is really interesting. However, the plot has become a bit predictable and predictable readers will not be able to finish this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is on the shelves of a public university. It's an incredibly confusing, muddled, and boring read.  I have to put it down.  If you are new to the book, do yourself a favor and read "The Great Depression" instead.  The book is a mess.  It's also boring and confusing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several of his books and this one was my least favorite.  The author, however, has no idea how to write a negative book.  If you're an academic who has to write on an academic topic (as he does), you would do better with a more accessible book.If you're a casual reader, you may want to skip this book, but if you're looking for a quick read and haven't read any of his other books, I'd suggest you to do so.  Don't waste your money on this.  This book will not help you in any way.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviews. The book does not give the reader any real idea what they are supposed to be learning.  The book focuses mainly on the techniques to make the body stronger.  I found this information confusing.  Instead of focusing on building muscle, the book also teaches a ton of exercises for getting rid of body fat.  How does a person get rid of fat without building muscle?   I did not find this information helpful.  If you are looking for a beginner's book, do not waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not waste any more time on this book.  It is not a good book to learn about the US Constitution.  The book is a mish-mash of ideas and definitions.  What I find most irritating is that the author claims he is "speaking strictly on the Constitution".  How can he claim he is speaking strictly on an obscure document when he states that he is a Constitutional Law Scholar 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a woman who was never educated and did not have much experience in her field. I have read a number of books on women in the church and I have to say this is the worst.  There are not enough references to women in leadership positions. This book lacks references to leaders in the Church today.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been through the entire series of books by Mary Stuart, and the only thing I can say is that this book is not what you would expect. I'm glad I found another book that is equally as horrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be written as a rant against those who think they can make money by buying books on the stock market.  It seems to suggest that everyone can buy and sell stocks on the open market like a mob.  There are a few good books on investing out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books by her, and I am still not convinced that she is an authentic and wise woman.  The first chapter, titled "Life," is a long-winded excuse to give some advice about living.  It is interesting to see how she would react to some of the most pressing problems in our society today.  For example, why does she recommend the death penalty to the person who raped a minor?  Perhaps it is because she is the daughter of a murderer.  After all, her mother's sister was murdered in her bed.  But her answer to this problem is just the same as what we are hearing in most of the media and in most political speeches today.I really wish I had been spared the frustration of this book.  If you want a good book, read the classics: The Great Gatsby, The Da Vinci Code, and The DaVinci Code.  This is a very long book, and it takes some getting through. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for the first time when it came out.  I was completely and utterly disappointed.  The book itself, for its length, is not as complex as some of the other books on the list.  There are more of the usual stories that readers would expect to find in a mystery novel.  It was mostly just a collection of "stories" that were not as well developed as some other mystery writers like Raymond Chandler.  Unfortunately, the book lacks some of Chandler's best writing skills, and it is very hard to believe that the author had the time and ability to research the stories in this book.  We were not told why the books were being written in the first place.  If this was the case, then this book would have been a great book.If I had the money, I would have bought the book again, because the plot is interesting.  However, I do not have the money to buy this book, and I will not be reading it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on the book of Mormon.  This one was not interesting.  It was a bunch of rambling that lacked the research and facts.  I will not waste my time with this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I was quite shocked by this book.  This was an attempt at making a thriller out of a book that I had read a dozen times before.  It certainly left me wanting but it wasn't a good book.There were a lot of clichs and clichs that I have seen in a number of other books.  I will try to explain why.  The book also left me feeling uneasy.  In the first chapter I found myself wanting to put down because it was so over-the-top.  What was the point of killing a character who is going to be killed anyway.  There was a scene where the characters are fighting and then the book switches to a slow motion shot and there is the line "a man's eyes were closed" and then there is another shot of the man's mouth opening and I wanted to know if it was real.  If I was a killer I would have thought the "open your eyes" line was a sign of surrender.  Maybe I was thinking too much.  Either way I didn't like this book at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be boring, not interesting, not particularly educational, not relevant, and not very well-written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like your books to be a little bit different and have some fun with the characters, this book isn't for you.  It is very hard to relate to anyone else on the page, especially the girl who is constantly talking about her love of her best friend.  There are some really dumb things in this book, and I am disappointed that a good book like this is not more popular 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read any of his books yet. However, I have read the reviews and have to say that this is a bad read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, the author is trying to justify his own ignorance.  He claims the US is not at war with Islam.  The author claims the Koran is the "holy book" of Islam and Muslims are not persecuted for their beliefs.  If he wants to justify the "war" on the US, then it is time to get a clue.  You cannot make this case without knowing what you are talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read this book, you really need to.  I know I've read all of the reviews on the internet and the reviews I have read have been pretty positive.  But it is not a good book.  The premise is that the world has changed drastically and that the old order has been replaced with a new order.  This is true, but it is a very flawed premise.  In the past, there was a strong military-like dictatorship, a strong church, and a strong welfare state.  Now the old authoritarian order is gone and we have a democracy.  We are told that the US has become the world's dominant power, which is very different from what we experienced during the Cold War.  It is also not a fair assessment of the world.  If the world is ruled by a strong, military-type dictatorship, then the world would be much less dangerous.  However, the world now is ruled mostly by a military-oriented government, an authoritarian church, an oppressive welfare state, and the largest economic empire in the world 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time, and I would not recommend it to any one.  It is not a history of the Jewish people.  If you are a person who believes in the historical reality of the Jews, this is the book for you.  I can't imagine why anyone would want to read a book that states the exact opposite of the historical truth.  The author makes several false statements such as "There was a time when the Jewish People were in decline".  It seems that he is trying to give his readers a "factual" answer to his question.  This is a very disheartening book.  In addition to the fact that it is so long, the author makes a lot of errors, such as the statement that Jews were persecuted in Nazi Germany.  There were Jews in Nazi concentration camps, but not all of them were killed, as the author seems to imply.  His assertion that the Jews were victims of a Nazi genocide is also wrong.  He also states that the Nazis "killed" many people of the "Jewish People", which is a complete fabrication.  As a result, this book does not teach the reader anything of value.  Do not waste your money on this book.It is best to buy other books that will teach you something of value 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character, Mary Jane, is an older woman with an unfortunate sense of propriety, who has a few bad habits. Her husband, Jack, is a very pleasant young man, who loves her and takes care of her. But Mary Jane has a weakness.  The book does not really tell us what Mary Jane wants to do or does. The author assumes that she wants to be a nurse and spends most of her time talking about her desire.  But Mary J wants to have her own way of making a living. Jack tries to discourage her by saying that nurses are not good at it, but Mary Jane doesn't believe him. He also fails to explain what makes a good nurse.  I think that the author is not very intelligent, and that the book is not worth the money.  If you are looking for something new, try this book by a doctor or psychologist.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of the reviews about this book.  I can see how people would feel.  This is a great book for anyone who wants to learn the basics of the Latin language.  However, it is extremely repetitive and sometimes hard to keep up.  The grammar is a little off and there are some grammatical errors.  Also, the book is lacking in a few different ways.  Most of the pictures in the book are from books on the subject.  There are only two pictures that I really want to see more of.  One is a picture of the Etruscan language 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the other reviews on this book and have to agree. I am a first year student in a humanities program. This book is full of meaningless statistics and a whole lot of pointless platitudes.  The only way I could improve my grade was to skip it.  I was extremely disappointed with the lack of creativity and intelligence in the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little hard to believe there isnt any mention of the Chinese Revolution in this book. I was surprised when I found it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a joke, its an attempt to re-tell the same old book that was written for college level math.  There are more examples in this book than in the one that was actually presented in calculus.  The book lacks some interesting ideas.  In addition, there are more equations and solutions in this one than in calculus, even though the book does not use calculus. This book will make you feel like you are learning how to do something without actually doing it.  It also makes it harder to understand why certain things are important, such as quadratic equations.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with other reviewers on this book.  The author does a very poor job of explaining why this is a bad electronic device.  I will be looking for another book with more detail on this.  If you want to get a quick read on what to do with your computer, this book is a terrible book.The book is full of typos and mistakes, which makes it a bit hard to read.  You have to use your own logic and reasoning to get the book to the correct answer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book.  But it was a little hard to put down because of its length.  And the writing seemed to be a little too much like it's a series of short stories.  I don't really think anyone would really enjoy this book if they read it from cover to cover 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of fun ideas, but not much new material.  Maybe I just don't like the idea of "vintage" photography, but this book was a waste of money.  I think the best way to get a grasp on this art form is to just go out and get some good photos.  In the end, the author tries to cover everything in his book, but it's all very dry and not very interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst book I have ever read.  It's filled with all kinds of "facts" and opinions, but none of which are based on any actual facts.  If you like "The Big Book" by Richard N. Gardner, this is a much better book.  I wouldn't waste your money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an absolute waste of time to waste time on this. I am very disappointed with this book.  The main characters are shallow, and the characters don't really have any character development.  There are several examples of the author not really understanding the context in which the story is being told.  This book would be better served if it focused more on the plot, not the characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've read any other books on Japanese art, you'll be able to tell me this one is a rip off. This book gives you the basic instructions for a few of the most famous examples of art in Japan. It also gives the general idea of what a typical art object looks like, and what materials are used.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book before and I still do not understand it.  There are so many of the "dummies" in this book.  If you don't know much about the politics of Iraq, or why the war was fought in Iraq, you will be in for a very big shock.  This book is full of inaccuracies and half-truths.  It is also full of lies.  Don't waste your time on this book, it is a waste of time, money and effort 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was so unbelievable that I didn't believe it. It was almost unbelievable. The writing was not very interesting. The characters were too far gone to believe.  I was so disapointed with this book.  It is not a book that I will read again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like books that have no basis or explanation. This book, as I read it, seemed to have no idea what it was about. I was very frustrated with it. I did not like the author's style. I do think he is a gifted writer, but I think he may have wasted his money on this book. I thought the book needed more substance. If you are interested in reading this book, read some of the reviews, and keep your eyes open for the next one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have any doubt whatsoever that there are indeed "terrorists" in the United States, this book will convince you otherwise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time. The only thing I found that kept me from skipping it was the author's name. He was named "George Orwell" in the book's introduction. I found it very odd. I read the rest of the book in five hours, and it was a complete disaster.  I can't believe the book got such a positive review from the Washington Post.  If you want to learn more about communism, look at the writings of the French Revolution. They are very interesting and well written, and you'll learn a lot more about what happened in that country.  For anyone who has read any of Orwell's writings, you'll see what I mean. But for someone who just wants to learn the facts, this book is probably a waste of your time.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In a previous review I mentioned the need for a good book on the basics of French cooking. This book provides some excellent information, but not enough information to really get you started. In addition, the recipes are overly complicated, making the book unwieldy for beginners. I have been able to make a few of the recipes from this book and am now beginning to make the rest of them. The book's lack of information on the essentials of cooking also makes the book a challenge to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very boring and boring story. I do not know why this book was published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first few pages are a little confusing and confusing for a new reader, so I suggest looking for a second book from this author.  The plot is pretty much a complete mystery, and the book's length is an even bigger mystery.  I am a big fan of John R. Lydon, and I'm hoping this book will prove to be a different story, but it seems to be heading in the same direction.  It's not a bad read, but I wouldn't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most of the other reviews here, although I wish it had been written more clearly.  The plot and characters are extremely predictable, especially the main characters.  I was really hoping that the book was going to offer a new perspective on the story of Joseph Smith.  Sadly, it did not.  Joseph Smith is just a character, not a real person, and his role in the Restoration is totally ignored.  In the introduction, there is a section titled "The Prophet Joseph Smith - An Introduction."  That seems like an afterthought.  It is obvious that this is not a true history, because Joseph Smith's life story is totally irrelevant to the book.  Instead, it takes the "facts" from the book, and turns them into stories for the reader to read and enjoy.  For example, there are many references to his family.  However, there's a big difference between references to Joseph Smith as an actual person, such as "the Prophet Joseph" or "the father of the Prophet Joseph", and references to the person Joseph Smith, who is a character.  This is why I would recommend the book "Joseph Smith: The Making of a Prophet".  I wish I had read the book because the author wrote it in a more realistic style.  But there is not much of a difference between this book and the ones that I have read before.  If you are looking for a more interesting story, you might want to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In an interview with Michael O'Brien in The New Yorker magazine, author John Irving said that he was writing "the best book I've ever written."  Well, it isn't.  It is a pile of nonsense that has nothing to do with the author's real life.  There is no substance to any of the characters or the plot.  The whole thing is just a bunch of nonsensical plot lines and bizarre characters.  If you want to see the next book by John Irving, just read his book: I Am Not A Conspiracy Book, it's a true story.  I wouldn't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for the first time in college.  I did not know the author, and I had no interest in reading it.  In fact, I have read his earlier works, and they were much better.  My interest in this book was simply because I had seen his work in print and thought I might learn a little bit more about him.  What I learned was rather depressing.  He clearly hates homosexuality, and the book's title is a pun.  This book is not about homosexuality; it is a call for anti-gay prejudice and intolerance, which, sadly, is a much more common phenomenon in our society today.  It is not a good book for anyone who is gay, or who has a gay friend or family member.  The book's only redeeming quality is its ability to shock me into realizing that people like him are out there.  His book is a complete waste of my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no clue what this book is about, it is very repetitive and boring.  The writing style is a little too long.  I am not really interested in the topic at all.  This book was written for the general public and it lacks the proper level of understanding and insight to truly be useful.  Don't waste your time, read something else, it will be much better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story of the girl who gets a puppy for her first date is one of the most unbelievable stories I've ever read.  A girl who goes to her first party is confronted with the question "Are you sure that you want to do this?" and she says yes! The rest of the story is basically a bunch of people trying to make it work.  The book ends with the girl's parents saying they won't let her keep the puppy anymore and she gets rid of it.  It's such a waste of money and time to have the girl try to save the puppy.  I was hoping to find a book with better written characters and a better ending.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not even a fan of the book, nor am I a realist, but the characters were the worst. They seemed to be in a perpetual state of depression. They also seemed to have no reason to be happy in any sense, despite the fact that they lived in such an idyllic town.  I was very disappointed.  The ending seemed somewhat contrived, which made it even worse.  Overall, I did enjoy the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as part of an undergraduate writing course.  There were some great ideas in there, but it is quite frustratingly slow paced and not well organized.  The narrative structure, which would be ideal for an early-level novel, makes it feel disjointed.  I found it difficult to relate the different themes and characters with ease.  Some ideas were better suited to other genres, and I'm sure that my students had a better grasp of them.  This was a slog of a book.  Don't waste your time on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very shallow book. It lacks a solid foundation, and is basically a list of anecdotes, and the occasional quotations. If you are trying to get a quick idea of where the "cult" began, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative review above, but I am not a fan of this book.  I had no idea this was going to be an all-out fight between the left and right.  It's a shame, because the book really does give some really interesting insights, but it could have been done much better.  The whole thing is very muddled and confusing.  There are two sides to every issue, which makes it hard to really grasp the whole thing.  In fact, the entire book is basically a left vs. right fight, which is quite disappointing.  If you want a more balanced view, then I suggest the excellent "An American Family" by Judith Miller.  For some reason I just found this book to be so boring.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know the details of how I got into and am still in the Illuminati, you will have to wait until you finish the book.  I found it to be tedious, boring, and not even informative.  My personal opinions are not worth reading.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book for anyone who is new to this genre.  The writing style of this book is very repetitive.  I have read several reviews about this book that I have to agree.  This book is an embarrassment.  It is very difficult to understand the story and characters and I feel it has left the reader feeling cheated.  If you have not read any of the other books by Robert C. McCammon please read this one first before attempting to read other books written by him.  Robert C McCammons is a very talented author and I am glad he is not the author of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would say this is one of the more interesting books in the history of medicine, but the writing is just plain not good.  The author, Robert Tisser, seems to want to write about the history and the current state of research and clinical medicine in the United States but the book is too long and not written in a comprehensible way.  It is a complete disjointed mish mash of facts and fiction.  I found the book hard to read and I will have to admit I had to stop reading at chapter 6 which was very graphic.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never been much of a bookkeeper or book collector, but I was looking for something interesting and something I could read on my own.  This book is not the book I was hoping for.  I would not recommend it for anyone but a book buyer.  There are too many false statements.  If you like reading fiction then this book is for you.  But if you are looking for a book to learn about the financial industry then stay away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be rather dull and boring.  The main character was just that, a very weak one.  I couldn't really relate to the main character because I have never really been in the situation he was in.  He was a very stereotypical character with no personality or redeeming qualities.  Overall, I wouldn't recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a book to read.  It is not very descriptive.  And it really left me wanting to learn more about this very popular subject.  If you are looking for something to read that you can relate to, then this book would not be for you.  Otherwise, I would recommend "The Secrets of a Successful Marriage" by Robert Greene.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a good book on the history of witchcraft and demonology, I would advise you to skip this one.  It's full of references to witchcraft that aren't real and which are clearly ridiculous.  There is no way you can find out what happened in the 1600s without looking into the real history of this country.  I have to conclude that this book is not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the lowest of the low for the series. The characters seemed shallow and one-dimensional. The plot, if there was one, was boring. The book lacked depth, plot and intrigue.  It also did not do a good job of portraying the horrors of war in the first place 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't want to read a book by a bad author who doesn't even know how to write a positive review about anything, skip this. If you want to see a book that is more serious and well written than anything I've ever read, this is the book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book, written by a guy who doesn't like books like mine. It was boring.  I am a sucker for books with characters I care about.  Not this guy.  What a waste of time.  And I was reading the book right when the book was released, which I know because I bought the book before the book came out and was waiting for it.  Don't buy this book if you don't like reading about other people's life experiences.  This book is about a man who was a former alcoholic.  So it's basically about a guy getting drunk.  If you really want to learn more about alcohol abuse and its consequences, this book is not for you.  The book is written in a very strange way that makes the main character seem like he is trying to understand his alcoholism.  But it really just shows how far he has gone.  All of his actions are explained by the alcoholic character and it is very confusing.  In the book there is a scene where a guy in a bar tries to pick up a girl by saying that he needs a drink.   I would never do that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame to have to review a book that is so boring and hard to understand. The author was trying to make the reader a believer. I wouldn't waste my time with this. Don't waste your time with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a farce.  The plot is a little too contrived, the characters are very flat, and the ending is predictable.  I would not recommend this book for any serious student of Chinese history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been trying for years to understand the concept of "sexual abuse" and how it relates to homosexuality. This book by the author, Dr. Henry Louis Hines, does not address that question.  In fact, he uses the term "molestation" to describe consensual sexual activity.  I am left with the impression that the author believes that homosexuality can be cured by means of sexual abuse.  That is a dangerous view to have.  It is certainly not a medical diagnosis or treatment.  As far as I am concerned, Dr Hines has done a disservice to our society and the public by promoting his views.  If this book is any indication, the medical community has a serious problem on its hands.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a big fan of self-help books, but this one has some interesting concepts that are hard to follow. The author has to be an expert in self-development to get some of the explanations and ideas through. However, the book is full of misleading statements and ideas. I will have to read another book before I can understand the concepts. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I can say about this book is that I don't like the title.  I have read many books titled "The Bible and the Book of Mormon" and this one is the only one I didn't like.  It is a very dry book that doesn't have much to offer.  The chapters on Book of Mormon history are a mess.  There are only four chapters that are actually worth mentioning.  If you are looking for a book with a good overview of the Book Mormon history and the Bible then this book may be worth a read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I have ever read. It is not even a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so out of date. The language is so different from the current era 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't like this book. I was looking for a quick read and it's just a really confusing book.  I have a lot of questions and don't know where to start 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so long and boring. I couldn't finish it, and I didn't find anything that was really interesting. It is like a soap opera with all the twists and turns. It's not funny or entertaining at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was a very interesting book, but not so much for the book itself as for the author's attitude towards the book.  If you've been on the Internet and you know that the author of this book is a Christian, I will tell you right now that you are in for a rude awakening.  The author doesn't understand Christianity, and doesn't have a clue.  I would like to know what this author thinks about homosexuality or about the Church of England.  You will find out soon enough 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn something new, and not just read about it, this book is not for you.  Don't waste your money on this book.  It is very boring and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  There is a lot of information here, but it's not worth the money.  The book only gives you the bare bones, and it's very hard to find the rest of the information.  If this book doesn't work for you, don't waste money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very thin, boring and uninspiring.   It's a shame, because it could have been an interesting read.  I was hoping to learn more about some of the more interesting religious sects 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will be the first to say that this is not a good book.  I'm going to say it in all caps and make a big deal out of it.  The author, while not a professional book reviewer, did not do any research into this book.I do not blame the author, it's just that he did not have any interest in the book itself.  While the book is interesting, I am going to have to say there are better books out there that have more insight on how to write.  If you are looking for a book to read that will help you write better books, look at the other great books: The Art of Writing a negative negative review: I was disappointed in this book for not giving me more insight into how to be a better writer.  It's true that it covers some basic advice, but the advice that's given is more in-depth than this book did.  This book was a total waste of time.  Don't waste your time, read the other books out on the market 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have never read an autobiography of a woman and don't care for the author's personal story, then you may find this to be an enjoyable read. If, however, you like autobiographies of women and like stories of women doing a bad electronic device or a bad life, then I can't recommend this book for you. I have a few friends who are avid collectors of women's autobiographies and I have to say that this is one of the most boring of them. The story of Betty Jean Adams is certainly interesting, but the majority of the book consists of a long monologue, and not much of it actually relates to her personal life. Her writing is not overly polished, but it is not completely incoherent. I would have preferred to see some more personal essays, but in the end I had to cut my losses.  I have read a few other biographies and the majority are actually quite well written. I found this to have been a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very confusing.  It lacks the most basic facts about the "Halloween" celebration.  A real book is required to understand this one.  The author does make some very interesting and interesting claims.  But the "facts" in this book are just speculation.  I found it hard to believe anything she said.  Her arguments are not supported by any references or references to other books on the subject.  She seems to think that her ideas are so much more valid than anyone else's ideas.  So in order to make some money out of her theories, she must twist and invent all sorts of facts.  In the end, it is not clear what the "fact" is and what the opinions are.  If you have no experience in this subject, I suggest you do not waste your time with this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring.  The author did not give any information on the techniques that he used to do the exercises.  There is nothing new to learn here.  I did not even learn how to do these exercises from this book.  He does not have any photos that are useful.  If you want to learn how you can improve your physique, go to the gym.  This book will not help you.  It is a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several of her books and have to say she is one of the most boring writers I have ever read. The characters are mostly forgettable, the plot is boring and the ending is predictable. Her books are usually best enjoyed by those who do not have a clue what they are reading. I have not read the rest of her novels and I am not planning to do so, so I won't give her the same rating.  I would advise anyone to avoid her.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book.  It was very dry and boring and there were several points I really could have done without.  I thought it would be a lot better if it had been written by someone else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think I will be avoiding this book for the foreseeable future 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book and thought it was pretty funny, but there are too many characters to keep track.  I really couldn't believe I missed the character and story line of one of the characters in the book.  It was hard to follow the plot and keep up with the characters, which really did not give me any insight into the story or the world.  This book was not worth my time, or the time of my friend who also read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, the author does not present an accurate description of the real war.  The author uses the term "humanitarian intervention" to refer to military interventions of the United States and its allies in countries such as Iraq, Libya, and Syria.  What is really happening in these countries is a sectarian war which has killed large numbers of Muslims and Christians.  There is little mention of the involvement of Israel in these conflicts.  As a result, the reader is left with a false impression of the facts.  In fact, the majority of the deaths in the war in Iraq are attributed to sectarian conflict, while the majority in Syria and Libya are attributed as the result of Western interventions 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a "how to" book on how to make money, this is a bad one.  For a book on making money, I would recommend "How To Invest".  For money making in general, I'd recommend "The Art Of Not Making Money".  I have read several books on making more money than I had to work for and was always quite impressed with the "how" books.  This book, however, is not worth the money.  If only more people had this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not what I was expecting.  A bunch of self-published lies that have nothing to do with the real world.  The book was not written by the author nor was it reviewed by the writer.  It is a cheap book that tries to make a few bucks.  I did not find any of the facts mentioned in the book.  All the facts in this book are incorrect.  For example, one of the examples the book uses for the "Hazardous Substances" in the U.S. is not an actual Hazardous Substitute, it is a synthetic one.  This makes the book more confusing than if it was accurate.  Another example is that the book tries to equate the "pesticide" that was used in the Civil War with DDT.  DDT was not used in Civil War.  Neither of these examples are accurate.I would have given this book a negative rating if I knew it was not the real deal.  There are better books out there, but I will not waste my time reading this one.I was hoping for something more, but it was just a bunch of lies.  Don't waste your time with this book, it does not have the truth!  If you are looking for a cheap read that will get you to buy the book, this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a new take on the book that is not a retelling of the original, read the original novel.  The plot and characters are not the same and the ending, while certainly interesting, is so far too predictable that it is not worth the price.  If, however, you enjoy reading a great book that has a dark plot, and that has some interesting characters, but with a twist ending, read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been searching for this book for over two years now. It is an abysmal mess. I have read several reviews and it seems everyone who read this book feels the same. The only reason it is on the list is because I did not review it as much as the others. I wish I could give it a negative rating but I can't. The plot is ridiculous and the story lines are not interesting. I think the reason why the book is on this list is the cover art. It looks like it is an early book from a bad electronic device. I will never buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long and hard to follow. It lacks detail, which I think is a negative in most fiction. The characters are stereotypical, and the plot is somewhat predictable. The ending is very disappointing.  It lacks a clear ending that could have helped readers keep reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers. The book is full of inaccuracies and lies. The only positive review I have is for the book's author and her brother, who was the editor of the book.  I am sure there are some facts that are wrong or outdated and I would have liked to see this book as a reference for my research.  The book, however, did give me some ideas for research to do on the topic.  If the author of this book has a problem with research, I suggest she and her family not publish any more of his or her books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing more than an introduction to the book on women.  Don't waste your time with this.  You won't be able to get a deeper understanding of this topic if you read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's the worst book I've ever read, by far. It was a bore to finish. If you're looking for a "funny" book with lots of funny stories, check out "A Christmas Carol" or "The Cat in the Hat". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long, boring, and disjointed collection of cliches. The author, who, by the way, can not even spell his own name, has a reputation for not writing original fiction, and thus has no real credibility when it comes to writing the "ordinary" or "real" book that most people read in college. It is a pity that this is such a great book, because he does not write as well as he thinks he does. I find his style to be cliche and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a work of fiction.  There are several parts that are not true.  The characters are not real people.  One character, a lesbian, is called "Cathy" and another character, who is married with a female partner, is "Elisabeth".  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  It is a cheap way of making money and I don't know why anyone would be interested in it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is so negative. I don't agree with everything he says but he doesn't give us a positive review about his book. I thought it was really interesting and kept me guessing for almost the whole book.  I think the book could have been better if he gave us more information. I wish the author had just let us read the book for a while to get a better feel for it.  The book really lacks the "why" and "how" in the book, and I felt the author really put the "what" in this book. It's really sad that he didn't want to just write about the book and let us know why it was important.  His writing style is not what I would consider an "easy" writing style. I think it would be a lot easier to write a negative book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are some interesting insights in this book but overall it's a bit over the top.  It would be much better to find a book on the Internet or a book by a good writer who is actually a scientist and is willing to discuss his findings with an open mind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a book to refresh your memory on the Holocaust, this is not it. If you need to get a grasp of the subject, I would suggest the "Holocaust in Historical Perspective", by Peter Hitchens. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed with this book because it did not follow the classic, classic, structure that other writers use.  I will not read another book like this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages into the book, I started to really lose interest.  There was too much talking and too little action.  I had to stop reading because I was tired.  It's not a bad novel, but it needs more action. The story is quite interesting and I would suggest reading it if you like action. However, it does get bogged down in the boring details that most of us take for granted.  If you like the book and want a book that has a plot, keep on reading, but try to avoid this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very strange book.  He starts off as a positive review, and ends with a negative one.  I have seen several reviews with the same sentiments, and have to wonder if this is the way all book reviewers approach the subject.  As an avid reader of fantasy, I am shocked at how much more intelligent and complex this story is.  However, the author is still trying to sell this as a "coming of age" novel, which it is not, and I will warn you before you waste your time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not help one get a grasp on the current legal landscape. If you are trying to understand how the law has changed over the past 20-30 years then this book is for you. If however you are a legal professional, it is a complete waste of your time. If anything, this book does more to confuse you than it does to enlighten you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There were so many things wrong with this book that I had to review it. The first and foremost is the lack of historical context. The book covers the war from 1918 to 1921. There is very little information on the actual war or the actual causes. The author assumes that everyone knows the basic facts about the war. What happened in Europe and North Africa during this war is generally unknown, and the book makes the mistake of providing an entirely unrealistic account of it.  The author also gives a complete and total whitewash of the Nazi atrocities during the war 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are some interesting things in the book, but overall the style is not the most engaging and the prose is a bit too dry.  I found it to be rather confusing as to what is being discussed.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of misinformation.  The first three chapters are on the topic of the so-called "Russian invasion", which does not exist.  All of the information in this book comes from the US and the British Governments, which is highly questionable at best.  If you want to learn the truth about the so called "Russian Invasion", read "Saying Nothing is a Good Book" by Christopher Walker, which covers this subject.  It is much better.  I would not read this book if I wanted to learn anything 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an extremely long book, with lots of references and information that could be used to improve your knowledge of the subject matter.  It would be better for the reader to learn from the book that is readily available in other libraries 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've ever read anything by Henry Miller you know it's pretty obvious that the author of this book does not know his own work.  The book starts with some very general comments about how he's an artist, but then veers off into more and more obscure areas like his paintings.  I have to say that I found most of the sketches in the book to be unnecessary and boring.  For example, there is an incredibly repetitive piece that is mostly just the same four or five people walking.  Most of the drawings are either very detailed or very stylized, but there are also several that are totally boring and unoriginal.  He could do better if he could make some of his paintings actually look interesting.  It just seems like he's trying to sell his work to other artists.  If I could give this book an "A" I would, but the "A's" are just a result of the fact that the book itself is so awful that I can't really give it a "B" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is selling for $1.95 on Amazon. If you like reading about sex and relationships, skip this book.  I was so disappointed in this book that I actually quit my job and gave up on the relationship I was in.  It's a waste of time, and I won't waste any more of your time.  This book doesn't give you the advice you need.  If you want the information in the book, look up the internet or look at the books on this site.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another one of those books that is full of false information.  The story is set in a bad electronic device called the 'telephone' and there is little information about the real world, including the laws in that area.  I'm not saying it is a bad novel, because I've read plenty of books like this, but I would not read it if I was looking for a true account of the law.  If you want a good book about electronic devices, look at "Electronics: What Every Parent Needs to Know", by J.S. Tuffel & Company. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book, but it would have been better to have a shorter, less overwrought, less tedious introduction to the ideas.  I could have used more examples and less of the "science" in the book.  It is interesting to see how many ideas in a book are actually based on "science".  It's interesting to think that some of the ideas are based on science, but that there are actually no scientific experiments in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've read in a long time.  The book is so poorly organized and the characters are so uninteresting, I have no interest in reading any further.  It would be better if this was a short story or two.  If you are looking for a good book with interesting characters, don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of self-serving nonsense.  I am an engineer and I have done some work on this book.  It is hard to believe the author has even read the book before this one.  If you want to know anything about oil and gas you do not want to waste your time on this crap.  Buy a good book instead.  This one is full on pseudoscience.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book, if you have any doubt on how to read, I will tell you.  A very boring book.  I can see why many people have been toying with this book to help them with their Spanish.  Don't bother 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was shocked to read the title. What a shock!  What a shame!  I wanted to like this book. I didn't.  This book is not the kind that I want to read.  I read this book in one night and I was totally lost.  What an awful book!  It's a big waste of time and I'm sure if anyone reads this book they will be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was extremely disappointed.  I think the author has his heart in the right place but he is very wrong in his method of illustrating this.  It is very basic, not even that advanced.  You can see the point, but it is so basic that the reader may not even be able to figure out where he is going with this. There is a section on "theories" and the sections on "facts" and "figures" are not at all connected.  This book would be a waste of time if it did not have a complete discussion of the various theories on sexuality and homosexuality 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a book reader. I have read several of the "Greats" in my youth. I did not like this one. I wish I had been able to see the cover and not had to pay the price for this book! The book is filled with quotes from some of the most ridiculous writers out there. I found it to be very boring, although I was hoping to get some insight into the workings of the Catholic Church. I am now more concerned that someone who is in the Church is not aware of the teachings of the Church. If you like a good book and want to read something new, look for something like this, and if you don't like it, don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book in its entirety, but I do have some impressions.  I do not think this book is for the average reader.  It is written as a work of fiction and it can be hard to follow.  If you are a serious reader who loves to read and appreciate the art of literature and have a passion for this book, then do not be deterred by the length and notability.  This book is a masterpiece of misdirection, and I believe the author did not intend to be taken seriously 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was interesting, but it is very disappointing. It is almost entirely devoted to the life and work of William Shakespeare. While I was hoping for more in-depth information about Shakespeare's life, I was also hoping for a deeper analysis of his work. If you have a passing interest in Shakespeare's work, I suggest you skip this book.  I did not find it to be informative 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not believe in the paranormal. I did not read this book because it was a recommendation for a book on the paranormal, but because I thought it would be a good book for a child to read.  The premise was that the story could be true, because of the ghostly creatures in the woods.  It turns out it was completely fabricated.  I was quite disappointed, since I thought I was reading a children's book, but when I found out it wasn't true, I couldn't finish it.  A waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring, the author makes it look easy. There is not much information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't have much of a history, don't waste your money on this book.  It's a collection of the "best" and "most" of what the book claims.  If the authors really knew what they were talking about, they would have written better books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of information on how to make money, and what they need to buy.  It is very difficult for the average person to follow, because they don't have much money.  However, it does not mention the basic steps to make a living at home, nor does it address other important topics.  What's more, it provides absolutely no ideas on how you can get started, how to save money, or how to live within your means 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of myths, false information and blatant plagiarism.  It's not worth the time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of "quotes", which are mostly useless.  If you want a simple read on the concept of economic theories, this is the book for you.  I found it to be boring and extremely hard to follow.  A lot of the concepts are not explained well enough and many ideas are just a guess.  Some of the topics are just plain incorrect.  You will not find the whole story here and you will miss out on many of the ideas that will change the world.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book hard to understand. I was more interested in the story than the storyteller.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never read another book like this one.  The premise is very intriguing, but not the execution.  It was very frustrating to see the plot turn into a slog and to be constantly annoyed by the fact that the characters could not seem to agree on any of the plot points 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not read this book.  This is a poor book. The author does not know the basic facts.  I was trying to read this for my daughter, but I couldn't finish it.  The book is long, but it has very little information for parents.  There are only two chapters that I thought could have been included, but the author did not bother to provide me with any information for those.  Parents should not waste their time reading this book because the author does know the basics.  He just wants to make money.  If you are looking for something to read about a good book, read the Harry Potter books instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first two chapters are interesting. But it is the next chapter that is truly mind-numbing.  I had to stop reading this book for several months.  If you want to read some interesting, well-written books, look up Robert E. Howard or Robert Eberhard.  But if you want a mind-boggling, mind-crushing book that you won't want to finish, don't waste your time on this.  It's just a complete waste of time.  This is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was more like an extended list of myths and legends. The only ones that I remember from it are "Witches and Demons" and "Horned Beast."  If you are looking for something more, there are many of those out there.  The book does not give any real information on what is really going on with the people in the witches and demons. It makes things seem like they are real and can be treated like real things.  If anyone would like to read the book and learn what is going on, please check out the book "The Witch Trials in America". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for beginners and it certainly is not a complete guide to understanding how to find a good book: there are more than 200 references in the book.  The book is too short, too elementary and does not have enough illustrations.  I will not recommend this book for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few points were made in the book that were interesting. I was disappointed in the fact that the author did not address the issue of how to deal with a depressed person.  I found the author's explanations of this issue to be simplistic and inappropriate for those who are experiencing depression.  In addition, I found several of the book's suggestions to be counterintuitive.  One suggestion suggested that one must not "take" someone's life.  Another suggested that "life-affirming" therapy should be considered an option.  All of the suggestions were counterintuitive and did not meet my personal experience or any professional recommendations.  If you want a quick read, then this book is for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was a high school student, and it was horrible. It seemed like there were pages and pages and not a lot of real information to help the reader understand the situations that were being discussed.  One of the main characters, who was a teenager at the time, had to be dragged to the police station to be interviewed, and there was very little information on why. This book was a major disappointment, but I still wanted to know what it was all about, so I purchased the book again, and I still do not like it. It is still a work of fiction, however, and the author's intent is very well-intentioned, so maybe I should be forgiving.  I think the book would have benefitted from adding some of the information that I've found useful on this site. I'd also like to see some sort of follow-up book with more information on the issues being discussed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long book, and most of it is not useful, but it is full of the worst examples of anti-semitism, racism, and xenophobia imaginable. I have a strong anti-racism bias, and this book would have been a big help if it had actually addressed the issues of racism and xenophobic attitudes in the modern world 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been published and reviewed before and there are similarities between this book and the book written by Steven Seidler, but the plot was very different.  I have read the other reviews, however, and I can't see how the plot is any different than Seidlers.  The author could have used this book to teach children, but it would be more effective to teach the kids themselves.  It's a waste of money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to see what is wrong with this book, all you need to do is to google the title of the book and then look up a list of reviews that have been written on the book.  I cannot stress enough the fact that this book is not based on any fact.  It is pure speculation.  The authors clearly have not bothered to research the facts, only focusing on their own opinions.  Their conclusion is that there is a huge difference between 'normal' and 'normalised' rape, and therefore they conclude that it is not a serious crime.  This is utter and complete nonsense.  A serious crime is one that is done by a person who knows they are doing it.  If the authors are correct, then the only way this book can be considered 'good' is if it is used as evidence in legal proceedings.  They don't have a right to do this, nor should they. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read "The Naked God" by William J. Dever, then this is your chance.  It's a very strange story.  The author does have a good plot but, again, it's very hard to follow.  Also, it lacks a certain amount of historical accuracy.  In other words, the Indians had been living on the shores of Lake Michigan for centuries.  What makes this book even stranger is the fact that Dever's wife, Diane, is an anthropologist.  Her research suggests that this story is not an exaggeration.  She says there are similarities between Indian and Eskimo religions.  We should be thankful that he doesn't just present the Indian way of life as a quaint idea.  He suggests that it is still very much alive in today's world.  If this book is a "how to get a good book," then I have to say I'm not sure how to start 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a history book, this is not a good book.  It is overly detailed and a bit of a bore.  You won't find the information in the text very interesting.  The story line is a bit slow and boring.  If anything, it is worse than the one in the book by Gary Stuard.  I think the book would be better served if it had a better cover and better book title 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is somewhat interesting but is somewhat predictable.  There is a whole chapter dedicated to the topic of how the Nazis could possibly be so evil.  But there is no real explanation of how they came to power or how they became so strong.  It seems like they just rolled into power in 1933 with the help of the Jews and the Communist Party.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big fan of Ms. O'Connor and her books, but this one falls a little short for me.  If I was a newbie, I wouldn't even pick this up.  I am now much more skeptical of her and her opinions and have a feeling that the books are more for publicity than for real.  The main character, Mrs. O, has a very strong opinion about a book she read that is a bit too simplistic.  She also feels that the book was not well written.  However, her views don't really affect the main plot, so I won't complain much.  But I have to say that I thought this was one of the worst books I have ever read.  As I was reading, I kept thinking "Why did I just read a book that's so boring?"  It was just not for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title says it all.  This book is full of lies.  The story of the American Indian war, as it has been told by the White man, is a complete fabrication.  There is no evidence that any of the tribes of the Southwest were in any way armed, or even willing to fight for independence.  In fact, it appears that the Indian forces were so disorganized, the Federal troops could not even hold their ground, let alone fight back.  It is an attempt to cover up for the sins of the British who had invaded America and who were now doing their bidding by forcing the Indians to fight on their behalf 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story of a bad electronic device is an example of how to make a bad novel.  The first half of the book was interesting, but the second half just made me feel like I had been reading a bad computer book.  In my opinion, the book's author should not be published, nor should she be given any publicity or recognition.  I wish I could return the book to the publishers and have them cancel it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive review I can give this book is that it is interesting and it is full of interesting quotes, but it is just a bunch of boring facts and numbers.  The book would have been a better book if it had been written by someone who knows something about the military, who was not a layman and who could have provided some insight on the subject.  I really wish I had known better and had read some other books on the topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very boring.  It lacked anything I'd like to read from an African-American writer.  The plot was very basic and predictable, and the characters seemed to be drawn in a very stereotypical way.  What I would recommend instead is a novel by a white writer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a collection of the opinions and reflections of a group of friends.  The author has no idea what he is talking about.  It is the worst book I have ever read.  If you want to read a negative book on a bad electronic device, buy an electronic device and stop buying the book.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of ramblings.  The author uses the word "quotient" so much that you wonder how the author can possibly write so much.  There are many examples of idiocy in this book.  For example, when someone says something like "You can't keep a good book down" the author is thinking of this book when he writes this sentence.  If you want to understand a lot of basic ideas, this book is not for you.  I do not recommend this book for anyone who is looking for something more advanced.  As I mentioned in the book review, I think the book is more useful as a textbook for understanding the basic concepts and ideas of economics.  Unfortunately, the author's knowledge is not advanced enough to do this well.  This is why I will have to skip this book in my next exam.  Hopefully, someone will do better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the last section of the book, the author writes that there are "certainties" in the world of pornography.  But, as I have said many times, there are no such "certaintys" in human sexual behavior.  Pornography is a universal human behavior, but it is a behavior in which men are vastly outnumbered by women, and there are few who are not aware of this fact.  The author is trying to paint a picture of female sexual desire, but her painting is an inaccurate one, since most women do not want to be seen as sexual objects, or even sexual performers.  If you want to know what women want, read some of the books on sex that are available to you in bookstores.  What he is trying here is to make a "social science" out of sexual behavior, which is a rather dubious attempt.  It's not the author's intention to suggest that all women want to engage in sexual activity, or that men are somehow responsible for all women's sexual behaviors.  Most women want only to be in a relationship that they feel comfortable in, and if the author is really trying to understand women, he will have to look at the way that men and women interact with each other in their private lives, which in this case would mean looking at the pornography that is out there.  So, this book would be better off being called "The Case Against Pornography."  It is, however, a very interesting read, and is a fascinating read for those who are interested in this subject.  Don't waste your money on this book.  I did, however recommend it for anyone who wants to understand how men and boys in America view the world and behave.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are only two characters in the book who are clearly male. The other one is named "Dorothy", and she is a woman.  It would have been nice to see a couple of characters with more of a gender fluidity in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I'm a huge fan of the TV show, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and I was hoping for a more realistic look at vampires. Instead, the author's main theme seems to be "how to be a vampire".  I do agree that there are a lot of misconceptions out there about vampires and the like, but not enough information on how to get to know them better. I also agree that it is hard to tell a vampire's real personality, especially when they are trying to hide it, but this is a huge problem when it comes to dealing with "real" people. The author could have avoided this with a more detailed book on "how vampires talk".  If you are interested in the subject, don't waste your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading this book and was left with no idea what it was all about.  The author spends almost no time explaining why this book is so important and instead just makes a bunch of random statements such as "The Bible is the word of God" and "The Book of Mormon is true" and gives us "A theistic religion" and then immediately moves on to other topics such as a theistic approach to the universe and evolution.  It seems like the author just made a bunch off of common sense.  I can't believe anyone read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As far as I am concerned, this is a very boring, boring book.  There are not even any interesting characters, no one is actually in danger of losing their job or getting divorced, and the plot is pretty dull.  The ending is just awful and the book is full of plot holes.  I did not find this book to be as interesting as the one I read about "The Killing Fields".  This book is more of the same as the "Lizzie Borden" series.  However, if you want a book where you don't have to have a clue about what is going on, I suggest "The Longest War" by Michael Crichton. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and the subject matter is hard to follow.  I have never understood why the authors are giving away a book of this type for free when they can make a fortune from it.  It's hard to believe this is a real book, not a marketing ploy.  If you like books on how to write a negative book, this is for you.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book. It's a good book, but I feel it was rushed and the chapters were way too short.  The main character, Sam, seemed to be very well developed in the beginning, but the plot kept getting dragged out.  It was hard to get through.  I wish I had read this book when I was young. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was poorly organized and very confusing.  He used some pretty basic math to calculate the money cost of each book, and it seems like he did not factor in how many pages the book was.  The author does not seem to have any knowledge of economics.  If you want to learn how to be a better economist, skip this book.  It's a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was very interesting but the writing was very dull.  I will not read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  It's a long, boring, uninteresting book with few photos.  I wouldn't waste my money on it.  But, I must admit, I'm glad I found out that it was written by a well-known author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more of this type of book - more like "The Secret of Magic" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book before, and I will admit that it is a nice little book.  It is full of quotes from various philosophers.  But this book is not a serious attempt at philosophy, nor is it a proper examination of philosophical issues.  Instead it is, at best, an interesting collection of philosophical quotations and opinions.  The main focus of this book however is the subject of abortion.  While the book itself has some interesting points, it is ultimately a farce in the face of its title.  For a serious examination of this subject, this book would be far better off as an encyclopedia.  In any case, it will not help anyone to understand what the debate is about.  I would suggest reading more of the other philosophers, such as John Rawls, or Sam Harris, as this book only serves to illustrate the flaws in the current pro-life movement.  Also, the book's title itself is misleading.  If you are looking for a serious discussion on this topic, you should seek out another book by a philosopher such as Alan Stivier.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are a lot of mistakes in this book.  The author tries to be all too subtle in her references to certain subjects.  If you are not familiar with the term "Theory of Everything", you will be very confused.  Some of the terms are misleading.  There is no real definition of "Einstein" in the book.I would have skipped this book if I knew what I know about it.  I would like to see an updated book with a new title to the title.  It is almost as if the author thinks this book is the final word on the topic.  That is the worst thing that can happen 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know who "Dr. Richard Friedman" is, but I'm pretty sure I don't like his books.  If you are looking for a comprehensive treatise on the evils of abortion, I suggest you go elsewhere.  The author does not seem to have a clue as to what he's talking about.  It is, to be fair, a common theme among anti-abortion authors, but they are far more thoughtful and intelligent than Friedman.  I would suggest, instead, that if you want to understand the issue of abortion (or anything else for that matter), you should look at the work of those who know more.  After all, they will be more honest, they'll be more objective, and you won't waste your money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a history major who was hoping to learn about the historical events of the Civil War.  What I learned in this book was a complete mess.  It is not the history I expected from a first year college student.  The authors are way too cavalier in their claims.  I was so annoyed that I actually returned the book and threw it away.  My opinion of this book will always be one of its shortcomings.  Don't waste your time with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a compilation of the opinions of a bunch of authors who know nothing about the history of the Middle East. The author who first proposed this idea of a book on the Arab world and the West Bank called it a history book. I was shocked and shocked to see how many references are to the opinions and writings of the Palestinian Authority (P.A.) and Hamas. The book does not mention the fact that the P.A. and Hamas are both terrorist organizations. The P.O.A., however, was born in the midst of the Arab Spring. What will this book do for the people of the West bank? It will give false hope to the people there that they can get the same things they want. If anyone who reads this book has any knowledge of the real history of Israel or the Arab World, they will be greatly shocked at the ignorance displayed. If you are a Christian, don't buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think that this book is full of misinformation.  I know that the book is supposed to be an article from the "National Park Journal" but there is no way it is an actual "journal".  It is a "book" that has been "quotations" from various "historians" who are themselves biased and often are not historians 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very long and boring. I found it very hard to keep track of what was happening in each chapter. The chapters in the middle and last chapters were very difficult to follow. The author did not give enough information for my children to understand the events described. There are also several spelling mistakes. I did not like the author's attitude to racism and the way he presented the topic of slavery. I was very disappointed with the book because it was written so poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very boring and poorly written book. It really is the story of a woman who is not very good at sex. This is the first book I have read where I feel like I am not learning anything new.  If this book was a bad electronic device, I would have a hard time believing that the author has a book deal with the BBC, considering that it is a show that has been airing for 30 years.  It is a shame that I have wasted my time on this book, since it seems to me that I should be learning from her book, not from her TV show 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find this book to be informative or entertaining.  In fact, it is quite painful to read.  For starters, the author does not provide examples or references for most of the ideas he presents.  His explanations are so convoluted that I had to keep rereading to find out what I had read about.  I found the book to me to be rather confusing, and I would not recommend it for anyone, regardless of how intelligent they may be.  Also, the language is not overly academic.  If you want to know the basics of math, algebra, and geometry, this book is a great resource.  But if you want a book that will make you go "hmmmm" for a few minutes, and have a couple of "aha" moments, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off with a positive review about an excellent book: the author's "philosophy" is that there are different ways of living and different values.  Unfortunately, there are only three.  The first is what he calls "rational" or "normal" or what most people in this country call "materialism".  The second is what I call "non-rational" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time. It is boring and boringly written. You will never finish the book. The author, however, is an excellent writer, who makes his books very entertaining, but not worth the $10 price tag.  If you have a serious interest in this topic, you will not finish this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a general rule I don't review books unless I've read it. I was expecting a lot more from the author, and I was disappointed. This book, if you like science fiction, is a must read. If you don't, there are other options. I would say the same about the previous book, but it's a different story. I don' recommend this book unless you want to read a book that actually has some depth to it, that doesn't just be about space aliens. The author has a good idea, and there are some interesting ideas, but his book lacks plot. The book, which is supposedly "The Science Fiction Handbook", is full of pages that are completely unrelated to the science fiction section. The authors could have done more to make the book interesting and engaging. There are a lot of ideas in here that are not "sci fi" ideas, that would be very interesting and worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just not that interesting. I would suggest something more like "The Way of the Sword" by Robert J. Sawyer.  I was so disapointed by this book that I actually decided to buy the book by Robert R. McCleary and Richard A. Zorba for my 8th grade Social Studies exam 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A collection of interviews with various celebrities in an attempt to help them with their personal problems. The interviews in this book have a strange tendency to go from the awkward, to the awkward and off-putting, to downright bizarre.  I found it quite hard to believe the interviewees were actually serious about what they said, especially when they were asked to provide financial aid for the "families" of their kids. The book also has the tendency of focusing on celebrities with a certain amount of fame, and there are a few instances where the book provides some sort of financial assistance for these people. The only thing I have to say about the book is that the title of the book "Celebrity Money Problems" is a tad misleading.  The book isn't a money problems book, it's a money problem book.  It's a guide to celebrities that wants to know how to help their personal money problems 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with others who rated this book at one star. It is not an easy read, and I was left wondering if I was reading something from a textbook or from someone else's personal journal.  There were some errors.  However, the plot and characters are very shallow and I didn't feel the need to finish the book.  I was also frustrated by the fact that some of the information I was able to find online was incorrect.  Don't bother reading the book if you want to learn more about the author's life and experiences, as this is a personal journal, not a book intended for anyone but yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a long book with a ton of information.  I learned a lot more about a lot of things I didn't know, but it is just not that exciting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know what it is like to be in love and have a big ol' love interest, read this book.  If not, then go read some of the reviews here: I thought this book was a good read.  I was disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In addition to being very boring, the book seems to be written with a strong bias against the LDS Church. I think it is also a little too preachy, and it seems like the author is only trying to help the readers better understand what the church is really about, not to tear down the church.  I will be reading some other books by him, but not until I finish this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of the book "The Secret History" then you will not be surprised to learn that the author has a penchant for writing fictionalized accounts. In his attempt to provide the facts for this book, however, he has gone way overboard. He presents accounts which are either far-fetched or just plain wrong.  In this instance, he appears to have fabricated accounts of the assassination of JFK which are more akin to fantasy than fact.  The book is not particularly good and I'm not sure how anyone can take it seriously.  If it is not a book for serious historical research, then it's certainly not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of chapters on the history of the Holocaust were very misleading. The book does not give the whole story. The author makes a big deal out of the killing of six million Jews. However, he makes little mention of the death of hundreds of thousands of innocent men, women and children. The only mention I could find of children was a brief reference in chapter 10. I thought the book was more balanced. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give this book a negative rating, but it is way too long for a first grader to read. The author is a good book author, but she is very boring. She is soooooo repetitive. The book is filled with lots of pictures and sounds, but not much in the way of actual information 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of the reviews and I can see the book was poorly written.  However, there is a reason it has been made into a bestseller.  The story is unbelievable.  It has no plot and it is a roller coaster.  I found the characters not all that interesting.  One of the characters, a woman who was apparently adopted by the main character's brother, had a very shallow and pathetic personality.  This makes the book even more unbelievable.The writing is a bit too clunky, but I suppose that is to be expected with a book with such an author.  In the end, the book is about the family of a wealthy family who moved to a big city in the 1950s.  There are very few details and the characters are not really fleshed out.  If you read a good book, don't read this.  But if you read the reviews, I think it is worth the effort 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another in a long line of books that is so devoid of plot. The story itself is interesting and the author does an excellent job with his characters. But the plot is shallow and boring. I think if you want to read a good book you need to stick to the plot. If you like the characters, however, go for it. I was hoping for a more interesting plot, but unfortunately this was not the case 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those books that really should have a disclaimer saying that the information is for informational purposes only. There is no real "smoking gun" as to the existence of a large UFO, only theories. The author appears to be an ardent believer, so it is no wonder that his theories do not line up with scientific facts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book a 3-star.  It is really just a series of short stories, not a full novel.  In my opinion, it is just as much of a waste of time as it is a distraction.  The characters don't feel real, and the plot feels contrived and overly contrived.  Overall, the plot is so basic and predictable, I think it would have been more effective if it had been written by a professional, like a Stephen King or Cormac McCarthy.  If you are a fan of Stephen King's work, you will probably enjoy this book, but don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As someone who's just finished the book I really wanted to like it.  However, I was very disappointed by the lack of detail in the chapters.  I felt that most of the info was in the appendix and not the text.  So, for example, the book said that the author lived in Boston.  It's true, but when I looked at the chapter on Boston in the text I found out that it was the author's home town.  The book is also a bit confusing when it talks about Boston University.  For example, they say that Harvard is the home of the first MIT.  If I had known this I would have known that it is actually Harvard's oldest school.  Overall, I just felt that the book did not meet the expectations for a book like this.  In addition, I would suggest reading the book by Richard De Niro.  He is a terrific writer and his book is one of the best in the book series.  Still, I'm looking for a different book on this topic.  Maybe I will read it one of these days.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of his books, but this one is by far the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not clear what a "favorable review" is, since I've been a fan of this author for almost 20 years and still can't figure out where the book stops and the plot begins. It reads like a first draft that someone tossed together to see if it would sell. It's a slog to the end, though the plot is enjoyable. There's a lot of wasted time, which I won't dwell on because it's a common problem with the novel, but it would have been better to have the book in some semblance of chronological order. The author's previous novel, "The Night Room," was better, but I have to admit I thought it more interesting than this one. This one was more derivative and less suspenseful. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not the book it purports to be. It is a collection of essays written by the author with no apparent relation to the actual events. There are several errors in the book such as claiming that the massacre occurred at St. Bartholomew's Church in Washington, DC. There is no mention of the fact that a young girl named Dolly was actually killed at the same location, the Catholic Church. If you are looking for a book that has some semblance of reality, I suggest looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As the title indicates, this book was originally published in the 1960s.  It is long out of date and poorly organized.  There are a lot of typos and misspellings.  I also have to agree with the negative review by Mark G. Johnson in the book review section of Amazon.com.  The only reason I finished the book was to find out where the book is still being published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the first I have read from Mr. R.S. Tolkien.  I was looking for an encyclopedia on Middle-earth.  If you are interested in Tolkien and not just a few pictures, this book is for you.  In this book, Tolkien gets really mean.  The book is very dry.  However, there is a lot of information, but it is not enough to get you started.  Most of the pictures are very hard to find, and some are not even well organized.  There are some really bad drawings in this book.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems like the author is only writing this for attention.  It is very hard to find out what exactly he is going to talk about without reading the book.  His theory of how the Illuminati works is based entirely on speculation, and there are some interesting theories that might help explain things.  But I can tell you from experience, the reader is not going to get a very good book on the Illuminati unless you can keep up with the book's text.  For example, he seems to have no idea that the Illuminati has an official website.  If you are interested in the Illuminati and want a more detailed explanation of how they function, then this is a great book to look at, but it is by no means the only book that you can find on the topic.  The book is just too long and boring for the reader to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on writing in general, but this is one of the worst.  It is a long and tedious book that really doesn't provide any new ideas for new writers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very long book, but its very hard to follow the storyline and understand the characters. The book is very difficult to follow and I kept getting distracted by the characters instead. I found the book boring and boring the characters were. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is pretty self explanatory.  I was looking for some information about how to cook some sort of exotic food.  So, I bought the book and got the book.  The recipes were very confusing.  How to make coconut cream pudding, shrimp and crab cakes, fish in a slow cooker and other recipes I was not quite sure.  Not really interested in trying anything else.  If you have tried cooking at home, I suggest this book, and if you haven't, it may be a good idea to start from there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really thought this book was going to be a great guide for someone who wanted to learn more about this beautiful and fascinating island.  But sadly, the author was not very knowledgeable in this matter.  I did learn a few things from this book, but they weren't very helpful in making a positive review about the book.  In addition, I did not find the book very engaging or engagingly written.  It is not an easy read, so I would recommend it for someone with an easier time reading.  However, if you are a beginner, I would suggest looking at the island's official website 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bad book. I do not know what the author was thinking when she wrote this. If you have a few minutes to spare then I recommend a copy of Johnstone's History of the Rise and Fall of the American Empire. I have read both and found them equally disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an interesting read, but it is hard to imagine that it was a positive review.  It is almost impossible to believe that a person who is so obsessed with one book and who thinks his or her ideas are so original, would write another.  I was very disappointed in this book.  The author seems to be a little too confident in his ideas.  If you're looking for a positive book, I would recommend "The Art of Living".  I thought the author was an okay writer, but I did not feel that he could write a positive positive review about anything.  He seems to think that this book could be an important book to have, but not for the right reasons 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete disaster, filled with over-the-top descriptions of the worst ideas in history. The only redeeming factor is that the author has some experience in business.  He certainly should have taken an economics class before starting to write this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of lies and half-truths. I don't know where this book came from.  I've read hundreds of books on the Internet. I know what is true.  If you are looking for a new book to read, I suggest the books on "The Family Secrets" (New York, 1990).  If, however, you want to know how the Illuminati operates, I recommend this book.  It will only serve to confuse you and will give you a false sense of confidence.  Don't believe everything you read on the internet, especially if it is printed in a book. You will get your money's worth in a real book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read the book since it was published. I have read some reviews of it and I agree.  I would not recommend this book for anyone.  The first half of the book does not really do justice to the ideas contained in the second half.  For example, I don't see the point in writing about the "war against the New World" if you don't mention the slave trade, which was an actual, but not widely known, part of that war.  There are other ideas in this book that I do not agree with.  If you like reading about the horrors of the past, but are too lazy to read a full book, this is a good book.  However, if you want to learn more about the ideas in the book, you will not find much of a learning aid here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really hard to follow.  You get the impression that the authors are just trying to teach you how to write a positive review about books.  This is a very difficult book for anyone not familiar with the fundamentals of creative writing to understand.  The chapters are so confusing that you will probably end up with a book full of vague descriptions of words and phrases.  It is hard to know what to do with your characters.  And the writing itself is very repetitive.  Most of the story lines are repetitive and don't have any real payoff.  I really wished the authors would have left out the character names because they would have been very difficult to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I knew the book I was buying had been written by a man who had never been a priest, I would not have bought it.  This book is a tedious, dry, repetitive, and boring read, and lacks the wit and humor I expected from a man with such a deep knowledge of Catholic theology.    The book is filled with references to Catholic theology and church doctrine that are not pertinent to my understanding of it, and it would be helpful if this book was read in conjunction with another book which had some more relevant information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete waste of time, time I'd rather waste.  I've read all of the other reviews, and read the book's index, and I'm appalled.  What a waste. If you're looking for a quick, fun read, I'm afraid to say you'll have to be more selective.  This book isn't for you.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  It was too much like reading a travel book. The book had little to do with the island.  The photos were good but it seemed like the author forgot the island and its people.  I feel like I wasted my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was like watching an old lady read a bad novel.  The characters are shallow and one of them is not even named in the book.  I didn't really get into it.  Maybe it would have been better if it had been in a book by a writer like A.A. Milne.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I read the book, I was struck by how many times the author tries to "help" the reader by putting in some facts and figures for the reader to digest.  I kept hoping the author would have some better insight, some insight into how the actual numbers would stack up in this book.  Instead, I found that the author seemed to be doing it for himself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and have been in a state of shock for what I did not understand when I read it.  I thought I had the answer.  Instead I got the worst of both worlds.  The story seems to me like a play.  Yet there is little to no plot, little to do with characters and the characters seem to be almost entirely characters who were already in the plot.  It is just a bunch of scenes and characters who go through them.  If you are a fan of drama, you may find the book very interesting.  But if you don't like drama, don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know how to make money in the business world, read this book. I didn't find the information useful and I was left frustrated.  If this is your first introduction to business, I'd suggest this book over the ones on the marketplaces, books on the law, or even the Wall Street Journals. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not be recommending this book to anyone who cares to learn more about the Church and its history.  If you want to know the truth about this church, read the works of Elder Packer, which is much more informative.  I found this book boring, and the explanations of it are very simple.  It also was hard to follow, and when I was done I could barely relate to it.  The questions asked in this book are hard to answer without a little bit of background knowledge.  This book can be useful for those who are interested in learning more about their religion, but it is not for anyone looking to understand the true history of the Church.  Don't waste your time on this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe the author thinks she can write a book about this stuff.  I mean, who can write this stuff?  If she can, why isn't she doing it?  I will never look at a book that I don't agree with, whether it be because I'm a fundamentalist Christian or not.  If it's a fundamentalist book, I'm out!  I have a friend who also doesn't agree.  Don't let this book scare you away from reading it.  It's not a book to be frightened of! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is almost as long as the novel, but this book has far too much junk in it.  There are two main sections in the book, one where there is a murder, and one where the characters are all over the place.  It could have been shorter if it had more of the characters in focus.  A great book for people who want to learn about the book "The Road" but who have no interest in actually driving a car.  I am a novice, and I had no idea where to start in the text.  In the end, I felt that this book wasted my time.  The novel is interesting, but not very well done.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has no hope for the reader, and it is hard to put down.  If you are an experienced and knowledgeable book reader you will find it hard to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is just too long.  I would not recommend this book to anyone who has not read his previous work.  The author is a writer, not a historian.  He does not provide any historical context, which in the modern era makes it difficult for the reader to understand the context of his narrative.  For instance, why did the French Revolution occur?  I am not sure why this book did not provide the historical context.  In addition, the author discusses topics that are completely out of context in terms of historical understanding, such as the French colonies in the Americas.  This is a waste of time, not only for the person who reads this book, but for everyone.  If you are looking for a historical account, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I read the book, I felt that I was being duped.  The book is full of self-help gurus and personal trainers with no experience.  It is hard to believe that anyone can write a negative book without realizing that the advice they give could have very negative effects on the reader.  If you want to improve your life and your health, do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are some interesting ideas in there, but there is very little new and interesting material.  It's an excellent book for people who are interested in studying the effects of the economic collapse of the US economy.  But the writing is extremely dull, and it does not inspire the reader to think for themselves.  I found it very frustrating to finish this book, and I can't recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for the first time a few months ago.  The author, a graduate student, could not explain how he got the idea that he was writing a positive review about the book.  He is not an English professor, but is in fact a political science professor at a very liberal university in the Midwest.  I did not find any of his arguments convincing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was going to be great. I thought the book was great for the first 50 pages or so, but it became really boring.  If you read the first 60 pages or more you will be very disappointed.  I would recommend to everyone to not buy this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring and very dull book with lots of boring and dull pictures and a very weak plot.  What is this "Walking Man" anyway.  The book also contains some questionable facts and some of the explanations are downright weird.  I really wanted to know what this man looked like so I would understand how this book could possibly have been written.  Oh, well, it was so boring and I was so frustrated I stopped reading and just watched the movie "The Walking Man".  It is a very bad book.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know what the author is thinking when he writes such a negative book about a horrible book.  The book is full of anti-semitic jokes.  And there is just so much to complain about, such as the title, the "anti-semite" is actually a synonym for anti-Zionist.  I guess the author could have had some help from his wife who is the owner of a Jewish bookstore, since she does not read much books.  This book does not teach any real knowledge at all.  It is a compilation of several articles and quotes from websites that are anti-Semitic, and the author tries to make it seem like it is "scholarly" but it is actually very biased and misleading.  For example, one of the "scholars" writes a negative reviews about a book that he is criticizing, and yet he seems to think that Jews are not that big of a problem anymore.  There are plenty of examples of Holocaust denial in the book.I think the book could be more useful to anyone who actually knows anything about the Holocaust.  If anyone wants to learn more about it, they should pick up a real book, such a "The Holocaust in History" by Richard C. Evans.  However, the book does give some "clues" as to how the Holocaust really happened, so it may be worth looking into that.  What I really hope the author realizes is that if you want to be a serious student of history, you should read books written by actual experts.  You might be surprised to learn just how much of this book was actually true. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book would be better suited for an older generation.  The stories are old and boring and the characters are often over-developed.  I don't understand the point of this book.  It was not well-written and the ending was disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A really tedious and uninspiring book.  There is absolutely no real plot to the story, and I felt like the main character was barely fleshed out and nothing more.  I was also disappointed because the book is full of examples of the sort of book that could have been, if only it had been written with more detail.  Not sure I would ever read another like this.  But I would have recommended it to someone who is looking for an interesting story, but who doesn't have any real idea of how to write it.  Don't waste your time.  If you are looking for something to read, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story of a boy's relationship with his mother is an interesting one, but the author does not give the reader a thorough enough look at the situation. The boy, who is called Harry, is a teenager who is trying to get his mother to leave her abusive relationship with her husband, who refuses to see Harry and wants to be called "Dad" instead. Harry's mother does not want Harry to be able to see his father.  She is a very powerful woman and it is not an easy thing to convince her to do.  However, it seems that Harry is successful. Harry gets his mother on the telephone and they talk. It is clear from the first pages that this is a mother-son relationship, but it is never stated how this is accomplished. It seems as though the reader is led to believe that this relationship is a secret.The book ends with Harry telling his father that he does not wish to see him, and his father gives in to his son's wishes. It does not seem that the author would have wanted Harry to end this relationship.  If Harry's father is able to leave his wife and their abusive relationship, it is difficult to see how Harry's relationship would remain stable.  In addition, the author seems to think that Harry's problems stem from his father's abusive past, which may or may not have been a part of his childhood.  The book lacks substance.  I would suggest reading another book about the same subject by the same author, or at least by the first author, who has a good reputation for writing realistic books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be somewhat lacking in substance.  The chapters were often extremely long, and seemed to drag on far too long.  I do not have much to say about the author's personal experiences that I could relate to 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with false claims, and I can tell you that the author's sources for those claims are questionable. The claims about the Holocaust are, I think, exaggerated.  I also think the book is very confusing.  The author doesn't seem to grasp the difference between anti-semitism and anti-Nazi ideology, or between the two.  It's hard to believe that a man of the left who believes that the Nazis are evil is really the same as the author of this book, who is apparently a "rightist."  If you want to know the truth about the holocaust, read this book and not some other book that claims it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of errors. It also has a section on the war against terrorism which, by the way, is an oxymoron. Terrorists are people too. They are not a monolithic organization. They have their own ideologies, ideologies that are often very radical. What terrorism really is is a common goal between various groups of people. If it is a goal then there is a reason to have the war. If there is no reason to fight then there can be no war. It is a bad way to educate people. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I was really disappointed.  I felt it lacked depth.  There were so many questions that I could have answered on my own.  In fact, I asked many questions in the book that I had never considered before.  If you are looking for an easy read for your children, I would suggest another book by the same author, but definitely not this one.  What I got instead was a lot of reading and lots of questions.  It is just not a book for my kids 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so lacking in detail, it could be the entire book in one short paragraph.  There is very little that is helpful for someone starting a new book, other than a few pages on the basics of cooking.  It is hard to tell from the cover that it is a cookbook, but the recipes are not very tasty.  For example, the "Spicy Pork Cutlets", which has the best of the two recipes, are just meatloaf and mushrooms in a sauce.  The book also lacks recipes for anything more complicated than a simple sauce, like risotto or rice pudding.  If you want a guidebook, I recommend Cook's Illustrated or Martha Stewart, which have far more detailed recipes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half is extremely boring.  The second half is much better, but the first half does not help the reader much.  It is almost impossible to follow the plot.  There are so many unnecessary explanations that the reader can become confused.  If you want to see a good book, go to "Might and Magic" by Gardner.  This book is an embarrassment.  I was hoping for more adventure and more character development.  But it is more boring than "Mighty J.K. Rowling".  It seems like a cheap book by a cheap author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disapointed with this book.  I thought it was great, but not as thorough as some of the other books on this subject.  The writing was extremely terse and lacking in detail.  And the explanations of the concepts were not as clear as they should have been.  Not a good book for anyone who wants to learn how to use the book to their advantage 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed with this book, which was quite confusing.  The only reason I bought it was because it was recommended to me by an  fellow student.  I am a fan of Martin, but I thought this book was too dense.  Perhaps I am just being picky 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not going to review the book here because I'm very new to the subject of this book, and the reviews I read on Amazon after reading the book in print were negative.    I can see how this book is popular in college classrooms because it covers the theory of evolution and how it is being interpreted in the classroom, however I can't imagine that this book would be popular in the Church because it is not being taught in the official Church position.  What the Church really needs to do is stop teaching this material and put the "science" into the "faith".  The only reason that the book is taught is that it can be "safe" because there are so many people in the church who are ignorant of the science and have an interest in "science".  If this book was put in the hands of teachers who were teaching the truth as taught by the Church, I'm sure the "safe teaching" would have stopped.  If there are still "science professors" in the LDS Church who teach this material without fear of repercussions, the Church needs to start putting out more books to help the people in their church understand the science.  The Church should also stop claiming to be the only true Church and start being more open about the truth of evolution 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't care for this book.  I had seen the book several times before and it was the same story.  In other words, same old, same.  If this book was a serious study of Buddhism I'd have taken it more seriously.  There are more serious, interesting, interesting books out there.  But the book in this one is so poorly written and the story so boring, I was disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very boring.  The first part of the book is interesting, but the rest of it is very tedious.  There is nothing new in it, which is a big minus.  Don't waste your time reading this book.  If you want to know what is happening in China right now, read the recent Chinese Daily.  It is the best source on the topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's really hard to see how this book could have been so popular.  If you have read a lot of "history", you may know the whole story.  But if you're just looking for a short read, you might be able to get away with this book.  The chapters are very dry.  Also, the descriptions of some of the interesting people in this country are pretty interesting.  I had to stop reading after chapter 9.  It was so hard to believe it wasn't true.  Not all of the facts are totally accurate.  Some of the details are completely wrong.  Most of the time, it is hard to figure out where the book is going, especially for the first half of it.  One thing I can say is that this book is very boring and boring is not something I'm usually willing to admit.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not sure how this book came to be.  It is an extremely long and boring book.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed. I didn't like the premise, and it's very obvious that there are other people who have enjoyed it. The writing style is dated, and I was expecting to see some more contemporary references. I found some of them. However, the premise is flawed. It's a little hard to believe that anyone would take such a serious book as this seriously, and the title alone is so misleading. The plot was a little thin, but the characters were shallow. There was a lot of character development, but I found the plot boring. It lacked suspense, which is a common problem in fiction. It was a disappointing book for my time. I will not be reading another by Mr. Gaiman, because I think that's a wasted opportunity for him. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is extremely dry and boring. I found it to be extremely disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was long and boring.  I expected much more.  It is all about people and how they react to things.  If that's all it was like, I would have had a better book.  However, it is not.  There are not enough details about each character to make them real.  Too much was simply fluff.  Maybe I just want to read more books by the same author.  Don't waste your money on this book. If you want a more exciting book, I recommend "The Unauthorized Autobiography of Donald Trump: The Untold Story" by Michael D. Shear 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the end, it is all about a boy who can't help his mother's dying daughter.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many books out there, and I have read some of them. This one was a waste of time.  It was very dull.  I have been waiting for someone else to do a serious, serious novel like this.  If I ever decide to write a book, I will probably do something more serious.  This was a really boring book, but I will not waste my money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really want to like this book, but it is hard to believe that it is the work of a man who would write a negative book about the bad book. I thought it was a work of fiction until I read some of the more disturbing passages. The writing is not very descriptive and not very well written. The characters are flat and very boring. It is hard not to feel like you are being told a story rather than being entertained. I also find the subject of homosexuality to be very uncomfortable.  I would not recommend this book to anyone. It does not offer a positive review about anything. I feel like I have wasted my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so dissapointed that I couldn't finish this book.  I kept going back and asking for the next book to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is slow and dull.  There is little or no information about the author's own life.  If you want to learn more about how to write well, skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and was disgusted.  The author, who I thought was such a nice person, just went on and on and made things worse.  It was just so boring.  Don't waste your money.  I don't know what else to say about this book.  If you want to know how to get a job in the corporate world, read the book, and if you want a little more info on the business of sex, read this one.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed by this book.  I don't know how much time they spent researching this topic, but the book was full of old wives' tales and myths.  The only reason the author would have had anyone believe in such a fairy tale is because he was an expert on witchcraft, so he must have known about the subject, which is why he chose to write about it.  But there is nothing to be done about it until the public begins to wake up to this horrible problem, which won't happen until we have a true, comprehensive investigation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a pretty long book, but it's not interesting or relevant.  The most relevant parts are the biographies, which I feel are the most boring and the least interesting in this book.  For example, I really didn't get the reason for the war in Iraq.  There's just a lot of speculation.  It would have been more interesting to have just read a book about the events that led up to the war.  I am going to try to read more about the history of the USA and the rest of the world in this next book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the least readable I have ever read.  If you don't like reading fiction, then this book is not for you.  It's boring, it's pretentious, it has a boring plot and boring characters.  But I guess that's why I loved it when I read it in college.  I wish I hadn't.  In the end, it just turned into a list of cliches, plotlines, characters, and locations.  The only redeeming feature of this book was the artistry.  We see many people dying at the end of this story, but we don't see anyone actually being killed.  What a bummer!  I want to know what the story was about.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the last 50 pages, there are so many false facts, misquotes and half truths that I am not sure if I am reading the book or someone else's. The author has a history of making outlandish claims which has caused her many readers to lose their minds.  I can't believe the book is being published in the age of the internet.  If you want to know about the true meaning of the "Arabic Gulf", read the writings of a real Arab scholar.  She could have written this book without having to resort to such blatant deceit.  This book is very dated, and should be avoided by anyone who is interested in the Gulf and the Middle East. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems to me that the main points of the book are simply recycled and recycled by other authors.  Perhaps someone will give it a second look.  The book has been a bit of a bore in the last few years and I don't have much time left to finish it before I go to Australia.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I can give a positive review about something good book: The book was an interesting read, but I was not able to finish it.  If you are looking for a simple, but in depth, look into the book on the internet.  It is a great book, but it is not complete, at least not without taking notes.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many books on how to start a business and the most recent was titled "Start a Business in a Tiny Town".   This book did not give me any real tips for starting a small business.  The main advice I received was to sell the book to a friend who had a small store in his town.  I didn't realize that there is a lot of room for small businesses in rural areas.  If your town is not a small town and you do have a small number of employees, I suggest getting a business license from your local board of trade or your county tax office. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like the book.  I do not believe this author's intentions are entirely good.  The main story line is the best, but the characters are too similar to each other.  They are in the middle of the road in a way.  In other words, they do not stand out.  If you are a fan of this author, then I would recommend something else.  This book could be great, but for the sake of the readers I would hope to see better writing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not familiar with the history of the Catholic Church and how it relates to modern day issues, this is a very dry and boring read.  The chapters on the Catholic faith in America are somewhat better.  But overall the book is a waste of time.  If it were not for the history section, it would have been a waste 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been waiting for my book to come out since I was a little girl.  But it's so much worse than I thought.  And it isn't even the usual book.  The writing is very poor, and the characters are very unoriginal.  I could have done without the "witty and amusing" characters.  All of them are drawn very similar to one another, and that really makes me feel like I'm reading a bad novel.  There are no real "drama" in this book. All the characters feel like they are just one person with one personality, and I can't imagine how anyone could be interested in them.  It's all very cliche.  For example, the main character, "Roxy", feels like she has to be funny.  "The Doctor", who does all her work, is a little bit stupid.  She says something that I don't understand, and when I ask her what she meant, she just laughs and goes on her way.  Then there's the "little girl" who likes to wear a bow in her hair, and who is actually a boy.  That character doesn't seem to be able to decide whether she is a boy or a girl, and then there's "The Man", who is the "boss" at the book shop, and is actually an adult with an enormous ego.  This book is boring, but I think that might be because the characters aren't interesting.  If this was a book about a normal family, I'd be interested.  Instead I'm just disappointed because I expected something different.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the books in this series, do not read this one.  There are many other books out there that will make you feel better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I can say is that the book is so boring, you want to skip it.  I do not have a positive review about anything, but I was very disappointed in this book.  What is there to make this book any different than the others out there, such as "The Art of Making a Difference" by Robert Morris and "The Difference It Makes" by John Bell?  There are no new ideas here.  The main thing this book has is the repetition of some of the ideas that are already known, and the authors really have no excuse to repeat themselves 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a fan of this book. The book is quite boring and it doesn't explain anything. I didn't really understand the "foggy"ness that the author described. I don't really think it's the best book for this type of book. I wouldn't read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of information is repeated and not explained, as are many details on the different types of mushrooms.  One mushroom species is named as "Mushroom in the Mist", which is strange because it has no real name.  I would have expected more information on how to identify these mushrooms, especially in a book written for kids 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I did not feel the need to purchase the book because of the author's prior work.  But now I am very disappointed.  It is an over-simplified and boring explanation of the topic.  The writing was very dry and repetitive.  Don't waste your time with this book unless you are interested in reading the research.  If you are not, please avoid it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author goes from "I love this book so much" to "I wish this book could be over with and gone.  What a shame that this is so poorly written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book for the beginner and intermediate to advanced beginner.  In the beginning it will be interesting to see how much each new student can do and how much they can do.  The book's style is so difficult and technical that you will feel lost if you do not know what the answers are.  I would recommend the "Simple & Easy to Read" book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series. I have read all seven books and I am disappointed to see that there is not more information in this book.  It is certainly not for beginners and it is not for those who are afraid of spiders.  I would suggest to skip this book for those interested in getting started in natural history.  This book was a very dry book, and I don't even know what to do with this book since I have no idea what to look for.  The book was very repetitive.  For example, I saw the "what to do when you encounter a spider" tips in this, and the "the best ways to prevent a spider from getting inside your body" tips.  Also, the book has no references to any of the wonderful insects that I have found in the US.  There are too many references to the plants and animals that are considered dangerous to this country 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on this subject, and I agree with most of the negative reviews about this book.  But what really annoyed me was the fact that it is really more of a collection of stories written by different authors.  I am sure that there are some really great stories that are told by the same author, but to have to rely on an author to write one of these stories is just plain ridiculous.  The story "The Book of Laughter" by Michael Chabon is a great story, and he really shows his talent in that one.  However, "The Fall of the Martian Princess" by Ian McDonald is another story that should have been taken off the book. I wish I had read the book before I read this book, because McDonald really did not come through for me.  He writes a lot of fun stories, but he really lacks that special something that we all really want in a writer.  If I were to pick up this book again, I would have to be very cautious, and try to get a few authors to write some of the stories in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the interest of brevity, I will only note that the book contains many instances of the word "nigga" used as a term of endearment.  The book also contains several racist jokes.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written as a self-published book to sell a book on the internet, but the author has a way with words and doesn't use them to make a compelling story.  The plot is basic, the characters are shallow, and the plot is not really original.  There is no romance or emotional connection to the characters, which leads me to believe the book was a complete waste of time.  I will not be reading any more of his work, but it is a shame that I wasted my time reading such a disjointed, boring book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not think the book was that bad, but it's certainly not that interesting.  I do wish there were more historical articles, not just on the history of slavery.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had no idea what was going on. I was very confused at first.  The only reason I finished the book was because the first couple of pages are so confusing and I kept thinking "why did they start with that?"  I feel like I wasted my time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a book that I could share with my friends that would get them interested in electronic device design. The first few pages I was impressed.  But the rest of the book was a disappointment.  It didn't teach me anything but the same stuff I've seen so many times before.  I would have preferred to have had an experienced book designer like Chris Moller explain it all for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I bought this book is because I read it before watching "The Making of a Murderer".  The rest of the time I just skimmed it.  This is the first book of the series I have read.  I have seen other shows, such as "Making a Murderess", and I am surprised they are so far ahead of the "Making of a Murder".  I wish the author had done a better job with this book.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative reviews about this book. I found it to be a rather confusing book with very little information on the book. If you are looking for a simple book on the topic of "The Law", look at "The Practice of Law".  If you want to learn about the law of torts, I recommend "The Tortious Torts".  I don't want to read another book on this topic, and am therefore reluctant to recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very long. I had to read it in one sitting.  I found it confusing, at times.  If you are trying to learn how to read Japanese you will be disappointed.  The author talks about very basic vocabulary words and not much else.  It's hard to get through this book, unless you are a beginner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite shocked to see this title.  I am not one for "worrying" or "scaring" people.  What I am worried about is that people who have no understanding of the basics of nutrition, who are unaware of the risks of a bad diet, who believe that they are "healthier" than the average person, will believe that their diets are better.  In addition to this, the book makes some very, very serious assumptions.  The author assumes that every person who eats a low carb diet is automatically obese, and that all people who eat a low fat diet are automatically thin.  It does not go into detail about the low carb/high fat diet, so one could argue that it is based on what the dietician who authored the book believes.  This is a dangerous assumption, and one which will not make one healthier.  If this is the case, then this book would have no point.  However, I will have to say that it was a good book to read if you want to learn about low carb, but it should be viewed as a guide to help those who already eat low carb and need some guidance on how to get a better diet 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A negative review is an opinion based on the book.  I read the whole book and found it quite boring.  The book is written in the third person.  This is the reason why most of the characters are so generic.  Many of the scenes were poorly written and seemed to be written to sell the story, rather than to create suspense.  There was not enough mystery or excitement.  If you are looking for a good book, read "Catch a Kill", by Richard Dormer.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the reviews and have to say this book is horrible.  I did not enjoy this book at all.  It is not for the casual reader and for that reason I did give it a 4 star rating.  However, I am an avid reader and am hoping that the author will correct the mistakes in this book.  The book is very simplistic and not well thought out.  You have to read this book before you can judge it as a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book. It was so repetitive and boring. I kept skipping pages and pages. I didn't finish it in time for my midterm exam. I feel like I wasted my time and money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very tedious book, that I would have expected from the editor of a small bookshop. I will not read it, as it is not up to the standard that the other reviews are. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading this book and it was just horrible.  It's not that the story is not funny but it's the way it was written.  I was hoping for something more like The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.  What a waste of time and money.  If you're looking for a laugh or a laugh-out-loud read try something else by Neil Gaiman or Stephen King. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very strange book, the only reason I bought it is because it is in the new edition of his book.  I thought the plot was intriguing, but it wasn't, and it took me about half the book to get to the story.  The writing style is slow and stilted.  If you don't like slow writing, don't buy this book.I would have loved to see the author's take on the War in Iraq.  Instead, I got the "war fever" narrative.  You really have to look at the text to see what is going on.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading. There is much, much more to this book. But the majority of the book is not well-written.  In my opinion, the best book on Buddhism in the West is "The Buddha's Way: The Spiritual Quest of an Unlikely Philosopher".  If you are looking for something quick and easy, this book is a good read.  But if you want to read a deep look into the teachings of the Buddha, or to understand a religion that seems to have no place in the modern world, or if you are just interested in Buddhism in general, it's probably best to look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring, boring, blah. It was almost unreadable, it was almost boring, and the characters were really irritating.  I can't believe the book is being marketed as a children's book, I would never buy it for my children.  And it's not very interesting, the characters are too passive, and there is not much plot or anything going on.  It's an exercise in making kids feel stupid 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a bunch of photos that are not interesting enough for the reader to look at. The book also gives some information that is very simplistic and not very helpful. I would not recommend this book for anyone who is new to the art of photography. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a good book on how to find and adopt a dog, I strongly recommend the "Dogs and Dogs" by Barbara Wright.  But this is a little different.  You will find her book at Amazon for $14.95.  She is also listed in the book "Adopt A Dog".  If this book is not on Amazon I suggest you look for it elsewhere.  The book I was reading was the "Curious Case of Animal Rescue" by Jean R. Ritchie.  It is an interesting read, and I believe the information in it is well worth learning.  I was looking for information on dogs and adoption.  In this book the "adoption" was the first thing they did not mention.  For this reason, I do not believe this book would have helped me in my search 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several of this author's other books, and I find this book to be a complete waste of time.  If you are interested in the topic of slavery, do not waste your money on this one.  It is a complete failure.  This book does not present the facts.  I would highly recommend another book by Harriet Beecher Stowe, called "The Great Northern Problem".  It presents the facts, but also is written in a more accessible manner.  The only positive thing I have to say about this book is the author's dedication. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most poorly written book I have read in recent years. The title is misleading. This book is the story of two people, Michael and Sarah, who meet at a lake in a remote Canadian town, and decide to take the boat to the next town. It's not a "how to" book for the average person, it's more of a "let's go on a boat" book. It also has a bad plot, but the main character, Michael, is not the worst. His behavior is not as  interesting as the townspeople and the town itself. The book has many problems, and the ending is a complete travesty. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of myths and falsehoods. I wish I could have seen the author at a conference or other conference on this book. The author has made a name for himself by being a member of the Christian Identity movement. This book does nothing but perpetuate Christian Identity and promote false beliefs. The book is a "crush" on this reader, as it is intended to be.  It does not offer the answers or a solution to any of the problems in the world.  This is a waste of time and money for anyone wanting to do something positive.  Don't waste your time on this, because it is not going to help you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an attempt to explain the causes of the Holocaust.  However, it is a very basic and oversimplified explanation.  In addition, the author is rather biased in favor of his own views.  It is a difficult read.  The author is a neo-Nazi and so I would suggest to skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read any of the other reviews, then I would recommend you not to read this book.  If anything, it's more of a guide for those looking to learn more about the subject.  Don't bother with it unless you want to know what the difference between the different varieties of magic are, or you want some practical advice on how to practice it.  The book is almost entirely focused on "magic tricks" and how they are performed.  There's only a few chapters on "the basics", such as the laws of magic, the basics of divination, and basic tricks such as "telepathy".  It's almost entirely useless.  I would have been better off if I had bought a more complete book by someone like Dr. George Eby or Dr. Michael Carrion 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why this book was published. It was full of wrong information and I was very annoyed with it. I really thought it was going to be a useful book to know a little more about the subject, but I was wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the other reviews and reviews about this book.  I do not agree with the opinions of the reviewers.  The book is full of "quotations" that are not actual quotations.  What I mean is, they are just not as good as they could be.  There are numerous examples that are actually examples of a quote from a book that is more than just a "quotation".  There is no proof that all of these "quotes" actually exist.  It is a book full of errors and not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't even know what to say about this book.  I have never seen such a thing in my life.  In fact, I have had it on my Kindle for almost three years.  The book is so boring.  How could it be that the author thought he could write a book that would make money and not make me angry.  It's obvious that this book was written for an audience that has no clue how to read.  But, guess what.  This book is boring!  It is very predictable.  You will read pages and pages and you will go "Ouch 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction, the authors speak about "the most important book ever written on the art of writing", and they really mean it.  The book begins with a very short description of what a good book should be like, and ends with an absolutely bizarre, nonsensical, overused and outdated version of what writing is.  It's a shame, because the book was the beginning of something truly good, but I couldn't even look at it any further.  This was the first book I ever bought in the world of literature, and it turned out to be an absolute disappointment.  I can't believe anyone actually read it or cares for it, because if they did, it would be a fantastic book.  If you want to know how to write a good novel, look at the examples in this book instead of the ones in your textbook.  A good book isn't one that tries to cover everything a writer needs to know, but one that gives you an example of how to approach writing that isn't totally incomprehensible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why anyone would waste their time reading this book. The book is poorly written and full of outdated information. It would be better to find a better book on this subject or to start a book series from a better source. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of uninspired stories, with no real plot, no characters, and no plot. The author does not seem to have any real plot in mind, except for making the readers laugh. I don't think the book would have been so good if the author had left it alone. I wouldn't read this book unless I was going to see the author, who I am sure is a brilliant, but unfortunately, not very talented writer.  I would also not have read it if it were written by a female. I really wish the author would quit trying to be funny. The humor in this book is so unoriginal and boring that it's hard to believe it's coming from a serious, well-meaning author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very dry, although the authors had to be quick to get it done.  It would have been better to have it in a magazine.    I will not be reading this book.  If you want to know the real life stories of the Nazis, this is the book for you.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very much a continuation of the work of Paul Koudounel's excellent book "The Book: A Year of Cooking". I think the book lacks the "visceral" element that made the original so memorable. I'm afraid the book suffers from the same problem that many of his other books have suffered from. I can't believe that the author has never been to Japan, since his other work was so thorough and beautifully illustrated.  I can only conclude that he must be one of those "overly-praised authors" that I've always heard about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is little in this book that is useful. The title is misleading.  The book contains a great deal of useless information.  I have seen several authors make better use of this book in their own works 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like the "ghetto" genre of books, you will not like this. The author's name is John Richardson, and he's a big fan of the genre. However, if you do like the ghetto genre, then this book will be boring.  The story is too long, and the character development is weak.  This book is best for children's readers who want a more interesting story than a boring one.  But if you like the genre, don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of things in this book are wrong.  For instance, the idea that a negative book is a positive review is silly.  It is a negative, but it is not the only negative book.  The author makes several other errors that make this book somewhat disappointing.  I do not think that he will be able to correct the errors in his book. I recommend that anyone who reads this book, regardless of its positive review, to do their own research before deciding whether or not to purchase it.  If you are looking for a book to make you feel comfortable, or to read in order to become a better human being, I suggest this book. However, if you are searching for a positive book, do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As is usually the case with most of these books, this one is full of unprovable facts, myths, and misunderstandings.  The book's title is a blatant attempt to create confusion about the concept of "conservation".  This book does not provide the reader with any clear idea of the actual impact of the conservation programs in this country, let alone the extent of the destruction of wildlife.  It is difficult to know whether this book was written by a real conservationist or whether it is written by an amateur with the aim of making money off the public.  I would strongly advise against reading this book, however, as it is not clear from the title if the author was even aware of the laws that he/she was advocating for.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a strong anti-Semitic bent, and while it's not all that offensive, it's certainly not an appropriate read for the average reader.  I would recommend to all those who read this book for the first time or who know a little more about the Jewish Holocaust to seek out another book, preferably one that is written by a Jewish author.  The author's name is Stephen Reinisch, who is Jewish and has written extensively on the Holocaust and its aftermath.  If you are looking for a more objective look at the Holocaust, I would highly recommend to read his book: The Auschwitz Myth.  Reinischn's book is far better suited to an introduction to the subject than this one.  This is one of those books that does not address the topic in a clear way, which is a serious problem since the topic itself is so important.  You will learn some facts and some opinions, but you will learn far less than you might expect from a book that covers the subject in depth 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never read any of this book before. I read it in a college library in college and I just wanted to know what I was reading.  It is not at all an easy read.  The main character is the son of a very religious woman who has come to believe in the power of the Bible. The author, I believe, makes it clear in the first chapter that he does not believe in God.  He also makes it very clear that the character in this story is going to be quite a negative influence on the rest of the book.  If this is what the author thinks is "Christian" then he should not be writing a negative book about the Christian religion.  His actions do not reflect Christian values.  This book is a complete waste of time.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I wanted to learn something about how to play guitar.  It was very boring and not very descriptive.  There was one section about finger style.  If you know how to finger style, this book will help.  But there was very little information about picking, rhythm, chords, etc.  Overall, I would not recommend this book for someone who is just starting out in guitar playing.  I wish I had never read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, not being about food, at least should be called, "The Cookbook of Bad Food".  It is an uninspired, poorly written, overpriced, and downright embarrassing attempt to "improve" the American cookbook.  It has absolutely nothing to offer in the way of tips and recipes.  All the recipes are generic and boring, and the recipes that are worth having are often either not easy or not worth cooking.  There are also some recipes that contain ingredients that are not in the US or are extremely dangerous.  You can read about the dangers of using "sugar", "corn syrup", "flour", "white sugar", "quince paste", "sodium acid", "natural brown sugar", and "natural yellow sugar" on page 9.  They are not the same as the ingredients in your local supermarket.  I recommend "The Cooking Bible" by Jeanette Lee.  The Cooking Bible contains excellent tips, recipes, and ideas for cooking with these ingredients, and has recipes that have been adapted to the US.  If you want to learn more about food preparation and the science behind it, this book is a must have, but if you want a book that is just about food in general, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of blatant errors.  I did not see this in all of the reviews.  It is an abomination.  If I could have any respect for a book, I would not read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment for anyone who had not read much of the previous work.  There was very little new information and the plot seemed rushed and contrived.  The author's approach was much better in the short novel, The World According to Jules Verne.  But that book was far more exciting.  I do not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  The book seems to have been written by a person with no experience in either nursing or research.  I find it hard to believe that anyone could have taken so long to find the information.  It appears that many of the facts in this text were incorrect or were not supported by the book or references cited.  One of the major reasons I did not finish this book was because I had to read it twice because I could not believe the misinformation that was being promoted.  Hopefully this book will be corrected and will be useful to nursing students 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was more of an introduction to some of the facts of life that could be found on the internet. It was a very boring read.  It should have been called a "how to" book.  I was hoping for something more informative and not just a collection of statistics.  In this book, I learned a lot more about the dangers of the Internet and its impact on our society.  The main points seemed to be that there is an Internet conspiracy to take over the world, and that the Internet is not the "free" and open community that it appears to be.  These points have been refuted by the government and some scientists.  Some of the "facts" in this book seemed to have been taken from a book that was not written by the author, but by someone else, and is not accessible to the public 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on the history of Germany and I have to say this book is not very good. The book is very short, does not explain the details of German history in any depth and most importantly, it does not tell the real story of the war. The story begins with the unification of Germany in 1871 and goes on for over 100 pages before concluding with the end of World War II. It is hard to believe that this is a "historical" account. The author, Ernst Nolst, claims that he is "a historian" but does not have any qualifications or even an advanced degree in any field. He does not even mention the real name of Adolf Hitler or any of the other leading Nazis. If you are a true fan of history, do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are several references in the book for the first part of this book, and the next two pages are missing.  There is a very brief reference in the next book on the first couple of chapters, which I missed.  I am very disappointed, and I will have to go back and read this book again.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a different book from the other reviewers. I'm not a book nerd, I read for pleasure.  The plot was interesting, but it was too long, too complicated, and I found it to be a little too hard to follow.  It would have been better if the story was shorter, more accessible, and more accessible to the non-reader.  This book is a long, complicated, convoluted mess of plot, characters, and dialogue.  In the end, I found myself very confused as to what the characters were actually doing.  I'm an avid book reader, I want to learn what is happening in the book, and this book was very hard to figure out.  There is one redeeming factor.  If you are an avid reader, then this book is absolutely worth reading.  However, if you're a book lover, then I would suggest that you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, with its extremely long and convoluted sentences, makes no sense.  I had to stop at page 130.  The only thing that makes sense is the plot, which is quite uninteresting.  Don't waste your time with this book.  It is not worth your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A total waste of time. I think that the book could be edited to make it more interesting.  There are many different stories here and it is a very difficult task to pick out the ones that interest you.  I have read more that 20 stories in this book, and I can't believe that I missed so many.  The author really could have used some help in editing this book.  It was also very depressing for me.  Maybe if this book was in English I would have had more interest in it.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with other reviewers that this book does not provide the most information to make a decision. The book discusses the pros and cons of different alternatives. However, it does not discuss what is in fact required to be successful in making the decision. I did not like this book because it did not address the decision making process. I believe the book would be better suited for a general audience, such as elementary school students, or for anyone who does not have any experience making decisions. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a series of stories. Some of the stories are very short, and others are very long. I found the latter, however, to be more interesting. The story itself is rather dull, and the characters are not well developed. There are some plot twists in some of the short stories, but not enough to keep me interested in reading the rest. I was also disappointed in the ending of the book. I expected some sort of resolution, but this was not the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book to anyone who is not already well-versed on the concepts and methods of psychotherapy and who are in need of a solid book to help them get through the tough times. It is a shame to see such an effort to get people to accept the legitimacy of therapy as a valid option for treatment.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I have read from the author of "The Unbearable Truth" and "The Truth", so I have to say that I found it a disappointment. I found this book to be very confusing, and it didn't really have any answers to my questions.  I feel like I wasted my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a sad book.  I have read it several times, but I have never seen it at any length.  The plot is pretty dull and I think that is what keeps me from finishing it.  There are some decent characters, but the characters in the book are very shallow and the author doesn't seem to care that anyone else doesn't like the book.The plot doesn't have much going on in it, and that is disappointing.  If you like a bad novel, this is a good one, but if you are looking for a good book that will make you laugh, read "The Catcher in the Rye" or "The Breakfast Club". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a disjointed mess of the most predictable and boring clichs and cliches that are found everywhere.  If you like a good book and you are looking for some ideas on how to improve your work or your life, read a book by a famous author like Dan Brown.  But this book is a complete and total waste of time.  It's too boring and too boring.  I am glad I read it, but it's only for entertainment.  Don't waste your time reading this book.  Do the next book, The Art of Not Being a Baby, by James Caroll.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of his other books. This one was not worth the time spent on it. The book had an obvious plot, but the writing was a huge disappointment. I was more interested in learning from the author's life and ideas than in reading a book that I would not read otherwise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an elementary school teacher in a suburban area.  This book was extremely difficult to read.  I had to turn to the footnotes several times to find out what was going on.  It is a shame that this book was written for a high school English class.  The book does not reflect the actual content of English literature.  If you are a teacher looking for a book to use for your English class, I would suggest something more appropriate 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a history book on the European wars you'll find it here.  But if you want an in depth look at what happened in the war and the causes and consequences - look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be full of false claims.  It starts out claiming that the Bible was written by Noah.  I have not found any evidence that Noah actually wrote the Bible.  Instead, there is evidence that the flood story was a myth.  However, there are other myths, such as the story of Noah's Ark.  This story is still part of the Bible, so it's important to learn the truth about this myth.If you read the book, it's best to stay away from the claims that the book makes.  The author does not have a lot of credentials, and the book was not written in the United States of America 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really do not know what I'm supposed to say here. The book is over 90 pages, which is a long book. There is so much in the book that I am just going to waste my time. If you want to read about the "dark side" of a good book: Don't bother with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the title was funny, but the text was not. I think this book is a bit more challenging and interesting, but this is not the book for people who are new to all things medical.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has an incredible amount of misinformation, and I found it almost impossible to get the full picture of what I was learning. I learned quite a lot from the first chapter.  It was very frustrating for me to realize the information presented is simply untrue.  The author was trying to sell this book to a religious audience and I'm not sure why.  I will not purchase this book.  If you want to learn more about Buddhism, please learn from some of the other books available, such as the Buddhist Gospels by James Frawley. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so much like the other books in the series.  It's a collection of short stories.  The one that I read, "The Man Who Stole the Moon", is really just an example of that.  "The Woman Who Stoles the Moon" is a much better story.   It is a mystery story, not a detective story.I read this book in college in the late 1980's.  I was reading the series at that time.  My first thought was "Wow! The Man Who Killed the President must be the same guy who stole the Moon! How cool is that?"  My second thought was that it was written by the same author.I was quite disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was hard to follow.  I did not find the plot as exciting as I have read the reviews.  If you want a good book, read A HISTORY OF THE NATION, or HISTORY AND THE RACE.  Otherwise, stay away from this one.  It will confuse you and make you go to the library 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very depressing book. There are lots of details but the overall feel of it is lacking. There is nothing that is unique in the way it approaches the theme. There's a lot of repetition in it and the book feels slow paced.  There's nothing to really point out the failings.  In fact it could have been a great book if it had been written by an author more experienced 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a book on how to kill a man, read this.  I don't know why this book is published, why it is still in print.  It is not helpful.  You should be reading the book on page 134.  There are so many ways to kill someone in this book, that I am unsure if you need to kill him or not.  If someone is a threat to you or others, the first thing you need is to know how to stop him, but don't kill him!  Don't kill anyone unless you are ready to kill them and don't even try to stop them, unless you can.  The book is not practical and should be taken out of print 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is just about the best thing you can find on the subject. However, the author seems to be a little too excited with his findings, and it gets to the point where he starts making claims that seem like they are not based on any actual scientific data.  Also, there are several examples of errors and misinterpretations that make this book very hard to understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book hoping it would be something like "The Art of Manliness", but it was very disappointing.  I am not a man, nor do I have much in the way of "manliness", nor do my wife and kids.  So, the only thing I can say is "Don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a good book on this topic, look elsewhere. This book was written by a man with no qualifications as a health care provider, nor did it contain any references to research done by other researchers. I am not saying that it is a bad read, but it definitely does not have the information on how to treat common illnesses.  If anyone has suggestions on how I can improve my health, please let me know 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very slow and tedious read, full of typos and lots of text on the same subject, with the reader looking for the conclusion.  There are so many questions and answers that I have to wonder if the author's name is really Peter Orlov.  I'm going to be careful out of curiosity, as I have read many of his novels, so I won't spoil the ending.  Don't let this book get you down, it's not a bad novel, but it does have some plot holes, and the characters aren't all that interesting.  It takes an inordinate amount of time to read, which is not a problem for the average reader, but I'd suggest skipping it if you're looking for an enjoyable read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and uninspiring. I read it as a joke, because I was bored, and thought the author could have been more original. It is a shame, because he could have made a more interesting book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book, and it was a bit hard to believe this was a real book. I didn't think I would see that for another two or three more years.  It was really hard to swallow and I was left wanting to see a more positive review about this book: This is a really strange book.  In fact, I thought it was one of those "quotations" books, because it included quotes from various philosophers.  The quotes were from different people, and there were no actual arguments or citations in the book. So I wondered how the author could have come up with such an idea.  But then I read his footnotes, and I realized he had done it himself.  There was nothing wrong with his footnotes, and he was not even making a philosophical argument.  Instead, he was making a negative argument against the philosophy of his book. And it really wasn't that hard.  He just quoted from the philosophers in the footnotes and then threw the book in the trash.  I don't understand how anyone could be so stupid as to waste his or her time on this.  If you want to know more about philosophy, check out some of the excellent books written by the philosophers on the web.  For a quick overview, check the web site for the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy.  Otherwise, I would suggest reading something like this "Essayist" book. It is better than this book. If you don't like it, then I suggest "The Ethics of a Negative review: An Argument against Materialism 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit of a mess. It is a very slow, sometimes boring read. However, it is interesting. It does not have much in common with the novels by Peter Stiegman.  In fact, it seems to be a sort of homage.  However, the plots are a little too predictable, and the characters are not well developed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not that I disliked the book. I thought it was a bit confusing.  The plot is a little too complex.  A little too much for some.  But I thought the writing was just plain awful.  In fact I would have given it an A+ had I known 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has a very hard-to-follow format and lacks the necessary insight into the situation in Iraq.  It is not a good book.  The authors were more concerned with making a quick buck than informing readers of the current situation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a short story that lacks depth. If it was more interesting, I would have read it. There's just too much going on.  I'm not going to finish this one, but it will probably be the last one I read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so far overrated, it's almost insulting. The main character is a complete waste of space and the other characters are barely memorable.  It's a shame that the author's name is mentioned in the book at all.  If you like the book, skip the rest.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was extremely convoluted and I was very confused by the end. I was also not able to appreciate the story as it unfolded because it seemed to me that the characters did not care at all. The ending left me with the feeling that I was cheated and was not in on the whole idea. The author's style is clunky and is hard to follow. There are some minor plot holes that were not resolved in the book. The book does not hold the reader's attention and I am not surprised that it was not a best seller because it is not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an incredibly shallow novel.  There are few scenes in it that are interesting or even remotely believable.  This book is a travesty of a book.  If you are into fantasy and want to read a bad one, you will not find anything better here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is a little misleading, because there is only a few pages of it. It also contains a number of very strange plot points, and the only reason why I kept reading is because the characters seemed interesting.  There is also a significant lack of characters who are not white.  The characters in this book seem to be very shallow, and most of them have a strong opinion about a good book: the book itself.  I feel like I'm reading a bunch of high school essays written by a group of idiots 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is filled with lots of general and general-knowledge references and not much of substance.  It is also littered with examples of  incorrect grammar, incorrect punctuation, and spelling mistakes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find the book very interesting.  The author does not have an interesting book about women, and it would be very hard to read if you are looking for some information.  I was more interested in the author's ideas about marriage and family.  Unfortunately, the author was wrong in his opinions about these subjects.  If he were to write more about marriage 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character, Mr. Chocky, seems to have lost all his sense of humour.  He spends too much time talking about how much money he's got and then he goes on a shopping spree.  If you're not in a hurry, you won't get much information out of this book.  I found it boring.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are too many of the same old clichs, and the writing is not that interesting.  The ending is just as predictable as the rest of the book.  In the next book, I'll probably be reading about the new generation of dictators, so this one is probably a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I'm reading a book that tells me to buy the book, then I'm buying the book.  The book tells me that the book is the reason for my depression, anxiety, and addiction.  I will never buy the title, The Big Book of Addiction.  You can't get much worse than this book.The book is boring.  It tells you the general "how to" steps in the book but doesn't tell you how to actually start living a better life.  In other words, the steps are too vague and not detailed enough.  Most people who do not get help don't do anything else.  For example, a good book is: "The Art of Living: How to Change a Bad Habit and Overcome Addiction".  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boring and uninspiring book.  You can learn a lot from other books like "Gentlemen's Riddles" and "The Art of the Deal".  This book is too long and dull.  I really didn't enjoy reading it.  The first half is just the first chapter.  There is nothing interesting or enjoyable about the book.I would recommend "The Power Broker" or "The Devil You Know". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed with this book.  I feel like I wasted my money.  It's not really a story, it's just a collection of facts.  The book was not very interesting, I just felt that it was trying to be so.  If you want to read some good book on a good book, read "The Biggest Loser" by Johnstone.  He has an excellent book, and I am sure that if I had the time, I would read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the story of the author's drunken escapades and her subsequent divorce.  Her husband doesn't make the cut for the paperback edition.  The story could have been interesting but it isn't, and I wouldn't have paid to have read it.  I'm glad I didn't, but I wouldn ave read the book by the original author, Mary Jane Smith. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very repetitive.  One chapter talks about the "discovery" of the atomic bomb.  The next chapter is about the bombing of Hiroshima.  It's a complete waste of time and space 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn more about a topic you may want to try the "how to cook" books out there.  However, if you want a book that covers the basics of the kitchen then this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a "conservative" and I am one too. I do not agree with this message, nor with the "conservative perspective" that this book presents. The author tries to do his best with the limited information provided. It does not come together. This book should be for a high school or college level audience. It is not appropriate for an adult who has not read the other books in this series to attempt to understand what is going on. The "liberal" viewpoints of the author are so far from conservative that I have to wonder if the author is actually liberal himself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has some pretty horrible and uninteresting information.  The author has not written a negative book, nor a positive book.  I hope the next one is better.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half is very slow moving and the second half is quite uneventful. The author seems to be more interested in creating a list of facts rather than presenting a logical argument.  The book seems to go off on tangents that sometimes make no sense. The main problem is that the author seems more interested with creating lists of facts than presenting an argument. He is unable to provide the reader with any reason for believing or disbelieving his claims.  I was very disapointed by this book. I read the first chapter before I started to study for my Ph.D. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the book several times and this is the first time I've ever taken the time to review it.  I thought it was ok, but not that good.  There are so many unanswered questions.  How did the Germans win World War II?  How could they be so dominant?  The book does have some nice pictures, but they are taken at such a slow pace.  One would think there could be more action and excitement.  It's really quite boring.  This book was published in 1960 so the questions are even more difficult.  Hopefully the author of this book will do more work on his next work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed. The premise is interesting, but the book does not hold up its end of the bargain.  There are no characters that I can identify with, and most of the action is set in a prison.  If this were my only book I would probably give it a "okay" rating.  However, I do not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just plain boring.  I kept reading because I thought it would be interesting but I was just tired after the first 50 pages.  The characters are bland and there isn't any plot.  It's a shame that so many other reviewers liked this book.  There was a lot more plot in the book of the "how" of how the man killed his wife.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wish someone would have pointed out that I am a student, not an author.  I found this book hard to understand, and if I could have given my advice to anyone else, I would have said that it is a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the first of several in a series that have been in the past few years, and it's a pretty big disappointment.  A great book, but with a lot of "what the hell are they doing?" style.  I would recommend "Stoner's Paradise" by Don Johnson, or "The Lost Art of Seduction" by Robert Greene, or maybe "The Love of a Good Book: A Journey with Your Soul by James E. Johnson, et al. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a true autobiography. It is mostly fiction. If you are looking for true details of the man and his time, this is the wrong book. The man was a very shy man, he kept a very low profile. He kept his private life quite private. He did not even tell his own children much about his past. The family never discussed this book, but it is a fascinating read. The author does not do justice to the man. It does not help to know the real man. If it is your desire to know what life was like in the 60s, then this is not the book for you. The story is too much about the man's sex life. If this book is your goal, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be better to make this book a book of information rather than a collection of anecdotes. I have read a number of books on Vietnam, but this one, which contained very few facts, was the worst of them.  The book's sole purpose seems to be to make the reader feel sorry for the Vietnamese. The book does not present the reality of the Vietnam war as well as it could have been. In fact, it presents the war as a moralistic issue. The author is trying to justify his anti-war sentiments, but the book is full of half-truths. It also lacks in depth, and the author's opinion should not be considered a reliable source of information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very odd book for those who are new to the concept of what an encyclopedia is. If you are new here, you will find the information very outdated. I am a long-term student in the field of biology, and this book does not help me at all. I have to be very selective in what I read. I could have done a better job in this book if I had read more references. For example, I read several papers on the subject of human evolution and evolution in general. It was extremely hard to know what to believe. This book does a very poor job of explaining this topic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason why I picked up this book is because of the great reviews from my friends.  The book is full of unnecessary and over-the-top examples.  In addition, the text is incredibly boring and repetitive.  If you're looking for a book that will teach you how to be a successful book author or a successful person, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is so hard to follow.  Don't waste your time, just read the book, if you don't understand the story, just watch the movie 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I can add to the negative reviews is the fact that I have been looking for the exact book in the library for the past couple of years.  I have not found it.  If anyone knows where I can find it please let me know.  A lot of the stories in this book are very unoriginal.  It's a shame that they are not being made more widely available 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really dislike this book.  I have to admit I bought the book in order to see if I could find any information on the "Wizard of Oz" at all.  However, the "research" on this book was not helpful and, in fact, the author gave the wrong information on a number of things.  The most glaring problem is that he made a mistake in his interpretation of the "Sorcerer's Apprentice" story.  Oz is a good story, but not all of it.  It is a cautionary tale.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author did not mention that this book was written over a hundred years ago. The book is very dated and the story was very poorly written. I found it very hard to follow and I was discouraged from finishing the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems to me that this book is a continuation of the "Ruth Ann Warren's Big Mistakes".  The book contains many of the same myths and misconceptions.  It is a very poor book that should be avoided at all costs.  I have read many books on this subject and have found this to be the most ignorant and incorrect book I have ever read.  The "mistakes" in the book include:1. the notion that it is possible to cure cancer or any disease with nutritional supplements and herbal remedies.2. the assertion that it can cure the common cold.3. the idea that it will cure the malaise that people suffer from when they have a sore throat.4. the belief that it helps to lower cholesterol.5. the contention that it cures the stomach aches of arthritis.6. the claim that it improves circulation.7. the argument that it prevents cancer.8. the claims that it lowers blood sugar and protects against heart disease.9. the premise that it makes one's immune system stronger.10. the fact that it "heals" and prevents "disease".I have read so many books and have always been very critical of them.  This book, however, is one of the worst.  Do not waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a bit confusing.  The book was a hit with the readers in my class, but it really wasn't.  It was rather long and boring.  What really made this book a disappointment was the lack of plot.  In the first half of the book, there was not a single scene that I felt was exciting.  Not one!  The plot in the second half was pretty decent, but the characters were way too passive.  I also found it difficult to get to the ending, which I thought was a little too clever.  If you like books with a plot, don't buy this one.  Don't waste your time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was funny, but not in a good way.  I am very disappointed with this book.  If you are looking for a humorous book, this might be for you.  It was very dull.  There were a few funny lines in this book, but most were extremely dull.I really have to admit that I read this book after I had finished reading the book "The Cushion Book".  I really did think that this book had a different vibe and was more funny.  But the Cushon Book was a complete disappointment.  The story was very similar to the CUSHion Book.  Both books are very much based on a real book.Both books are great books, but I wouldn't read them if I were looking for something funny.The author should have written something better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been a fan of this author for a long time.  But this book is a disappointment.  If I were a teen, I would have turned to another author for help.  In this book, I felt very lost.  There were so many different characters and stories that I had to re-read to make sure I understood what was happening.  The author does not explain how people can have such a negative reaction to a bad electronic device.  I think I might have been the only person who has ever found this book useful, so I will give it a pass. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're not familiar with any of the main characters, I'd suggest not reading this book.  He just goes on and on and makes no real attempt to develop any of his characters.  This is a very, very basic plot, and if you want to know what it is, then I suggest the excellent "The Unauthorized Autobiography of a Wall Street Junkie".  I've read it and I'm not quite sure what he's talking about, but he certainly isn't doing it in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a lawyer but I would suggest the book be a matter of law school. The writing style and the fact that it is so heavily biased in favor of the plaintiffs makes it hard for anyone with any real legal experience to follow the case and understand the intricacies of the case law. It is also a very dry and boring read.  This book will not help anyone in any legal profession, it just adds to the pile of legal nonsense that is so prevalent in our society today.  It is best to look at the cases listed and the "legal opinions" of lawyers.  You can learn a lot from these cases and even if you are a lawyer, you will benefit by doing some research.  I recommend this book for lawyers but not for anyone else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a combination of some very bad writing and poor historical facts. The most blatant example is that the author doesn't mention that many of the women in the early days of the Catholic Church had already been married when they joined the Church. The next most blatant examples is that they were considered "spouses" of men. In fact, if you look at the official list of Church members, you will see that there are many who are married to women who are not Catholic. The author also doesn't take into consideration the fact that there were women in Rome before the Church, such as Hippolyta. It is quite clear that some women in Catholic Church were doing what was considered "unorthodox" and were considered traitors to the faith. In addition, it is quite obvious that some of the men in the Church weren't as conservative as some women. For example, the author seems to have forgotten that Pope St. Peter IV and Pope Clement VI both divorced their wives. The only good thing about this book is that it has an introduction that is very nice and informative.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is hard to believe that the author, who has written several award winning books on contemporary Chinese politics, would be so irresponsible to have written this one.  This book gives you all the information you need to make a negative judgement about China.  I do not think it can be trusted.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge fan of Dr. Seuss. I even read him for fun. The books are so entertaining. But this book is just awful.  He uses the word "candy" and then talks about how he loves it. I'm not going to waste my time with this book.  I hope he can come up with something better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I have ever read. It lacks the necessary detail to be a true historical novel. The characters are flat, the plot is nonsensical, and the author makes allusions to the real-life historical figures of the time.  I wouldn't recommend this book for anyone but the most experienced student of the period 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a book lover, this is a great book. However, if you are not, don't waste your time.  There are only about 20 pages left.  I am afraid the story is just too slow.  The book is full of boring and cliche quotes from authors, but what really bothers me is that many of the quotes are not from the author.  You will see a lot of writers in this book, but most are from the past.  If the authors were actually writing, then this would be a much better book.  Don't waste time on this book. If you like writing and are a fan of this book please do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very strange book, and I was so glad I didn't pick it up 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn something new about how to make your own bookmarks, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off in a positive review about the book, but after the first chapter the book gets off on the wrong foot.  After the first couple of chapters, it becomes a little tedious to follow the main character.  The writing style of the book is quite choppy and doesn't flow well at all.  I couldn't finish the book.  It was too hard to keep up with the story and the characters were so uninteresting.  Also, the characters are very similar to each other.  They are all very similar and, at times, you can't tell who is the main lead and who is being pushed along by the other characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of contradictions. I am a Christian and this book makes it very difficult to understand what the author is saying.  For example, he talks about the Bible as if it is an authority for all things. This is an outrageous concept.  But I have read other books written by him. I know his books are very popular.  I am hoping that this one will be more informative 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As is the case with many of the books on this list, this book was quite a let down.  However, it is a good book to help a person get started in this area of interest, and to see what's out there in terms of how it is done.  The first chapter on the book was the worst, in which the author seemed to be trying to do all the things I have seen in movies, such as trying to describe the exact method of making the "boutique" ice cream ice cream.  As an aside, I have to say, I'm not sure that this method is what's happening in the book's other recipes.  I do know that there are several different ways of making ice cream 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, I found, was a mixture of fact and fiction. I found the facts as well as the fiction to be extremely confusing.  The fact that a young girl was taken away from her family, forced to marry an abusive man, and abused by her new husband made the story too confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a huge fan of fiction, but I am still looking forward to the next in the series by the author of "The Art of the Book: The First Fifteen Years of the Great Depression" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very hard to read.  It's full of long, detailed lists of names.  I don't want to repeat the names and I'd rather not have to do the reading of a thousand pages to get the gist of it.  In addition to that, the information in this book is hard to understand.  The examples in the book are often difficult to follow and it is unclear what they are actually being discussed.  For example, if I want to know how to make a good book for my children, I need to know the recipes and not just the name of a good electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most of the negative reviews.  This book is not worth the money.  In fact, I was not impressed with it when I first read it.  The first half is full of errors, and the second half has some rather confusing diagrams and explanations.  I would not recommend this book for anyone with an interest in either nuclear or biological weapons.  However, I am surprised and somewhat disappointed that no one has recommended it to me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a lot of problems.  One of the problems is that there are very few female characters in the book.  The main female character, who is very attractive, is treated as a sexual object by a lot.  It is almost as if this is a fantasy novel written by a man.  I would never read this book if it was written by the author of the book, who clearly has a problem with women.  This is a shame because the characters are interesting.  But there are other problems as well.  Most of the characters seem to have no personality.  They all speak the same mannerisms and act the same.  Their actions are almost all in the same place and are repetitive.  There are few things that could have made this book a better book. The book could have done a better job with its ending.  If the book was written well, I would have liked it.  That is not the case and I will not be reading this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very dull book. Not much information, not enough research, very boring, hard to follow.  The author has given his opinion on the matter of the book, so he can be considered unbiased. I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, Mr. McManus takes a very strong stance on the "naturalist" theory.  But I have to say, it's rather extreme.  I think the theory is correct.  In many ways, it could be useful to know about and appreciate the ecosystems on which humans depend and the impact we have on them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've read any of the previous reviews, then you'll know that this book is not for you.  If anything, I think it's for people who are interested in learning how to make a book, like I am, and are looking for an in depth book that they can refer to in the future.  The book does have a good story and characters, but it lacks depth and plot.  I'm not sure if this is because it was written by a younger author, or because the book itself isn't that interesting, or if it's simply because it's hard to make out what the characters are thinking.   I won't recommend this book to anyone unless you're willing to read the rest of the series and follow the plot.I also want to note that the book's premise is a bit hard to follow.  It seems that the plot is to keep the reader on the edge of their seat and not let them forget what's going on.  While the book does provide the most info out of the three of the novels I've read, I can't see how the reader can keep up with all of the twists and turns that are going on without some help 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a horrible book.  It's so unbalanced.  If you want to learn more about the concept of the "dissident," read the "Great Divide" by Robert F. Kennedy.  In this book, it appears the only "dissonant" thing is that the author was born in Germany, which may be a fact.  What's the point of writing this book if you don't learn something from it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very confusing guide to learning Russian.  It does not cover all the basics, but what it does cover is very limited.  In addition, it lacks in depth on some of the more important topics such as language acquisition and grammar.  The book's style is difficult to follow and has very little in the way of a logical flow, making it very difficult to get anything useful out of the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A poor book, but I'll try and be positive. The book is very long, but the story was very slow and I was unable to follow the action. I do not understand how a book like this could be made into a movie. I will have to read the book again, if only to see what it is actually like. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not one to read a negative book, but I did not enjoy this book.  I thought the story was a little simplistic.  Also, it was boring.  A lot of pages were wasted and I would have been better off with another book.It's unfortunate that a good book like this is written by an older author.  If you are looking for a book on military strategy, you can do better with another.  There are many other books out there that are more accurate.  This book is not worth your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a reader, I found the book to be an interesting read but not all that educational.  The book, however, did give a number of great tips and ideas to help young people start out on their own.  I wish it had been the only book I read.  If it were, it would have saved me a lot of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that was written as an advertisement for the book, "The Art of Murder", written by the same author. It is a very boring read and the story itself lacks the intrigue and plot of the other book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I read this book for a college essay, I would not recommend it. It is not interesting or informative.  There are too many examples to memorize.  I would have to have seen the entire book to know what I was getting myself into 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of his books and have been watching the show for several years.  However, this one is just plain terrible.  It is so lacking in the worldbuilding and character development, that it is hard to believe there is any story.  The book reads like an outline from an episode of "American Idol" and really gives you the feeling that the author thinks he can write a good book.  If you are looking for a quick read, look elsewhere.  I will never look at another book written by John Green again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with half-assed opinions and half-hearted attempts to present a good book for young people to read.  If you are a parent, I would highly suggest that you stay away from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I read this book.  The plot is dull, the characters are uninspired, and the ending was too abrupt.  It was a waste of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a very short and not very well organized, which is a big problem. It is very easy to get lost in the plot and not get the whole story. The book does have some interesting ideas but the ending is a little disappointing.  The main character is too easy to love, especially at the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mixture of historical fiction and pseudoscience.  It has a lot of great photos and ideas, but the author really needs to go to the books of the "Old and New World" (i.e. the Americas) and actually study the cultures there.  The author's ideas are too extreme and often quite unrealistic for this topic.  This is not a book to study for college, it is a book for "general readers" who are interested in this topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more from the author, and it was not.  I found the book very confusing.  Many of the chapters are repetitious.  Some are also very hard to follow, and some are completely irrelevant to what you are supposed to be learning.  There are also quite a few inaccuracies in the book.  If you are looking for a book that will teach you how to write a positive review about an interesting book, please consider this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a compilation of common-sense statements on why the majority of black children in the United States are in poverty.  Black children, the authors suggest, are being held back by their parents and by the government.  It is a pity that this book was written, as it could be an excellent resource to help prevent further poverty among the black community.  However, it does serve to give credence to those who believe that poverty in the black population is caused by their black parents.  I think this is a disgrace to the black race and it is extremely unfortunate that it was published, considering the tremendous amount of resources that could have been spent on research if it had been done.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As the title suggests, this book is very, very dated. The information contained in the book is extremely basic. I don't think I need to explain to you how to find out about the basics of beekeeping.  But then again, I've only been beekeeping for a couple of years.  The information in this book was extremely superficial. I could have saved my time, and yours, by buying "The Beekeeper's Pocket Guide to Beekeeping", by Mike Denno.  I will never again look at this book.  It is almost a year old, and I dont want to waste any more of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's author, Stephen King, apparently thinks that anyone who doesn't like Stephen King's books will like this one. I'm not a big fan of King's, but this one is definitely the worst. It is over-literal, it lacks plot, it's almost entirely nonsensical, and its characters are so unlikable.  There is nothing here that will appeal to anyone who likes King's work. It's a sad, pointless attempt at an original novel, and I don't know why Stephen King is still on the cover of this book.  I'll never waste my time reading another Stephen King book, and for the record, I think I'm going to read The Dark Tower series instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As an editor, I was very hesitant to review this book.  I didn't believe it was serious, but then I read the first chapter.  It was very hard to believe this was written by an 18-year-old.  The author's lack of understanding of the concept of time was a major flaw.  He claimed the "tendency to be lost in the moment" is an important part of life, and when he claimed that "moment" means a moment in time, I started to wonder if this was the kind of person who writes a positive review about an electronic device: this book really is a collection of vague, meaningless quotes that are sometimes cited in the book's endnotes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read this book and don't know how to deal with this kind of book, please don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many other reviewers who felt the book was overly long. The story was not interesting, and the characters were very predictable. The ending left readers very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at a book party and it was absolutely awful.  If you are looking for a good book on the topics of religion and sexuality, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of these books and have been extremely disappointed. This one is one of the worst, with the fewest clues to the story, and the most poorly written.  The characters were weak, the plot boring, the dialogue was cliche, and there was very little in the way of character development 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an abysmal failure. It had nothing for the reader. It was full of the author's opinion, and the reader could not get any deeper into it. It would be a great book for the elementary school kids, but not for the adults 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't believe this book is "realist" in its description. It's a lot of fun to read, but it is extremely boring and extremely biased. The book does not help you get the idea of what the U.S. Government is really up to. It makes no reference to the fact that the government has been spying on everyone, or to the massive amount of money and resources that are being spent on "welfare" (unemployment benefits) programs. If you want a really solid look at the true extent of the government's reach, you should go to "What's the Matter with Kansas?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know how to be successful in business, and who to hire to do so, then read this book.  If anything this book proves the need for an outside book to assist in finding the right candidate.  The problem is that Mr. Rothblatt makes many assertions, which are not supported by facts.  We see his claims in the book itself, and the only way to know what to do with an applicant is to hire them.  It is also true that if you want someone to do your job for you then hire them yourself.  However, Mr. Roobbler's book doesn't have that.  Instead of providing information on who to call to get a job done, it offers "tips" on how to find someone who will agree to work for you for less than you would be willing to pay them.For example, Mr Roobbel suggests to hire a house painter to do a job for a low amount.  I would say that's a bad idea 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a book lover, and I have read many of her books.  I did not like this one.  In fact, I wanted to see what other books she was talking about and not read this one because I was not feeling well enough to finish it.  She did not provide much information on her own and did not seem to have much interest in the book.  If I am reading another book with her name on it, I will be more cautious and more interested in reading the original source material.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off with a great review about the book, but then quickly moves on.  The plot is very hard to follow and I don't think I really got a sense of the characters until the last few chapters.  I do like the book though, I just wish I had gotten more of it! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been listening to this book since its first edition in 2004 and I can say it now, after reading the second edition and knowing better, that it is a disappointment. It is not really a history book. It's a compendium of quotes and quotations. It lacks in the depth and detail of its predecessor. There are too many generalizations, many repetitions of information, and not enough explanations.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't know how anyone can be so dumb as to believe this book is anything other than a compilation of the worst poems written by people with mental illnesses. The poems are so awful and so confusing that I can't even describe them to anyone because they're all so hard to read. The only reason anyone would pay $10 for this book when the same thing is available in print for free is that they want to believe it's about poetry, and they're not going to be fooled because this book makes it clear it's not.  It's really not that difficult to read a bad poem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a positive review, but I just cannot stand this book.  The only reason I read this is because the author was a friend and I knew I had to see if I could like her or not.  She did not deliver.  There were several points that could have been improved upon 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with great promise, but quickly falls in quality and doesn't really get any closer to the ending.  There are many examples and ideas that could have been interesting, but none that really stood out.  I was hoping for a sequel, but it appears that I'll have to wait until there is one in the works 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is poorly written and poorly explained.  It does have some very interesting insights into the military aspects of the war but the explanations are usually too vague and not grounded in fact.  The reader should avoid this book as much as possible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring, too long, and the author had to do a lot of hand-holding with the reader.  I wouldn't recommend this book to a serious student of American politics 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of the usual stereotypes of Asian Americans. It's not really a positive book about Asian Americans, just a bunch of stereotypes thrown in for the sake of a quick book. I would avoid this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not an easy read.  There are too many confusing ideas to grasp.  I am a teacher.  The teacher I was assigned this book for class required me to read it in two sections.  One section was called "Explaining Science".  The other was called, "How I think about science".  In the end, I had to choose between the two.  How I think is much different from how a scientist thinks.  For example, I do not believe in anthropogenic global warming.  In fact, I think global warming is a negative phenomenon.  So, it is difficult for a scientist to know what he thinks. I do think the author has a point when he says "Theories are not ideas".  They are hypotheses that can be tested.  However, the author makes many mistakes in his writing.  He has many examples where he makes the wrong assumptions.  Also, there are many errors in his use of statistics.  Finally, he sometimes uses jargon.  Perhaps he could have done better in preparing his book.  But it is an interesting read for the layman 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book twice. I thought it was great but it's not. The characters are shallow. The story is not well written.  It's a long read and you really have to think hard to keep up with the plot.  I was totally confused by the ending.  The plot twists in the third act, making it hard to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a good book at all.  I read the entire thing, and it's just not that deep, or it doesn't take me very long.  It has some interesting stories and a few that I think are really neat, but they are the exception to the rule.  If you like the James Patterson style of writing, or even if you just like the author's name, don't buy this book.  The author does not seem to have much interest in telling stories, but when he does, he tries to make them really long and tedious.  Don't waste your time, and don't waste yours 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to find something like the "The Good Book" with the added depth and depth of the "Life Lessons" and the "Habits" but in this one, the lessons are shallow. The book's title is misleading, it is not about the book itself, it's about the author. It's just that the book is so lacking in any real understanding of the basics of living, the book's author is doing the same old "talking" to her readers like they are the "kids" in school. The whole thing is just an excuse to tell people how to be happy. I wish this book had been a whole lot less preachy. I don't think I can recommend it for the masses. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a Christian, then this book is for you. If you're not Christian, this book might be a little confusing.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring. I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't say I really enjoyed this book. I'm a fan of Robert M. Young's writing, but this book was just so boring and slow. I was also a little confused. Some of the concepts were interesting, but there were a lot of repetition, and I didn't get much of an answer to any questions. The book also contained many spelling errors. I couldn't believe that a publisher would produce such a book. If you are interested in reading the "Ace in the Hole", read the "Gone Gone" book, which is much easier to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a total bore.  The book seems to be written for the purpose of making a quick buck, but I don't feel like I got any useful information.  I am not even going to bother with the book if I am only allowed to read one more page of the book.  This book is basically a compilation of clichs.  There is no point to this book. I was just hoping the author would write a positive review about something that was good 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A poor book. I'm not sure why, since this was an award-winning book, it didn't get better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are interested in looking at the relationship between the US and China, you will find many examples and citations to the evidence.  However, it does not appear that there is much actual work being done on the relationship.  For example, there is not a single reference to China's military budget in the book.  There are many references to the relationship in other works, such as the book by John W. M. Cooney and Alan B. Nelson (see below), which has been cited extensively and cited by many others.  The book also contains several examples of cherry-picking.  It is an example of how the US has been manipulating its economic relations with China to the detriment of both countries.  I am ashamed that I read this book. I was very disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book will do you no favours in understanding the facts of the case. I would not have bought it for anyone who wanted to know the facts, I would have read the Wikipedia articles first. The book lacks basic research knowledge. I was not sure what to do with the author's research, because it appeared to be based on incomplete research 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the first page or so and got absolutely no idea what the author was talking about. I'm a woman who likes books with some sort of plot and plot twists. The plot is totally unbelievable. We have a man, named William, who's out to get the woman, Mary, who has a lover, named John. He thinks John is dead and he wants him back.  The plot takes us through various locations in which we learn things like the existence of the CIA and other such things.  I didn't know there was such a thing as the CIA until I was halfway through the book. I would have avoided this book if I had known.  What makes this book so annoying is that it was a bad attempt at a spy thriller. It's so lacking in plot twists and plot developments that it loses credibility in its own right. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, I found no evidence of the real story of the "good" Americans in Vietnam.  The book's only real contribution is to serve as a primer for those with no previous knowledge of Vietnam. I wish I had read the book's source material first.  It is a very long and very dull story.  I am ashamed to have wasted so much time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit that I was surprised by the number of positive reviews about this book. It was a pleasant read, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone. The main character, James, is a boy with a lot of potential. He's a very nice boy and has many friends. He is, however, a bit obsessive in his studies of ancient history and Greek mythology. It seems like he doesn't have a positive relationship with his parents and seems to be trying to get them to accept that he has a gift.  What makes James' situation so much more distasteful is that his parents are both very religious and quite liberal. They don't want him to go to church or to try to convert anyone. They want him and his siblings to remain as they are.  I'm glad that James is trying to save the world, but this book, though well-written, didn't do it.  If you want a good read, I would recommend the "The Greek Gods" by Jodi Picoult, although I wish I hadn't read it. It is far better, has a great plot, and has an engaging plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit I have read this book before, I thought it was an interesting story, but after reading it again I was so disappointed.  I don't know why I thought the book was good.  It was very boring and the main character was not developed enough to really enjoy the story.  If you are looking for a new thriller, I would skip this book.  The author is a good writer, but this story is not a good book. I would recommend it for people who are looking to get a quick thriller, but if you want to read a great book with a great plot, then I would suggest you read The Catcher in the Rye 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not help in any way, shape or form. It is full of examples of poor spelling, and I have no idea what the heck I am reading. I have spent several hours looking for some help.  I can't believe I wasted my time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the beginning of the book, it appears as if there is a "love story" between the characters, which doesn't go far.  Later in the book the author says that they "were" lovers.  What in the world happened to the characters that would lead them to love each other so much.  The characters are shallow and are never shown to have a positive attitude toward one another, only hatred.   It is a very boring story.  If you want a love story, I would suggest this book by John C. Darnielle 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself is not great. The book is not very well organized. The information is presented in a very superficial manner, and the explanations for many questions are not very helpful.  There are many examples of mistakes in the book and some of the examples are very easy to find in other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book, and the entire book, to be tedious and boring.  The only reason I gave it four stars was because I found it easy to follow.  I have been through the entire text without any real understanding.  All the concepts are so long, wordy, and hard to follow, that it makes the book more of a chore than an informative read.  If you are looking for a more straightforward read, I suggest reading the free book, "The Seven Spiritual Laws of Successful Living", which can be found on Amazon.  It is short, and it has very few pages, but I found that to be a good thing because it is simple and easy to understand.  There is no such thing as a good book, only a good idea.  But the idea in this book was so vague that I did not get a clear picture of what the book was really talking about.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.   I do not even want to know how they arrived at their conclusions.  I was shocked when I saw what was in this book.  If you think you can handle something this long, do not waste your time on this book! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very long book, but not all of it is relevant to the current situation in Afghanistan.  In the later part of the book the author explains how the US-led occupation is working in the opposite direction in terms of human rights.  However, there is no real discussion of how the current Taliban government is actually a different form of government from the previous Taliban government, which was a state with human rights abuses on par with those of Iraq or Afghanistan.The book is long, but the writing is not good.  I am sure I am not the only one who thinks so, because the book is a best-selling book for a reason.  It contains a lot of false information, especially about the war in Afghanistan, which the author appears to believe is a war to free women.  He uses the term "feminist" as a positive term, but is not a supporter of the women's rights movement in Afghanistan or in the rest of the world 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a very hard time following this book.  I didn't understand it very well.  If you are a child, this book is probably for you.  Don't waste your money.  The book was confusing and the characters were just as confusing.  It was really boring.  Do not read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, Dr. Phil talks about a drug-induced coma in a person's life, which he believes to be related to a drug. It's not. The main problem is the author's assumption that drug use can be separated from the underlying cause of the coma. In other words, Dr Phil assumes that the coma was a result of drug use rather than the cause of it.  I was a drug addict myself, so I know the effects of drug withdrawal and can see what Dr. Phipps saw in his coma. Dr. Philip is trying to do a disservice to the drug addicts of America by assuming that their problem is solely a disease and should be treated by a cure. The problem is not solved by giving drugs to addicts to cure their problem.  The problem can be solved by educating addicts to not use drugs anymore. If this book is a "how to" book for recovering drug addicts, it would be very dangerous for the general public. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just want to say it. I really was hoping for something like a more serious examination of the problem of sexual abuse of children.  I was hoping this book would have been a little more well researched and more nuanced.  What I got instead was a very shallow, superficial treatment of the subject.  It does nothing but perpetuate the myths of abuse and it certainly does not address the needs of the children. I would never read this book again.  The book is filled with some good books on child abuse.  If you are looking for a more thorough, well researched, and comprehensive treatment of this very serious problem of child abuse, I would highly recommend reading those books.  However, this book certainly does nothing for the reader.  Do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with very poor and misleading information. I think it would be wise for the reader to check the book before reading it. If you want to learn how to build a website, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book several times over the years.  I was shocked to see that it was actually a "how to" book!  The "how" was in the first chapter and not much further than that.  A beginner's book for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in my 20s, and I'm embarrassed to say I was reading this book.  I read this book with my teenage daughter who is now in her late teens.  It was so over the top.  This book is a disaster.  We both ended up feeling that this book was more or less true.  If you're looking for a good book, avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to reread this book as a result of the very negative reviews it received. The main reason why I reread it was for the "What's wrong with it?" question. I still can't really answer that. It was an extremely tedious read. It's just too hard for someone who has never read a good book before to understand it.  I know, it's a struggle for me to even put the book down.  It's very difficult to write a positive review about something good book: This book was so poorly written and it's so hard to understand what it means. I was in tears when I finished the book.  The book really should be rewritten. I know it's hard for some people to accept, but there are so many people who could benefit from the information in this book. It has to be reworked 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a long time coming.  I was so disappointed when I got to the end.  The main problem is the amount of info given on the subject.  There is a huge list of statistics for the average American, but no actual information on the actual effects of smoking on an individual person.  This makes for a confusing read, because one can see a correlation between smoking and certain conditions but not know what it is until you find out.  It seems the book writers have no problem presenting this information, but have no idea how to explain it.  They use the word "quasi" in place of "quotient", which does not mean the same thing.  Quotient means a numerical quantity, which is the same as quotient.  So it is more accurate to say "quotes from Quotients."  I have found quotes that are almost word-for-word the same.  Don't believe the hype, the statistics are not that impressive.  If you are looking for a health book, skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not that good. There are several chapters in which the author seems to get lost. In fact, I found most of the book difficult to read. It is hard to tell if the author is being sarcastic, satirical, or serious. The language is too complex.  In addition, there is too much detail in the first chapter. The author is so obsessed with the details that the reader is confused. I'm afraid that if this book is anything like his others, it will be difficult for readers to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very dry and very difficult to read.  The main character is a rather boring one who appears to have no real interest in the book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I was hoping that it would be different from the others. The characters were weak. The plot was a mess. It was a really hard read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I have read in a long time. It has no real plot. Instead of going to the source and seeing what it is like there, it jumps to the end and tells you what to do next. It's an abridged version of the book I read for my English Lit class.  If you are looking for something to read, this is not it.  I give it two stars because it is interesting, but if you want a book that has plot, this one does not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know more about the Illuminati, read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's very hard to understand why so many people bought this book.  I had no idea there were so many different cultures that existed in India.  My favorite part of this book was the pictures.  The descriptions were not interesting and not consistent.  It is not a book I will ever recommend to anyone.  This book is so filled with stereotypes and stereotypes in India that I can't imagine it being anything else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A horrible book, I was looking for something more in the way of a plot. The characters were so flat and boring. The author tries to make a point, but it was just boring and I could tell. If you are looking for a new book, please look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the positive reviews about this book, but I would have preferred a different book with a more positive review.  The book seems to be written for a general audience, rather than one that has a background in economics.  There are numerous examples in this book where the author uses economic models in an overly simplistic way, such as the example of a flat tax, which would lead to very significant losses in the US economy, which in turn would mean an even bigger deficit in the rest of the world.  It also does not seem to address the possibility of fiscal crises, which is an important issue and which is often ignored in economics, in my opinion.  Overall, this book seems aimed at a narrow audience.  I would suggest reading an actual book that deals with more general concepts in economics 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not very interesting, and the chapters are sometimes a little disjointed.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that can only be described as 'one man's version of an autobiography.'  There is very little information that isn't already in the public domain.  I was expecting something a bit more detailed and thorough, but I was left with more questions than answers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As usual, the author takes some liberties with his facts and figures to make the story more interesting, but most importantly, he does not tell the real story.  He tells some of it in the beginning of the book, but then the real stories of the war are told later on.  If you are an American, it will be very hard to keep up with the story. I thought that this was an important book, and was disappointed when I found out that it was not.  I would not recommend this book for anyone to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a story about a very bad book.  I am not saying that it is bad because it is not an easy read.  It is just that the characters are not interesting enough.  There is nothing to like in this story.  The plot is too convoluted and the characters too shallow.  One thing that I really enjoyed was the way that the plot is set in the past, but the plot was totally ridiculous.  If you are looking for a good book that will make you laugh, this is a book for you.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book after being told by the school's book editor that it is "not a mystery book".  I have a degree in Psychology and I read a great deal of mystery books.  The author tries to make it more interesting and "mysterious" by adding "real" people.  One character's husband is a former FBI agent who worked with a certain "person of interest" (the man in the yellow suit).  Another character is a psychologist who believes he has the ability to "read minds" and predict crimes.  In short, the book is very predictable and not that great 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never read another book from this author again. He doesn't know how to write a positive review about an interesting book: It's a nice, fun read, but there is little new here. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the book, except for one thing.  There are so many more books in this genre, so much more to choose from.  I want to see a real book written by a real writer, one that is actually worth reading.  Instead of this book, I hope to see more books by real authors in this same vein.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very slow book, and the explanations are quite hard to follow. The book is full of long-winded and nonsensical answers.  If you are a non-technical person who can only absorb what's in the book from the title and what's written about it, then you will be very confused and confused as you read the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are a lot of different books on the subject of money.  I thought it would be interesting to look at how the Federal Reserve's money creation actually works in detail.  Unfortunately, this book was very confusing and not very well written.  The information was confusing and seemed to be very out of date.  It seems that there are now two different money creation processes, one which is based on a formula and one which isn't.  In the former, the Fed simply creates money and passes it on to its customers.  But in the latter process, it actually buys money with it, which in turn creates even more money.The book also gave a very misleading impression about the impact on inflation that was occurring in the US economy at the time.  As you might guess, it doesn't appear that the Fed was having a major impact on the inflation rate.  Instead, the book suggested that the money creation process would lead to inflation, which is demonstrably false.  This book could have been useful for people who are just starting out in studying money creation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of my time.  The plot is interesting, but the story itself is quite boring.  I wanted to read more about this book, but I'm afraid that the author did not make me a fan of the story.  If you are interested in learning more about the Black Belt and its history, I recommend the following books: "The Black Belt" by Michael O'Meara and "Black Belt People" by Peter W. Martin.  But if you want to read a book that is more about how bad this book is, I suggest "The American Indian Problem" by Walter J. Miller, or "The Indian War" by John W. Cuppers. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A dull, boring book.  If you're looking for something with more meat to it, I recommend "The Secret History" by David Kahn.  I can't wait for it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst.  It is too long and too boring.  I found it hard to get through.  If you want to read about how to get rich quick, this is the book for you.  But if you want a more personal account of what went wrong with the American economy in 2008, then this book will disappoint you.It is full of charts and numbers, but not much personal information.  This is just a sales book for Wall Street.  The author is also a big fan of the book "The Great Crash" and "The Crash Course".  I can see where he is coming from, but his theory of the crisis is flawed.  He is a financial guru, but does not know how to be a real financial expert 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not a Christian and you don't like this book, please do not buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of contradictions and self-references.  In this section I found the word "dishonest" used twice.  I found it hard to understand where the "he said, she said" arguments were coming from.  The book could have been shorter, but I didn't want to waste my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many of the comments above.  However, I am disappointed that this is the final volume in the "The War in Europe" series.  It is unfortunate that such a great book as "The Great War" has been left incomplete.  I hope that there will be a sequel to this work as well as the other volumes in this series. I would suggest that the next volume in this epic series be titled "The World War I". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers that the book was not as engaging as I expected, but it did give a good insight into the life of a prisoner in the gulag.  However, it left the reader with a negative impression of the conditions prisoners were forced to endure 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book. It was very slow, confusing and boring. It seems like this book was only made for the high school class.  If you are in high school, I suggest you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a waste of time, and the plot was not that great. I did not find the book that I expected.  The characters were not that deep, and I found them boring.  I was hoping for something better, and unfortunately, I will have to wait to see what's next in this series.  It might be interesting, but I am afraid I will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a longtime reader of this book, I am disappointed with its lack of realism.   In the first half, the book seems to take for granted the "natural" differences between human beings.  We are all born equal and we all get to go to heaven or hell depending on our moral choices, right?  What's the difference?  In this book we see that there is a difference between the human race and the "human" race.  The "human race" in this book is defined as a single, genetically defined, racial group.  However, in reality there are many differences within the human species.  Some of those differences are not genetic, and some are.  If you are a scientist, then you are aware of those distinctions and are not afraid of the term "race."  The book doesn't say that.  So, if you are going to write a negative book about a good book: If you want to understand the world of "humanity" and its origins, you will want to read this book.  Otherwise, stay away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not that interesting.  A very shallow and boring story.  In fact, I would have recommended this book for anyone who wants to learn about this "tragic" event.  There is no mention of the real reasons for the 9/11 tragedy.  Instead, there is a lot of speculation about why it happened, which in my opinion is totally inappropriate.  The author has also written a negative reviews about some books: This is not a good book.  It is written as a quick study, which does not offer any insight into what really happened.  If you want to learn more about 9/1, you should check out "The 9/01 Truth" by Craig Unger.  For me, the best book is "The Death of the American Century" by Joseph Goebel.  He explains the facts of the situation, and the events leading up to the event with great clarity.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the past I have read and loved both of the novels, "The Book Thief" by Michael Crichton and "The Caveman", by John Gardner.  This is an interesting collection, but I felt they were both more or less the same in terms of plot.  I found the plot of "The Hunt" to be much less interesting than the "The Day of the Dolphin".  I think this may be due to the fact that Gardner's novel, "Gulliver's Travels", is one of the most successful in recent years.  Perhaps, if the plot were a little more original, this book would have been a better read.  However, I have to admit that I found "The Hunter" to have a far more intriguing plot, but it was very hard to believe that the author could write such a shallow story.  In my opinion, if you want a good book, read "The Hunters".   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many excellent books out there, but I wouldn't recommend this one. The story is full of character assassination, and is not as interesting as I would have liked. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not interesting and does not teach anything new. It is an interesting story, but it would be better to focus on the principles of the book instead of the "explanation" and "teaching".  I would recommend other books on the topic of ethics.  I am not a religious person, but I do believe in something called "social justice".  It is a lofty concept, but not something that can be explained in the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total let down.  It had so many wrong ideas.  First, it said that the only way to stop a negative book is to be a negative reviewer about a good book.  Second, it didn't explain why people like to write negative reviews about bad books.  Third, it told readers that they should read other books, because there are so many bad books out there, and the bad books are just in the same category as the good ones.  Fourth, it failed to provide a solution to why bad books keep getting published.  The author tried to make a negative criticism about a negative electronic device, but it didn' t make any sense.  I had to stop reading this book, which was quite a disappointment.  A better book for people who like to do negative reviews is "The Great American Novel", by John Updike.  If you like this book or anything by Updice, go read his work instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete and total waste of time. I was not interested in the main thesis of the book.  The story was boring.  There were no memorable characters.  It was very predictable.  And the plot was not that original.  I just wasted my time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the most offensive books I have ever read.  If you don't know any better, I suggest that you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the few books that I've ever read in which the main character is in the wrong place at the wrong time.  In the first 50 pages or so, the reader assumes that the protagonist is on a mission, and that by the end of the book the plot will be resolved.  If so, there is a serious problem.  I have read a number of "conspiracies" and "solutions" books, and this one was no exception.  It was, however, a little easier to get into this one than some of the others.  However, the book was a major letdown for me when it turned out that the main villain was the guy who supposedly killed his wife, who, by the way, is the daughter of the main bad guy.  The book also made the reader believe that the guy was a terrorist and that the other bad guy was an informant.  You'd think that a book on "conspiracy theories" would contain the word "insinuation", but the book contained nothing of the kind.  Overall, it was a big disappointment.  Maybe it was the author's style, but this one had too many plot holes and could not really be considered "conspiring".  The plot kept going back and forth, which is very distracting, and some of its ideas just made no sense.  A "conspire" book, like the one in which I read "The Big C", is really meant to be an examination of how the system works, but in this one the author could not get the "big picture".  It could have been a really great book if the author had been able to get it right.  But that's not going to happen.  And if you're looking for "conscience of a bad electronic device", this book isn't going to help you much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many reviews about this book and one of the first is that it's a wonderful read, but it's difficult to finish it.  Well, if you want to read about a good book, then I recommend the work by John Michael Greer.  If you want something with a lot of mystery and intrigue, then this is a great read, just don't finish it unless you're a true mystery and/or detective.  The book is quite slow, but I do think the plot is quite interesting and well written.  However, I do have to say that the book was difficult to get through, not so much because of the plot, but the language is quite 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book full of contradictions.  The main character (a Christian who has been married for 20 years and has a baby with a lesbian), tries to marry a Jewish woman in Brooklyn.  He can't find a rabbi to marry her, and the two are forced to live together for 2 months.  There is also the woman, who turns out to be a lesbian, who says to the main character "we've been living together for a long time, now don't expect it to last".  This book reads like a fairy tale.  If you have any faith in God you should be disgusted.  But, to Christians, this is what they really believe.  I can't believe there are so many Christian writers who think this book is great 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, the author takes a rather stereotypical approach to the subject of race.  The premise is that if you're white, you can't be racist because you're not racist.  This is patently untrue.  In reality, white people are very racist. I do not want to give the impression that this book is written for children.  It's not.  If you're a white person, this book will probably make you feel like you're in the minority.  I would recommend reading another book by someone who can write a better book.  One such book is "The Race Card", written by the late Michael Jackson.  You will find no parallels between the two books.  However, it is an excellent read, and it provides the reader with a different take on the issue. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of inaccuracies and nonsense.  The idea that the Nazis were "anti-semitic" is a complete fabrication.  There is a very large section devoted to the "Nazi genocide" of the Jews.  However, there is no mention of the mass killing of Gypsies, or the mass slaughter of homosexuals or any other group of people who did not agree with the Nazi agenda 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many interesting and engaging stories in this book. But the plot, the characters, the dialogue, the storyline, and the overall lack of depth make this book a dull read.  This book should be for younger readers, but not so much because the main character is a baby.  The book could have been much better if it had been shorter, the plot more intriguing and engaging.  I would recommend this book to readers who are looking for something to read, but will NOT read it if you are an adult.  If you are looking to read a short story, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book I would read.  A lot of words and not much action.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a very detailed account of a book, this is the book for you.  It is full of information but very little action.  The plot is intriguing and the book could have been great.  What's there is more than what is given 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As someone who read this book and has been in my family for over 25 years I cannot help but feel it is a negative book. I have no problem with the book itself but I do have some concerns.The book is long and boring. I could not finish it.The story is quite unbelievable. The author has no idea how to write a believable book.  I could write a negative reviews about a good book: I would never buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several of Mr. Collins's books and have been deeply impressed by his writing, and the many of his characters that he has written.  Unfortunately, Mr.Collins, like many writers of this type, has a very limited understanding of the real world.  He often uses simple phrases such as "The world" to describe the vast, and often imaginary, universe that exists outside of our physical world. "The World" is not the world of the average person.  The World is a vast, fantastical place that exists inside of our heads, and if you try to describe that place as a whole you will never quite get it right.  If you want to know how it all works, you will have to read the book itself.  And if you are looking for a great book, look elsewhere.  I will give it a negative star, as it is extremely hard to get through.  It would be a good book for someone who is in the process of developing a new career in the world, but it is definitely not something I would recommend for someone looking for something that will actually help them.  Mr.C. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a Christian and I thought this book was wonderful and funny.  It was very predictable and boring.  The book was long and hard to get through.  I kept thinking I would finish it in one day, but it was just too much for my brain.  So I bought the paperback edition which I still haven't finished.  What I saw in this book is a typical, stereotypical, and boring Christian story.  But what I didn't see in the paperback was that the author's wife was a non-believer.  In the original book she seemed like a really nice, sweet Christian woman, and the book was very entertaining.  She's an author and she's written a lot of books, but I'm not sure what to think of her writing this one.  If I could rate it lower I would, but if I could go back and give it a higher rating I would I'd give it an 8 out of 10.  This book is very, very dated and boring and I wouldn't read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like to see books like this. The writing was extremely poor and the story was completely predictable. I did not find any of the characters compelling and did not enjoy the ending. It could have been better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was an interesting read, but the author's prose was very hard to follow. I don't know how anyone can read this book without getting bored 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, one has to endure a lot of self-indulgence. One must learn to be "willy-justified" or "wily-just" or just plain stupid to even attempt this work of fiction. This is a book where the author assumes that anyone will read this book.  But what happens when you try to tell a story in your own words? You will see that this author has a very narrow view of the truth. This book could have been so much better. I wouldn't read it if I were looking for something interesting, or if I wanted to learn something new. If I were reading this for its entertainment value, I would have read it for the laughs, but I would never read this if I had any intention to actually learn anything 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was shocked that this was a "bestseller" for some. I am not a big fan of fiction, but this was very hard to get through. I found it very hard-paced, slow, boring, and I think the characters were weak.  It also had many references to drugs and sex. I did not find it very enjoyable. I think it was a shame that this book was so successful, because it really could have been a real classic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the negative reviews about this book.  I was thoroughly disappointed and disappointed by the conclusion.  It is obvious from the title that this book is all about teaching people to read.  And it certainly is not.  But the title is misleading because the text is not focused on teaching people how to read, it is instead focused on the general principles of reading that everyone learns in school.  In other words, I would suggest the title "Teaching Children to Read" and the subtitle "Reading Improves Children's Skills".  But I will not do that because the author is a psychologist who believes in "brain science" and who uses his own theories in his book. I would therefore suggest "Teach Children to read" and "Teacher's Guide to Reading" instead.  The title "The Teacher's Guide for Reading Improves Students' Reading" is more appropriate because it is based on a true fact.  What we learn in school actually affects our ability to read and therefore our reading ability.  If we do not learn in School how to do that, we will not be able to learn in real life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems that most of these people have read their version of "The New Testament", which was written by G. E. Moore.  The New Testament of the King James Version, by James White, is a much better book.  It's an excellent book and I recommend it highly, but if you are looking for an "easy" Bible book, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with this book.  The writing is not well written and the characters are not believable.  I felt that this book was trying to tell a depressing story.  Instead it should have focused on the positive aspects of life, especially the people involved.  In my opinion the book lacked the heart, the imagination and the creativity needed to make it better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As always, the author is a complete and total jerk. If you like your science fiction books to be short and sweet, skip this book. I don't want to read another book with this title, I don, I mean really, I really want to! If you want to know a little more about the history of the universe, I suggest that you check out the great book "The History of the Universe". I am surprised that this book isn't more popular.  I have read that the book is a great read, but I have to say it is not for those with an interest in the stars. I wouldn't recommend it for anyone with that kind of interest 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is long, confusing, and full of unnecessary detail.  I do not think the book can be trusted.  If you like the book, you will get the book.  But if you don't like the author, don't bother buying it.  He is the worst author I have ever read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time.  The main character, a girl who was bullied as a child, and the parents of her tormentors, the ones who took her back into their home, were both terrible people.  I wish the author had left it out.  Don't waste your time on this.  It's an uninspired, shallow and boring read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something like "The War on Drugs" and found the book instead "The Drug War". The book covers many of the same topics but fails to provide a complete overview. The author attempts to show a positive review about an interesting book: The book is comprehensive and insightful.  If you want to understand the drug war, look no further.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is quite misleading as the book begins with a brief description of the history of the Chinese people.  The author then proceeds to tell his version of the life of an average Chinese person.  His views are very limited.  If this were a true account, I could not help but feel that the author's views might be a little too extreme.  I am an average American who has lived in China for nearly 20 years.  In spite of the author making a point of saying that he has "expertise" in China, he is only half right.  While I have had many Chinese friends, I do not think I can speak with absolute authority on all the matters that he writes about.  There are far too many people living in China today that I do know, and they have a lot to say about the country and its history.  So while I am on the subject, I would like to give you a list of the major errors that this book makes.  It tells you how many people died in the Cultural Revolution, but does not tell you how the death toll was distributed.  Again, I think it is very unfortunate that this was published as the title was misleading.  To make matters worse, the author fails to give a true accounting of the actual events of the Cultural revolution.  He mentions the deaths of approximately 5,000-8,000 people during the revolution, but fails to mention the deaths that occurred as a result of the execution of some of the leaders and other "traitors" who participated in the execution.  These are not the deaths which the author claims occurred, as he claims.  By the same token, he makes many generalizations about the Chinese economy which I disagree with.  For example, the book discusses the Chinese currency as being "the world's worst" and "unstable" while also making a number of generalizations.  This is a common occurrence in many books on China.  Finally, the most troubling aspect of this book is its focus on the influence of Westerners on the Chinese.  They are told that the "main culprit" is the United States.  However, this book also provides a detailed history of Western influence in China from the late 19th century on.  That the author is only partially right does not make his generalizations correct.  A true account of the "influence" of Western powers is difficult to come by, but I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  The characters are very flat and uninspiring.  A good book needs to be able to make you want to read it, not just read it.  I think this book did not do this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think this is the best book I have read. The premise of the book is that this book will reveal what really happened to the World Trade Center. But what is it that really happened in the World War II era?   The facts in the book seem to suggest the opposite.   And I dont like it when the author uses an  anecdote to prove something. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As someone who has done a fair amount of work on the Internet, this is not a book for beginners.  It's a book of self-help, however, and for those who are not comfortable with the language, it may not be as useful as for those with a better understanding of the concepts of life, relationships and life skills.  I found it very disheartening to find out the author was not a physician 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not write negative reviews about books, but this one was a waste of my time.  This was not a serious book.  It was a collection of stories of the first-person.  If you are looking for a serious biography, I would suggest a good book from the University of Virginia Press 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title "Cannibal" is quite misleading. If you are looking for a quick read and don't want to read the whole book, this is a good read. The book is filled with long stretches of text on the "cult of the dead" which is the cult of the cannibals. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has little to no scientific evidence to support the claims that it does.  If you read it, please do your research.  Also, the author does not seem to know what the definition of a plant is.  I have a plant in my garden which is a poisonous plant and a friend of mine gave it to me.  In this book the author claims it is poisonous and is the only one that the book could possibly know.  You can't make things up!  It's a waste of time, money, and effort 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the author just goes over and over the same things in this book. It's a little boring and predictable.  I won't be bothering with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an interesting look into a new and developing concept of the occult.  There was not much new information and many of the rituals were not really helpful.  It would be better to have a book that was more in depth and gave more detail.  Unfortunately this book was not very popular in the 1950's 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know if this book has stood the test of time.  I can't believe the author would publish such a bad novel, which in my opinion was poorly written and over-exaggerated.  This book is a joke and should be thrown in the trash.  The characters are all weak and boring and the plot is a complete and utter farce.  Don't waste your time on this book.  Do not waste your money on this garbage.  If you like romance then you will be disappointed and disappointed at what you will find in this book, and I am sorry for that.  It is a shame to see so much wasted talent and money.  Go back to the good books that are out there and save your money. I recommend, if you want a romance book then check out the book by L.M. Woodbury, which is a great read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  It is written in the first person, and although it deals with the story of a woman who is in love with a man, it does not actually have much in the way of an ending.  The author has a habit of leaving out the most important aspects of a story, leaving you guessing about what the rest of it will be about.  You don't know who the two men are, or what the two women will do next.  I had to wait until the end of the book to discover what the end meant, which made the ending a little less satisfying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not very clear at all. I would have prefered a book like this, by Robert J. Burns.  The chapters are scattered, and the plot isn't very original.  I would skip this book altogether 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on how to build a bookkeeper business.  This book is dated.  It lacks the knowledge needed to build and run a bookkeeping business in today's market.  There is no detail on how a book keeper can deal with the many legal requirements to be a part of the bookkeeping industry today 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a tedious, dull, boring, dull and boring read. I found it very hard to keep reading. There is so much material that I am constantly surprised that anyone who reads this book would be able to do well in business 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be written by an author with no real clue as to how to write a positive review about such a bad electronic device.  Don't buy this book.  If you want to read some interesting ideas from a smart and educated guy, you will be better off looking at some of his writings at www.thebumpkinblog.com 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the least interesting book in the history of English literature 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is extremely predictable and it's not particularly well written. The ending is too contrived and predictable.  The characters are very shallow and stereotypical and there is no real insight into what actually happened in the story.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was full of clichs and errors.  The book does not make any attempt to explain the history of the United States.  I was disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't say that I agree with this book.  I was hoping for a book like "Methamphetamine: A New Look at a Dangerous Drug" by Robert M. Jaffe.  This book has many of the same problems.  The book doesn't tell the reader what it's really like being a meth addict.  It gives us an unrealistic view of the consequences of meth addiction.  Jaffe makes the reader believe that meth addicts have "psychological problems", but there are many other drugs which cause this problem.  Methamphetamine isn't just a recreational drug, it's a serious problem that is a significant contributor to violent crime in our society.  In the past 30 years we've seen a large increase in the number of meth addicts in our country.  If this book had been written by someone who actually knew what meth was, I'd give it a higher rating.  However, I was very disappointed in this book because it did not present a comprehensive treatment of meth abuse.  We have so much misinformation in the community, it is almost a miracle that this book has been able to get such a high rating. I'm hoping that this review helps the readers of this book to better understand the problem of meth in our community 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was not believable and the ending was also not believable.  I did not want to read another book by this author.  But I am glad I read it!  The book was boring and the author is not a talented writer.  Don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book that caused me to lose all respect for the author.  He really should have gone to the library to read the entire dictionary instead of just reading the first few pages.  This book is a complete mess.  It is full of spelling mistakes and the whole thing is poorly organized.  I have never read a bad electronic device and I am going to read this book again, but for the first time I am definitely not going to trust the author of it.  His name is Dr. Richard A. Dreyfuss, and I hope that he will stop with this book and get it edited.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not been to all of these sites yet and therefore I am not fully informed on all the details. However, I am quite sure that they are not as detailed as the book is making out. If you want a book that is easy to understand, do not read this one. The author did not take the time to really go into the details of the different sites. It seems to be just that, an easy to read, easy to get through, but very superficial 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, the author makes it very clear that his goal is to convert as many people as possible to Christianity through the methods of a faith.  It's a pretty good book for a Christian to read, but it is certainly not a Christian book.  The book's focus is not on the doctrine itself; rather, it is on converting people to faith through the evangelizing method.  I find it hard to believe that a man with such a huge ego could believe this.  But I guess I will just have to wait and see. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think the book was very interesting or well written, and the ending left some questions unanswered.  If you're looking for a book that is interesting and easy read, this isn't the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what you mean by the reviewers complaining about the book being "boring" and "not interesting" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and was left feeling that it was lacking in detail.  There was very little detail of the plot, so that I could see how the book would work.  I was left with a feeling that the plot would come out of nowhere.  It certainly did not.  This book will make you feel very confused if you are not familiar with the basics of historical period 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of information, but it lacks a coherent point. There are so many things to learn, but I can't see how this book would be helpful to anyone.  The author is not an expert, nor does he have a full grasp of what he is talking about.  Instead, he is a complete amateur. I am sure I am missing something, but this book is a disaster.  It has the most unhelpful information of any book I have read.  I hope you find a good book from someone with more knowledge and experience.  This was an uneducated, unrefined and ignorant piece of trash.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about my husband and a few of our friends.  If you don't know who these people are, don't be surprised.  I will give the book a chance and it will not help you understand the problems in this country.  It will make you angry.  And if you don' t like anger, don'  read the next book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed to find this book.  I would have liked to have seen it on the shelves of every library in the world.  It was a total waste of time, and I am glad I didn't buy it.  Don't waste your time reading this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not familiar with this book or its background, you will be greatly dissapointed.  This is a very long, boring book.  I had no idea the whole book was about this book until I finished it.  It is written in a way that makes it very hard to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, despite its name, is a miscellany of boring, uninteresting, and downright unreadable essays.  The book is full of unnecessary repetitions and poor examples.  While some of the ideas are interesting, the book lacks a certain type of style, which is to say that it is not academic, but is written as a student paper.  It is, instead, a list of random ideas and ideas from different authors that I wouldn't want to learn about in an academic environment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the book, although not necessarily very well written, was very interesting.  However, the characters, while interesting, were very shallow.  They seemed to be living for the day and nothing else.  The writing itself was also not that good.  I did not see a point in spending time with this book.  If you are looking for a book on how to do a good electronic device, then buy "The Complete Guide to a Computer" by the same author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a long time fan of the book, I was very disappointed when I realized that the book was being published in English translation.  The book was very hard to follow, and it's not the first time this has happened.  It was a total let down.  There were no plot twists or any new information.  I had to do a lot of research to get through the book.  If you are a fan of Joss' work, I would recommend "Chronicles of a Mad Life" instead.  Hopefully they will finish the series and publish "Chronicling," which is a great book, or they will change the name of the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have any knowledge of this book or its author, please don't waste your time.  If your opinion is that this book is "the most ridiculous book ever written", then you will want to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book of fairy tales, written by a girl who is a witch, and I am not kidding. The characters are not believable and they are often inconsistent with one another. They all sound like they are having fun, when in fact they are not. I have never read a book by a real witch before and I was really hoping to find something better.  The plot is predictable, predictable and predictable.  A few pages into the book I began to wonder what I was getting myself into. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will only say negative review: I was not surprised to see that this book is the bestseller it is.  I have read several others of his books, but this one was by far the worst.  He does not understand that there are more books out there than that, and they are by far better writers than he.  What makes this book so much better than the other books that have come out is the fact that he actually goes to the trouble to research the sources of the ideas he uses.  Instead of citing one source after another, he has researched several of the most widely accepted ideas, and has given them as examples of how they should be used 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really expected a different review about this book. I found it to be very boring and boringly written. There was little to no character development and not enough of the action. The author made several big mistakes. He wrote a negative negative review in a bad electronic device: This book could be the worst book I've ever read.  It's just so confusing and boring. I would not recommend this book for a serious book read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is over 50 pages long and doesn't really contain any action, but rather just description. The author spends a large amount of time describing what he thinks his characters would do and where they would go, but never really gives us any indication of how they would do it.  The characters don't really feel like real people, they just kind of pop up and act.The characters are all really boring. They are all pretty much interchangeable.  A lot of characters talk in a repetitive way.  I was hoping for more characters who had a personal connection to the situation they were in, and a little more character development, but unfortunately, it seems like the author was more concerned with making his plot work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As someone who loves books that are funny and entertaining, I was very disappointed with this book.  I can't say I agree with the author's opinion, as I have seen a lot of good books on various topics.  But it does seem that he has a preference for one specific topic, and it is the subject of "Funny and Unusual."  I will leave it to others to judge whether that particular topic is funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, written by an author who is not a physician, is full of misleading and untrue information.  I was given this book by my doctor, who read it for a paper that I was working on.  If I had known this book was going to be used for a medical exam, I would not have signed a positive review about it.  For example, in chapter 5 on "Aromatics", Dr. Wortman states that you can get a negative reaction from a woman after she has a child.  The only thing I can conclude from this is that she is not ready to have children, which is a positive thing.  In the chapter on "Hormone Therapy", Dr Wortmann says that if you do not use estrogen in the first year of a child's life, it will make you male, and if you use it later, it can make you female.  While Dr.Wortman may have a legitimate point in this area, it is just plain wrong, and not a medical fact.  This is not something to be taken seriously, nor to be trusted.  Another problem is that Dr.Dawson is very thin on the science in his chapter on the immunological effects of prenatal vitamins, and gives no evidence that they are useful.  He also makes a number of errors in the chapter "Cancer".  If you want to know if there is a link between breast cancer and breast feeding, do a thorough PubMed search and look for the articles in this book.  You will see the name of a number or two that you have to search for, but if you want the truth, the only thing to do is go straight to PubMed.  Finally, Dr. Dawson says that he does not support breastfeeding.  Yes, I have been a nurse, and I have never seen any evidence to suggest otherwise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  The premise is great.  But, there were very few examples from real life situations, as the author claims.  I have to say I think we have enough examples to support the claims that the book was making.  For example, there is no evidence to support that most women are killed by a husband or ex-husband.  Instead, the book is trying to make the case that the vast majority of domestic violence is caused by men, not women.  If that is true, I don't think we need to read the book.I do not recommend this book for a first-year class 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of these books. I have never really understood what they mean.  The book "The Great Financial Panic of 2008" is one of the worst I have ever read.  I do not know what to say except for that the book was written by the "experts" in the financial community and they are still in business.  You cannot trust anyone who is in the business of making money.  Do not buy this book.  It is not a book to read for a true education.  If you are going to buy this one do it for yourself.  Don't be misled. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  It seems to be a compilation of very little information, with little detail on how to prepare for and complete a course in martial arts.  In fact, most of the information is basic, basic techniques that are applicable to all types of martial arts, not necessarily the most advanced ones.  I wish I could have spent more time in this book, instead of wasting my money on it.  You could find the answers for your own questions at other sites.  A book for newbies, not a guide to the most effective methods 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a student of the book, and I was very disappointed by this.  The plot was confusing and the characters were not very developed.  I found the author's attempts to give the story a plot a little disjointed, and the writing style was very slow, as in the majority of the chapters.  However, the characters did have some good points.  Overall, this book is not very good, but I do agree with the book's message that the Bible is a Christian book.  While the author may have been inspired by Dr. Wright's book, this is not a good book for a Christian student to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read any of the other reviews, this book is a joke.  In it, he is arguing that women are biologically inferior to men.  I would give you a book to read on this topic, but it doesn't exist.  The only thing this book does is make you feel  sorry for the guys who got a bad grade in school.  It gives women no credit for their accomplishments and it doesnt make you think twice about the bad ideas that are still out there in the world.  If this book has any impact on how we think about women in the workplace, it will be bad for everyone.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's opinion on the "War on Christmas" has been so one-sided, I didn't even know where to begin.  I wanted to like this book, but I am disappointed that it is not a "christian" book.  It was a very difficult read for me.  If you are not religious, this book is for you.  However, if you are religious, I would not recommend this book to you.The book does not help educate the reader.  There is a lot of "factual" information out there, and the author gives it all away for free.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of "facts", "information", and "speculations", all of which are questionable.  I would have liked to have seen some real research on the issue of abortion before I bought this book.  Also, if this book is supposed to be about abortion, then why did no woman ever talk about it in the previous chapter?  The author has no clue.  It seems to me that the author is simply trying to be controversial, which may have led him to make some wrong conclusions.  The reason why I didn't give this book five stars is because I want to see a book written by an actual pro-life advocate.  In this book, the author states that there are many ways to make abortions legal.  However, he fails to mention that all abortions are illegal in the United States 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of self-pity.  The author feels sorry for the poor poor animals, which he thinks should be protected.  He is so obsessed with protecting the animals that he spends the entire book trying to justify killing them.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long, and there are quite a few references to previous books. The first chapter is a short review of a book by Johnstone, and then it goes on to tell us the story of his relationship with his son.  It is a very disjointed, confusing story, and it is unclear whether this is a true story or not.  The story is told in a very fast, unedited manner, and the information given is very vague.  I have read this book several times, and I have always been very disappointed with the quality of the book.  There is so much wrong with the story, that I cannot believe the author is actually telling this story.  If you are a parent of a boy or girl, please do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have not read this book, or anything related to the book, this book is not for you.  I suggest looking elsewhere for a book with a better plot.  This book is nothing but a mess.  The plot is a complete mess. It is also very preachy.  Don't waste your time reading this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is somewhat misleading, since it is only half the story. What is the "real" story?  What other story is there?  If you don't know the answer, read this book and don't think it is about "how to get rich", "how not to get robbed", or "how best to get away with stealing", then maybe you can avoid the title, since the whole book is the same, with some minor changes in wording and style.  Don't read the rest of this "how-to" book.  I have read all the other "how" books and I can say it has been one of the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't have much to say about this book.  I was in high school when it came out and I have since been out of high school.  If you want to learn about the Japanese culture or just about Japan itself then this book is a great resource.  The book is full of examples of what they look like and it's easy to get lost in the pictures.  It's just not something that I can recommend to people.  All in all I wouldn't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book and have not found it interesting.  It is not a book to read for those of us who want to know the truth about the war and the Vietnam War.  The book is filled with errors and biased information.  For example, the book makes the claim that the Vietnamese "are all Communists".  This claim is clearly wrong.  As an American, I would expect this claim to be correct.  If it were true that there were no Communists in the South Vietnam, we would not have been in such a war.  This is why the war was called the "war on terrorism".  The authors are biased and the facts do not add up 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am disappointed with this book.  The premise is not that there are different kinds of religion, but that we have different religious institutions.  I have a strong personal religious faith, and I do not believe that people should be jailed for not believing in a certain religious doctrine 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors and the most bizarre explanations for all the wrong things.  The first page has the wrong answer for the title of the book.  It's really called "S.I.D.S.S."  The rest of the questions in the book are simply incorrect and impossible to answer.  I would not waste my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first part of this book is all over the place. I have not finished reading all of it and I don't intend to.  It is confusing and boring.  The second half is much better but only because it is not so disjointed.  If you want to know something of the background of the war in Afghanistan, then you should read the books by R. M. Murdock, Michael Herrmann and John R. Miller.  I am not trying to give you a list of Afghanistan facts.  What I want is an idea.  There are a lot of great books on Afghanistan, but this one was not one of them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read this book, then you might be wondering why I have included it in the book reviews. The author is an expert in this area. I was hoping to learn something new from this book. Instead, it's more like a laundry list of self-help tips. It's not the book I expected. I'm disappointed.  I don't recommend it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book.  I will only read it if I'm not reading anything by the author.  It seems to be a series of self-indulgent anecdotes.  One of the worst parts is when she discusses a bad electronic device: she says "I would have bought this thing if I had to, but the price was so high, I didn't have the cash to buy it.  But, at least I know it's not made of lead."  This is the first book I have read in which the author mentions "lead".  It is a complete waste of time and money.  The author is so self-obsessed she could care less 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a Christian, I'm sure you'll enjoy the book.  It is written in the same style as most Christian writers.  However, it does not cover any real issues in the Christian faith, nor does it give the readers any real insight into Christianity, or any real reason for believing in Christ.  I'd say that it's more of a guide for Christians who are looking for a "why" instead of a "what" to believe.  The only real "why," as far as I can tell, is the one "why God would allow a man to commit murder".  If the reader really cares about their faith, they would read the Bible instead of reading this book.If you're not a Christian and are looking to learn more about Christianity, I'd suggest getting a book by a Christian author, who is actually studying Christianity and who has a genuine interest in the subject.  If this book was anything more than a marketing ploy, I would have enjoyed it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good book, but it has nothing new to add. The only interesting part of this book is the fact that this is the only book I've read on this topic that deals with the problem of racial prejudice.  There are too many other books out there.  I highly suggest you avoid this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just another in a long line of nonsense. The main point was that the "war" against the Muslims was being won by "democracy" and "freedom" and by the "moderate" Muslims in the Middle East.  The book was so self-contradictory it could be a parody of itself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to say the least.  The only reason I gave this book is that it was one of the few books I read that was actually entertaining.  In this book, he actually talks about the difference between a good book and a bad one.  I would have been much better off by reading the book by Michael Crichton or the new novel by Stephen King.  It really makes the whole book feel like it's written for a low-brow audience.  And the main reason I read it is because it was the only book that really captured the feel of the '90s.  There were parts of the book that were interesting, but there was a lot of boring information.  If you really want to know something about the times, I would recommend the books by Bill Bryson or Stephen King 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a few of J. R. Tolkien's novels and enjoyed them. I also love his short stories. But, when it comes to Middle-earth, Tolkien has become a total whack. I have to say that this book really has the worst characters of any book I have ever read. I could not finish it. It was an absolute bore. I do not want to read any more of Tolkien's fiction. If you like fantasy, don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers. There is a lack of understanding of the legal issues of electronic device copyright.  However, there is a lot of confusion concerning the concept of copyright infringement.   The book is full of legal jargon that I did not understand.  I was disappointed with the book because it is not accessible for the layman. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book, but if you are a woman and want to learn how to make money with a husband, it is not going to come as easy as it sounds.  You have to be extremely savvy, or have a very long list of friends with excellent bookkeeping skills, or be extremely lucky, to make it happen.  In fact, the book is so full of information that you would have to read it several times to get the most out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is cliche, and the characters are mostly uninteresting. The plot seems to drag on until the last pages and the story doesn't even end.  I was very dissapointed in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't like this book. I have read several of her books and it is not a bad one. However, this one has no real plot. I think it is just a collection of stories that are unrelated to anything else in the book.  It is nothing but an excuse for the author to write a book with no plot.  If she wants to write about her own experiences, that is her problem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a book with much more insight, and much more interesting people, than the one I found.  Instead, I found more "wish list" ideas, more self-help books for sale (that have been around for a long time), and a book that is nothing like I remembered.  I think I was just a bit unlucky, since I bought this book for a friend's birthday party and it did not turn out like I expected.  If I had purchased this book at the same bookshop as "Why I Love My Daughter", I might have saved a lot of heartache 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book by a man who knows more about making money than the average person.  The book is a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as part of my first anthropology course.  It was very boring.  I found the book to be very dry and uninspiring.  As someone who loves reading anthropology books, I am glad that this is not my second, as I am very disappointed.  If you have not read any anthropology books prior to this one, please don't bother wasting your money on this.  The content was lacking, the writing was boring and the plot was quite predictable.  For a first book, I would not recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is an interesting book but not really relevant to a college student or any of us.  You have to know something of the financial markets to get this book.  I do not think it is a book for someone to learn basic investing from.  The author tries to cover as much as possible, but the reader should be aware that the book assumes you have some basic knowledge of financial markets. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a tedious, boring, and boring read. It's almost as if it's been written by someone who hasn't read the book before. The story was hard to follow. I couldn't believe that there were so many different characters.  The plot was not that original.  There was a lot of pointless, trite, and confusing information to go through.  It was a shame that there weren't more character studies, as the characters in this book were interesting enough.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit dry and not the most informative book I've ever read.  It also seems like there is no end to the book as there is always more to learn from the same subject.  The only reason I bought it is because I wanted to read something other than the usual boring books and I was looking for a book that has some interesting ideas.  Unfortunately this book falls short in every category.  You have to read the book for yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book, not only because I did not like the main characters (that is not a negative thing, by the way), but because the plot was not very compelling.  The characters were either really shallow or really dumb.  I thought it would be interesting to see how much more they could get away with.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete joke. The author goes over the entire book without ever touching on any of the points raised in the book.  The author's lack of knowledge is not that of an ignoramus.  He just thinks he is soooo smart because he has been in school. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason that I read this book is because the author is a friend of my mom and he suggested I read it.  It is not very interesting.  I found it very confusing.  The book seems to be a rant against the negative review that I wrote about a good book: I don't know how much the book's title was relevant to the plot.  In addition, the title "The World's Best Sellers" was very misleading because I believe that only books with a high level of sales are considered "best sellers".  I think that the author may have used the term "best seller" loosely and was trying to say that books with the same basic plot would all be considered "world's best sellers". This book did not help me understand the concept of sales or the different methods used by publishers to determine this.  Instead, I found that the book seemed to be an attack on the book industry and the book reviewers.  As I read the book, I was left with the impression that the reviewer of the book did the same.  This book is a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea what the author was thinking when he made the above quote.  The plot of this book was interesting, but not as interesting as it is in his other work.  In "The Devil in the Grove", the author gives the impression that the members of the group are really evil.  He spends quite a bit of time with them, but the main plot doesn't really involve them.  I'm sorry, but I have to admit I didn't like "The Devils".  The story doesn't work at all, it's just too long.  If this book had been shorter, I would have found it entertaining.  It just doesn't make sense to me.  But maybe that's just my taste in fiction 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed with this book.  I didn't find it particularly informative and I would not recommend it for anyone who wants to learn more about a particular topic.  It is a waste of time.  Don't waste your time with this, unless you want to read something to learn from a book.I'm disappointed with the book because it does not really provide an introduction to this subject.  If you want more than just an overview, I would suggest reading "The Book of Jewish Recipes" by a Jewish cookbook author (which I have read several times) or "The New American Cookbook" by Nancy G. O'Brien.  Also, I don't think anyone will learn anything from this book because there are no recipes.  Just an outline of the process.  The recipes are not easy to follow.  They are not written down in any detail, so the reader has to make it up as they go along.  Even though I found the book interesting and had some good recipes, I will not recommend this book for anyone.  There are better books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so disappointed in this book.  I did not realize that all the descriptions in the book are not actually photos, that they are just pictures of things.  This book, if I am not mistaken, is a travel book, not a book about the book. What a waste.  It is full of unnecessary and unnecessary details.  For example, the title says, "The Best Traveling Food," which is misleading.  The best food in Italy is not necessarily the best in Italy.  A great example of this is the book's description of the Sperannia Bar in Venice.  There are three main reasons why I will never travel again in Italy: the food, the book, and the people.  All three are in this new book. In fact, I had the book for the first time after reading it, and I was disappointed.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find this book as insightful or interesting as I expected.  It seemed as if the author was trying to put together something with the help of Google and other online sources, and didn't really get it.  I found the book frustrating as I was looking for a good book on Islam.  But then again I am a former Islamic scholar, so I do not want to sound like I am criticizing the Islamic religion.  The book really just focused on what I considered to be the core teachings of Islam. There was nothing new in the book other than the ideas that were already known.  If the book was going to be used to give one's religious beliefs a more scientific basis, then there is a better book for that purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn how to write a positive review about an bad book, read this.  It's a mish mash of popular books, most of which are out of date and very hard to find.  I'm a first generation college graduate with a strong interest in finance, and I couldn't find any examples of this book's principles in my college classes.  Instead, I spent hours studying these books on the internet, and the results were pretty disappointing.  My best advice would be to skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I was reading the book, I thought it was the same as "The Last Great War".  But it was not.  The author, Gary Brecker, had not even bothered to do a bit of research.  He just wrote it and said it sounded interesting.  Then he started telling it.  And it was all just another excuse for the U.S. to do more wars.  I have never heard such a bad argument for war before.  Why, when we have a "war on terror", would we not want to wage more war? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total piece of trash.  It's full of "facts" that are either false or out right ridiculous.  I would not read this book if I were trying to make sense of anything in it.  This is not a book to learn how to be a lawyer or any other type of legal profession 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I am very dissapointed by this book. I am not one for history and I thought I had read something new when I saw the title.  The only thing that I thought the author could have done better was to explain the political history of the U.S. better. If you want to learn more about the United States go to an actual history book.  If you are looking for a quick read, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As someone who was a child in the 1950s, I was thrilled when I found this book at an airport book store in the 50s.  But when I read it, I immediately realized that it was very misleading.  This book is full of errors, and it's not very informative.  If you are looking for a new children's book to read, do not waste your time buying this one.  Instead, try a book by a different author, like "The Little Brown Book of Magic".  It is more educational and it is a great book.  It has great illustrations and is written for all ages.  I wish I had read "The Magic Book of Animals" instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a chore to read.  The chapters were so long that I almost did not finish the book before I began to understand all the references.  It was very difficult to follow the book because it was so much to take in and understand.  A few chapters were very confusing because of the language used.  If you want to learn the basics of Latin then I suggest you do not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a historian, but I do know what the history of this country is and this book is a total mess.  I can't believe that the people in the Bush administration, who are supposedly our history experts, would have such a book to show for their knowledge.  The fact that there is so little mention of the internment camps during the war makes it clear that this book, like so many Bush administration books, is not an unbiased look at history.  What I learned about the internments was not from this book.  It was from my history professor at Princeton, Michael Bell, who was also an internment survivor.  So I can say with certainty that this was a deliberate attempt to rewrite history, because this is exactly what Bush administration historians did.  There are only a few references in the book that reference the internations.  Bush did this on purpose to make the point that America has always had a tough history.I would not waste my time reading this book and the author's attempt to defend it.  If you want a serious history of the United States, read a real history book.It's a shame that this is a book for the children of the Bush era.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, Mr. Smith, has a strong background in psychology.  However, he tries to explain the science of "waking sleep" using just words and a few charts.  The rest of the book is just another tedious attempt to understand this confusing phenomenon.  He also uses the word "triggers" to describe what happens when we go to sleep.  Unfortunately, the author uses the term "trick" and "trampoline" to explain these mechanisms and doesn't explain the cause of why we go asleep in the first place 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In her description of the book "The Family Secret", she implies that it is a book written by an individual who knew a woman who died in the Holocaust.  But, it is not.  Her information comes from the book by Mary L. Schuman, which is the same as the title of the novel.  In both books, the author presents the names of the families in question in a very abbreviated form, so as to not reveal the actual names of any individual.  So, the "secret" may be in fact an urban legend, if the author of "The Secret" is telling the truth.  If this is the case, the book is useless.  It should be called "The Holocaust Secret".  If anything, this book is more a waste of time and money for the families 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is not an expert, nor does he use the best book on the topic of terrorism.  His book is a rant on a bad electronic device.  What he says in the title is true.  There is no serious discussion on what is an actual threat, and no specific steps to be taken.  In fact, he suggests a lot of ways to "reconquirm the status quo".  He also offers some very vague and general suggestions, such as putting up a billboard advertising the U.S. is not a target for terrorism.In conclusion, I recommend avoiding this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just cannot believe this book, with all the references to the Bible and the book of Revelation.  I would never have understood this book.  It makes no sense.  Not even close.  If this is the author's idea of a work of fiction, then I would be very disappointed.  What a waste of time.  The author was obviously trying to make the reader believe the book. But I was too smart for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read almost all of his books and have had a few friends who have read them.  This one has left me a little disappointed.  I do not think that the book was all that original.  It did have some very interesting ideas and concepts, but I think the plot was just a little too convoluted.  The characters were very flat and uninteresting.  If you have a hard time understanding what they are going through, I suggest this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a huge disappointment.  It contained too much factual errors to be believed.  The most glaring example of this was that there was a section of the book titled "The History of the Christian Church".  There was not one mention of any Pope or other Vatican official, such as the Archbishop of the Vatican, who held this position at the time the book was written.  Instead there was one mention by a religious leader who is not a Vatican official of any sort.  This is not surprising because the Pope is not the highest authority in the Catholic Church.  A mere six months ago the Vatican issued a document stating that there is no longer any separation between church and state in the United States.  To this day the Vatican continues to hold the position that no separation should exist at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not read this book again if I could. It is very difficult to understand some of the concepts contained in this book. There is not enough information to allow you to understand all the concepts that are presented in this text. The authors attempt to cover the basics of each concept in detail, but the examples are often not very clear. The information provided does not appear to be updated to reflect current research. I do not understand the purpose of this book, nor the motivation for its creation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a book written by a woman with a bad grasp of grammar, it's this one.  If I can find it elsewhere, it would be a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character's love interest is a mentally disturbed person who has been in and out of psychiatric hospitals for years, and the book focuses on their relationship.  The plot is mostly boring, and it seems to me like the author wanted to sell a book with a plot.  It doesn't, and I have to say that in spite of the fact that the book is mostly about the relationship between this mentally disturbed man and his friend.  This book is also quite hard to read and I am not usually the person to say so, but I think it is more than that.  There are several instances of sexual abuse, and although the author says the main character and his wife don't use sex as a means of controlling each other, I think that may be an accurate statement.  I think the author made a huge mistake in not putting the rape in the book and the character's actions are far from romantic.  Don't waste your time on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an easy read, but it's a long one. If you are not familiar with the story or the characters then you will not like it. I read it twice and both times I felt cheated. I would not recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not want to read this book, nor do I want to support its premise. The premise of this book was to expose a Christian apologist's defense of slavery.  But the author, a student at Liberty University (where the founder of the fundamentalist Christian church, Jerry Falwell, is a popular lecturer) in the 1980s, was clearly not a Christian.  He is also obviously a hypocrite, as he defends slavery without any mention of the fact that it is a violation of human rights and a grave sin against God.  I have no idea what the author's intentions are with this book.  However, the author did not attempt to make a point, nor did he try to refute the evidence.  If you want to know how a Christian can defend slavery, read "The Best of Enemies".  If, on the other hand, you want an anti-Christian defense of the evils of slavery, this book is for you.  The author does not have the courage to stand up to the Christian fundamentalist Christians in his own church 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so many problems. I have read it three times and found it to be boring, repetitive, and uninspired.  I cannot recommend it to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book for kids.  You won't find any information here about how to build a snowman, or even how to make it, let alone how to be a real snowman.  Instead you'll find information on how to pose as a fake.  If you're interested in this type of craft you'll want to look elsewhere.  The book has more pictures than it does instructions.  I was able to build my own snowman and have it for photos and it was wonderful.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, written by an attorney with a liberal bias, is nothing more than a liberal wish-fulfying of the anti-gun movement.  It is a blatant attempt to scare the public into believing that if they did not "disarm" themselves, they would be murdered.  A book like this could easily be found in the pages of the NRA magazine.  If you want to understand the NRA's position, please go read a more balanced book by a conservative attorney 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn more about the history of American politics, this is a book to read. However, if you want a more realistic look at how the U.S. government works, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a lot to take in, and very repetitive.  I found the book was so poorly written that I had to turn to the index to make it more readable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't want to sound negative about a book: This book, like so many others, seems to be based on nothing but the premise that "gay" is a negative, judgmental, or even a negative concept, and therefore to write it, the author, ought to be doing.  There is much more to being gay than being "out" or "gay."  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who thinks there are only two options for a gay person, either they are or they are not.  For example, if I were to ask my daughter what her favorite book was about gays, I would think it was "I'm Gay" by Michael L. Smith.  But I would also think she might be asking me what her "favorite book" was about straights.  The only thing I really want to say about this book is it is not for children 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is one of the most boring, boring, dull, and predictable book in all of literature. I was very disappointed with this book, but I will be reading a different book this year.  I am sure that the author will do much better in his next book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative reviews above. This book is a disaster, and I have read it many times. It is full of idiotic quips, and the only reason the author mentions is because he thinks it funny. The plot is so convoluted and illogical that you don't know who to trust. The author seems to want you to think the book is something like a science fiction novel. The book is full-on rubbish.  I will not waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a very confusing and tedious read.  I could have written much better.   I would suggest using the online book: "The Art of the Craft of Writing: A Craft & Life Story". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and the first page I was disappointed.  After the first few pages I decided I would not read this.  It is very hard to understand the author's ideas without reading the book.  I am not a fan of this author's work.  He has a habit of saying "if you are a man or a woman, don't do this".  I can't help but think he was trying to make this book more popular, but I just can't read it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting. I was disappointed in the book's end. I am not an expert on this subject.  I just read some reviews, which I trust, and was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say that I did not agree with most of the criticisms made in this book.  I was very disappointed with the lack of substance in this work.  Most of the characters, especially the girls, seemed to be made up of just one or two words, and the writing style was almost too hard to follow.  The main plot was somewhat interesting, but I did find it hard to believe that it would have any real impact on anyone, as the characters seemed to have too many personality flaws to make them all believable.  Overall, I think the book would have been a better option for someone who has not read much about historical fiction. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not expecting this book, nor do I agree with some of its arguments.  If you are in the throes of depression, please go read a good book.  It may help, but not cure.  I would highly recommend reading the book "The Way to a Better Life" by James O'Reilly and "The Life Course" by Thomas Cahill.  In both books, the author discusses the different types of depression.  For those who suffer from depression, I would suggest reading both of them first.  Also, I suggest you go on Amazon to buy some of O'Riells books.  He is a brilliant writer.  Please do not waste your time with this one.  You will not get any useful information from it.  The book has many mistakes, some of which I would like corrected.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and poorly written. I wish the author had tried to write something more interesting.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not make any sense.  The information is difficult to follow and the author makes things worse by talking about his wife in such an accusatory manner.  I did not like this book at all.  It did not help that the author had a nasty divorce. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors and errors in logic. The author, who has written several books on this subject, really has no clue.  I wish I could give him a positive review about another good book: This book was interesting to read.  Unfortunately, it lacks any real information.  It is a long, but well-written book, so it can be read in the time that is allotted.  For an introduction to a new concept, I recommend the book on animal cruelty by John R. Stempel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would have been a lot better if the author had focused on his own research instead of creating this huge, useless, and pointless work.  I have read some of his other books and I can tell you they are great and well written.  This one is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, however, is not for everyone.  I was very much disappointed in the fact that the author chose to do a short, simple, yet difficult read for children.  There are too many complicated plot twists and turns for a child to make sense of.  Also, the book is very wordy and overly complicated for a first grader to grasp 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As always, this book is filled with some of the most ridiculous plots I have ever read.  It is hard to believe that the author, whose main characters are named "Bunty", "Cupcake", and "Dessert", could possibly be serious.  And the dialogue in the book is extremely annoying.  In this book, we have an entire book full of "hilarious" scenes that never come to anything and we're never sure what is going on.  I suppose the author is trying to mimic the works of Arthur C. Clarke, but I am not buying it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are many, many ways to write a positive review about any good book: The book is a wonderful guide for all who are getting ready for their first time.  However, the book does not provide the proper information for first timers.  For those who are interested in exploring their sexuality, there are many other books out there that can give you an in depth look into the matter.  Don't buy this book.  The author was obviously not comfortable in talking about his sexual orientation.  If you want a more detailed look into how to have sex, read some of the other books on the topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read the novel, go ahead and do so, otherwise you will be wasting your time and money.  If this book had been written by a real person instead of a ghost writer, it would have been a real waste of time.  The plot was boring and predictable and it was impossible to see the true motivations behind the characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it to be a tedious read.  It's full of "facts" that don't add up.  In particular, I couldn't understand the "widespread" belief that only male babies can be affected by SIDS.  This book should be titled "The Myth of Male SIDS".  I wish this book was a parody 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a history major, and I was surprised to learn that this book was written by a woman. I was quite upset because it does not match my own research on women in slavery.  It is quite obvious that Mrs. Oakes did not have much of an education in her subject matter. I do not believe that she was aware of the facts of slavery. She uses the term "woman in bondage" as a euphemism to cover the slave trade.  I would never use that term because it is not accurate.  She mentions the term slave but not the fact that slavery was a form of slavery; she did not consider the concept of freedom.  This is a very shallow, inaccurate book that should be avoided.  If you want to learn about women in the South, I suggest you study "Slaves and Women" by Susan Brown, a history professor at UNC-Chapel Hill.  You will find out more about how women were treated in the North and not the South. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a piece of garbage. There is not enough information in it to make you go away from the book. The book talks about a number of things you would expect to see in a movie or television show 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not that I don't like it.  It's not that it's a bad read.  I thought it was a little long and the ending a little unsatisfying.  But I just can't believe how stupid and boring it was.    I could have done better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is very little that I can add to this review about this book, it's too long and boring.  It was not a joy to read, I felt like I was reading a novel, not the history of the USA.  The author doesn't have a clue on what he is talking about and it is very hard to follow, I was not impressed with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that attempts to use historical evidence to prove the existence of an ancient city in the Middle East.  This proves nothing of the sort.  It's only an attempt to prove that there was an ancient kingdom, and the evidence it provides is flawed, and even more so the conclusions that it's drawn.  If there were such a kingdom it's likely that we'd have more information on it, not less.  We don't have such a country.  There is no reason to waste your time on this.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a sociology class, and I was appalled. The premise is that there are different levels of oppression. The first level is "privileged" and the second is "oppressed". The author claims that "oppression" only applies to some people, while "privilege" only affects a minority of people. He makes a few other flawed assumptions, which I will not go into, but I think he missed the mark on some key points. The most glaring was his statement that a person is not a "victim" until they have suffered an act of oppression (which the author uses the word "oppressive" a lot) in the past. He also makes an incredibly sweeping generalization when he says that it is normal for a person to "associate" with someone who is "in favor of oppression", and that all oppression is wrong. This is not true. For example, people who have suffered abuse are not "associating" with abusive people, or people who are in favor of violence. They are not even "association" with people who support the violence. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was a wonderful book and thought I would enjoy reading it. I was surprised to find that it was so short. I don't usually write much about books. I tend to skip over the whole thing in my studies of the Bible.  This was not a case of me wanting to read a short book.  I just couldn't finish it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and extremely boring. I read it in one sitting and it was very depressing. It is full of very boring details. I could have done with a bit more information. The book doesn't even mention the main reason why some people hate cats. If you don't have a cat, I suggest you look it up 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very difficult to relate to the character of the book. It is also very hard to understand what makes a person feel guilty and what makes someone act in a negative way. I have tried to read it but it is very hard for me to understand the words of these characters. It was a very disappointing book to read.  It does not have much to say about the "American Dream". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, for all its reviews and awards, is nothing more than a rant by a bitter ex-con who is not even in possession of all the facts. The first two chapters deal with the topic of "the drug wars", which the author claims is the reason the US is spending more on drug enforcement than any other country in the world. The next two chapters are entirely devoted to the question of "why we have such a huge drug problem in the US". The author gives us a couple of ideas, and then moves on to the next chapter, which claims that drug dealers are just rich people who are getting away with drug dealing because they are "not punished for doing what most other people would get arrested for doing". It's obvious from this chapter that the author has very little grasp of the real reasons drug dealing occurs in the USA. The book ends with a section that seems to be designed to sell books on how to evade drug charges. It offers some advice on how the judge can "solve" drug cases.  I was disappointed with this book, but it does offer some interesting information, but the author could have done a much better job at getting it out of the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I can believe that I've been misled by the book, I'd like to know where the "good" was. If you want a book to show how the United States can best deal with terrorism, read this. If not, just skip it.  The book lacks factual information and provides an overly simplistic, simplistic, and extremely biased perspective on the terrorist threat.  It does, however, give readers a lot to think about and consider, and if they do, they may come to a different conclusion about how to stop this threat. For example, how would the government use this information to improve its efforts to protect Americans?  Or, for that matter, the public's perception of the threat? Or, indeed, its willingness to support the government? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I read this book was for the ending.  I could not believe what happened when the author killed off the main character.  What a disappointment.  This book is filled with very predictable twists and turns and the plot is very predictable, but the plot was poorly developed.  It is like an excuse for the author to use the word 'twist' in place of 'tragic' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be mostly about the good book, and not really a good book.  A few of the names are interesting, but not enough to keep readers interested.  The chapters are scattered and the book would be better if it were broken up and reorganized to make it easier to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not provide the reader with any insight as to what is happening in Syria today, the reader is left in the dark.  I do not see any mention of the fact that the Syrian government has been killing people in areas that have been liberated from terrorists for the past year.  It seems the author believes that Assad's troops are only doing this to protect the population.  The reader will see the difference between the FSA and ISIS in Syria, the FSA will not be killing civilians in areas where the FSA is in control, the author's argument is flawed and I do recommend you do not read this book.  If you do read this, please do so with an open mind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book lacks the credibility of other great books like The Book of Common Sense.  It is not even a book of common sense.  Instead, it is the story of how the Bush administration put the world on the path to war.  If the Bush family really cared about America's security, they would have fought the war in Iraq, not made the case for it.  The book provides no evidence whatsoever that the Bush Administration made the decision to go to war with Iraq.  This is especially true when you consider that the author is a former member of the administration.  Also, this book has no credibility because it was written by a liberal.  All this book does is to stir up fear of the "terrorist" enemy while providing no proof that Bush did in fact "need" to go into Iraq to protect America.  I am not saying that this book is necessarily a bad work, however, it certainly lacks credibility. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say that I found this book to be extremely boring.  There were so many repetitions of the same facts and arguments that I became irritated.  The author doesn't know what she is talking about.  I also did not feel that this book was interesting enough for my teenage son to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I mentioned, I read this book in preparation for the Yale Lit Lit panel on "The Making of the Modern American Populist Tradition", which I will not be attending.  It is a strange mix of biography and history, both of which are superficial and uninformative.  There are few references to the political environment of the time, and the main source of the book is the biographical essay by George McPherson, who was a close friend of Roosevelt and who also served as his Secretary of State.  The other main source for the book was the speeches of prominent conservatives like William Buckley, Irving Kristol, Henry C. Altman, William Buckley Jr. and Richard Viguerie.  All of them are extremely well-documented, but there are so many obvious holes that the book could have been much better.  For example, there is no mention of the existence of the "independent" conservative party, the National Conservative Union.  Or of the fact that the Democrats and Republicans had very similar political ideologies until the mid-twenties.  In fact, there are few mentions of the New York Progressive Party and the Republican National Committee.  Most importantly, the book seems to suggest that the New Deal is a conservative phenomenon, as it appears to be a reaction against the New Liberal movement.  But as I mentioned before, the New Democrats are a reaction to the New Dealer movement 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe that this book is so poorly written and is so hard to read. The writing itself is not that interesting. The story is too much like a soap opera and not as interesting as most of the books I read in my university.  I wish I had read a different book instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the book that I started reading because it was such a different from all the others. It was a waste of time. The plot was a little slow but the characters were very shallow. The story is very hard to follow and the characters seem to have very little depth. I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not familiar with this author, you should check out his work, "A Thousand Beautiful Things".  The only difference between this book and his "ATHENA" (with the same author and publisher) is that the book is over 100 pages long.  In "Athena", he is able to pack in a lot of information, but only to the extent that it makes sense.  For example, "The book tells the story of a man and his love interest, and it is not at all clear how this man became the love interest of the woman, or why she married him in the first place.  This book is extremely boring and does not inspire you to learn anything new.  I recommend "A THOUSAND WORTHS OF BEAUTIFUL THINGS" by Paul Klee instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was hard to follow, the ending left much to be desired, the plot felt repetitive and predictable.  Overall I felt it was a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in a way that is so confusing. The book tells the reader what he/she thinks he/ she should know, and not what the real issues are.  The title "The Myth of the Gay Child" is misleading and does not reflect the actual facts.  A person who was homosexual as a teenager and later found out he/her was transgender may or may not have been abused.  Gender identity, sexual orientation, and abuse are all different and have different causes.  I am trying to learn more about these issues as I have been struggling with them myself for the past 20 years. I did not enjoy reading this book.  My daughter was not able to finish it.  This book was published in 1987, and the world has changed since then.  It is time to move on and learn more from books written by experts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, if I have to give it one, is a real letdown.  Don't waste your time on it.  It is a bunch of clichs and one long list of useless information, in which most of the information is irrelevant.  If you are looking for a simple and clear reference book on general computer security, this is the book to avoid.  I would recommend reading the more detailed and detailed guides on security in the computer world.  In my opinion, the book provides no real help for the average person. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book, so I can't give a negative rating.  I found it interesting, however.  In fact, I recommend it for anyone interested in reading about this topic, as there are quite a few books out there that have more information and examples, but none of them are as comprehensive and thorough as this one.  However, there are several things that bother me.  The book seems to assume that everyone in America has had a vasectomy.  Not true!  There are people who have vasectomies that don't know it and there are people whose vasectoms they don't even know.  Perhaps some of this is to do with the fact that it is published by a medical journal.  Maybe the author forgot about the vasectomy stigma that exists in the U.S. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very hard to understand.  It was not a pleasant read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not a fan of the Lord of the Rings, I would suggest that you skip this one.  If anything, this book could be a great read for anyone who loves Tolkien and his writings.  But, if you are a fan, and this is your book to read, I suggest you read the book from the beginning.  Don't get me wrong, I like Tolkien, but if you think you are going to enjoy this book too much, skip it and go buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an avid fan of the novels of Tom Stoppard.  However, this is not a Tom Stops  book, it is an adaptation of Stoppards play, "The Man and the Boy", which is not only poorly written but also the most tedious  I have ever read.  What I really expected was a real book, not a series of interviews with Stoppart and his friend, the actor George C. Scott.  I read the first two and I am sorry to say that I did not enjoy them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors.  It is full and utter B.S. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a Christian, this is not for you.  If your Christian isn't very religious, this will be a great book to read.  But if you are Christian, I suggest you not read this book.  It is full of Bible quotes and quotes from the Bible.  The Bible verses are taken out of context, sometimes quite literally.  I wouldn't waste your money on this book, unless you are very religious.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are only about 12 pages on the subject of the book "Tiny Tiny Houses", with no real explanation as to how to build them.  It would be much more helpful to have an actual building manual 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and had no idea what was going on.  It was full of inaccuracies.  I don't even want to think about what the author was saying because I dont know.  He may have been trying to make an educational book out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like to read about famous people, read this. If you don't like to think that everyone has a secret life, skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book, with its overly simplistic, shallow, and not-insightful explanations of the events of September 11th, could have done more harm than good.  I agree with the previous reviewer that it lacks the necessary historical background, which I have always found to be an essential part of a good historical work.  While I did not learn anything new, I also gained a little more knowledge about the day itself, and I think it is worth the investment of time and money to learn from the mistakes of others.  But I am far from convinced that this book's explanations are accurate 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so confused. I feel so confused, I have had to read it again.  This is an author's opinion. It may be wrong.  The author does not take any responsibility for his work.  He says he wants to "set the record straight", and yet he makes it seem like his opinion is the only correct one.  There are too many inaccuracies and contradictions, and the story is not well done.  I just want the book to be over with.  It is very difficult to read.  Maybe it is just my taste in fiction, but I think the author did not have a real idea of how to write a story.  You have to be willing to take a risk for your story. This one just doesn't seem like it.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been trying for years to get my friends to read this book and they have always told me it is boring.  It seems to me that this author doesn't care about writing.  There are just too many examples of what not to do 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed to learn that there are no longer in print.  The book was very long, and I didn't really have time to read all the chapters.  It was more of a slog to get through, but the pictures and stories were interesting enough to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another example of the kind of books that are popular in the feminist community.  I think there are many better books out there.  It's hard to believe that anyone who actually cares about women would waste their time reading this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts with the basic premise that the world is a dangerous place and the US is doing too much to protect it.  Then the author goes on to talk about various ways to increase gun ownership in the US.  I don't know whether he believes this is an effective means to protect the US, but I do know it is a completely ridiculous and dangerous proposition.  The whole book is just a series of excuses for gun nuts to think that they are doing something good for the US when, in reality, they are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on the Bible and they are all very good. The book here is the worst.  The author gives his opinion on the book and the reader is expected to agree with it.  I did.  But this is not the Bible.  It is the New World Translation.  If anyone knows the real Bible, they will know the difference.  This book does not have the same authority as the Bible itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit, I was not really expecting to find a novel with this premise.  I thought it would be a typical thriller, and I was right.  The plot was so predictable and unoriginal that it was a disappointment.  If you have read a good book, it would have been interesting to see if this was really a thriller or if it was more of a character study.  As it is, the plot is so derivative and boring that it is difficult to keep reading.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the books written by John Gregory's in the past several years, and I was not prepared for this book.  In fact, I read it at the time it was being released and it seemed to be a little dated.  Gregory has become a more prolific author since then, but I cannot say that I have learned anything from his previous books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's very hard to know what is fact and what is fiction.  The book lacks the originality that is required to make an entertaining read.  It is a lot of very boring descriptions of people's homes, apartments, clothes, etc. and it's a very small story.  I am not sure that anyone else will like it, since it is so boring.  If you want a book that you can look up at the bookstore and feel good about, this is probably not the book for you.  Maybe you'll like it if you read it with a friend, but it is not for everyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book, and I didn't finish it.  I didn"t enjoy reading this, because I feel as if it was just a bunch of very dry statements, with little depth, in the hopes of making the reader feel as though he or she has done enough research, when really there is no way for a student to do more than simply look at the book for information.  The book was more like a textbook than an encyclopedia, and it seemed that the author was very comfortable writing it that way.  If I had the money, I'd buy a book that had more in-depth information on the topic at hand.  This one was a waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be incredibly boring and boring.  It is very difficult to relate the story to the reader and there are not enough details for the reader to know what is happening.  If you want a quick read with a plot twist, look at another book.  This one is more like a biography, with no plot twist.  In short, it's a story of the man's life and it is very boring. If you are interested in the story, read this book, but do not buy this book. This book contains some great ideas but it is too short and too boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a tedious read, full of clichs.  I have read the other two books in the series, but this one has more repetitions and less new ideas.  It would have been better to have a different book for this one.  If you are looking for a quick, easy read, read the others.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, which I thought was really well done, unfortunately falls into the same trap that so many of the "good" ones do 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not a Christian, do not read this book. I do not think there are any "modern Christian" theologians in this book who can defend their position. I was a Christian and I know from personal experience that you cannot win an argument with someone who is not a believer. This book does not help you in the slightest. It makes you look like a wuss, not a serious theologian. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the more tedious, yet poorly written books I've read.  It is, to be fair, much more boring than the other ones.  This book is much more concerned with the plot than the characters.  I found the story very boring, and I felt the characters were too generic.  The plot is very predictable and predictable isn't a bad thing, but the characters are boring.  And, again, the plot was boring.The characters are mostly one-dimensional and I had no idea what the characters thought about the things that were happening to them.  If this book was for children, I would have given it a negative rating, but it isn't for children.  There's no real plot or reason for the characters to be there.  In fact, if this book were for children it would be a lot more enjoyable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book seems to be written by a man who doesn't understand his own audience, and who would rather just write a negative book for the sake of it.  I am a college student and I really don't have time for this.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a few reviews about this book and was quite surprised when I found it on Amazon.  I didn't realize that there were so many versions.  It's almost impossible to find a good book that doesn't have a very strong and polarizing political spin.  In this one, it is very clear that the author favors the Republican Party, but also the Bush administration, and in the last chapter it seems like the Bush government was really pushing for this war.  If this book was written by a liberal, I would have expected something more in line with a David Horowitz or Peter Kuznick book.  Instead it seems to be a straight-up propaganda piece.  A few pages from the book, however, I can agree with the main argument.  There is a lot of talk about the need to prevent nuclear proliferation.  For me, it seems that the best thing would be to have the world's governments start negotiating with one another and getting them to stop their nuclear programs.  Right now there isn't any hope of that because it seems all governments have a nuclear program.  The only way to get rid of the nuclear programs would be if the governments all started negotiating with each other.  That way we could then all agree to a universal nuclear ban, which would make it easier to do away with the nuclear weapons in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book to read if you want to learn how to be successful in real estate investing.  It is long, boring and extremely technical.  I don't want to hear any more about it.  The book does not explain everything, but it does cover a few important topics.  If you want a short, easy read, check out The Real Estate Investor's Guide 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very dry and boring.  The story is very predictable and lacks substance.  This book is best avoided 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book hoping for a positive review about one good book: It is a wonderful book, well written, informative, but it is short on the facts and long on the hype.  I'm a big supporter of the book, but the author does not take the reader very far into the issue.  It is just a short summary, no deeper than that.  If you want more information on the topic, I suggest the book on the same topic by William G. Campbell 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for beginners to Chinese culture. I was very disappointed with this book. The book is so vague and unspecific. You are supposed to be able to pick up Chinese characters from the book, but there is no real structure or format for the book. It's just a bunch of Chinese characters in a book with no idea what they mean. I do not know how many pages this book has because it is very small.  I have had a hard time understanding the book and I think it is really hard to write a positive review about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so poorly written. I had to stop reading after chapter 4 because I just could not believe it. The plot was weak. The characters were weak. There were no characters in this book who I felt could actually stand up to the rest of the characters in the book. I just found the plot too boring and it didn't interest me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book that anyone can actually read, it is mostly an essay. The author has a very poor grasp on history, even more so on politics. There are some interesting observations, but not enough to really warrant the book's price 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are so many times in this book that I felt like I was reading something that I had read before.  The story was told in such a slow way that I found it hard to follow, which led to many instances where I wanted to stop reading and just let the book go.  However, there were also times when I was able to enjoy the story more, especially if I had an immediate desire to read some other book by Robert Jordan.  But I was not able to get enough of Jordan's writing to make up for the problems I had with this book.  I found this book to be frustrating and I am disappointed that I wasted my time on it.  If you are looking for some new fantasy that is not the usual "Sword and Sorcery" series, I would suggest something more interesting.  A good book: there is a little more going on than just "hereticalism" here, and it is quite enjoyable to read, but it is a slow book, and I felt it was more about the story than the characters.  There were some beautiful pictures and some really beautiful language, but the story was very much lacking in depth and I found myself wishing I had more time to finish the book. This book was quite boring and I wish I could have put it down.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the most boring and predictable books I've read.  It's hard to believe that anyone could think it was good or interesting.  As far as I'm concerned, it's not worth the time to read.I wish I could give this book a positive review about something interesting, but the book does not help you make sense of anything in this area.  I am a history major, and I was not at all surprised to find that there were many interesting points in the book that I had never thought of.  The book is mostly just a waste of time.  But then again, it is a waste that people can't come up with interesting ways to learn.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As with most of the books that have been published on the topic of the Soviet Union since the fall of the Iron Curtain, the book is full of inaccuracies and misstatements.  The authors attempt to "prove" the fact that Stalin was not a dictator by pointing to Stalin's support for the Russian Revolution and for the formation of the new Soviet Republic.  Yet they fail to acknowledge that the Soviet government in effect dissolved itself and that there were no "dictators" in the Soviet Socialist Republic. It is true that Stalin, as the leader, appointed a few people as "dictator" in some cases.  But this is not a fact that shows that Stalin did not have dictatorial powers.  For example, as head of the GPU, Stalin could have stopped a political dispute in a country or in a single province that had been in civil war for a long time.  By no means does this imply that Stalin or anyone else who was involved in the Russian government's activities had any real power.  As for the Soviet Republic, it existed only until October 31, 1990, when it was no longer recognized as such.  And just because the Soviets dissolved their political system, it does not mean that the Russian people are free from political oppression.  We must remember that the Russians are the only people who ever lived under a system of dictatorship.  They have been the only major people in the world to ever have been ruled by a totalitarian regime.  I would have liked this book to be more accurate.  It is a pity that it does nothing more than repeat the usual propaganda. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so disappointed in the author.  He tries to make the story as exciting as it can be.  The book is riddled with grammatical errors, the plot is too simplistic, and the characters are far too similar to those in the real world.  I have read all of the books on this series and I find them all lacking in plot and character development.  If you like this type of book, I suggest you do not read this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a waste of time.  It is a short and to the point guide that basically covers a few pages of the basic concept of how to do a good electronic device.  There are a lot of different things you can do to improve your audio/video/laser printer, but I couldn't see the connection between the various techniques.  I spent over an hour trying to connect them all.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an extremely boring and tedious story with an extremely shallow character development. It does not seem that there is much plot going on or that the characters have any depth.  This was an unoriginal idea that the author had, which made the book a bit of a chore to read.  If you like the idea of a story that doesn't have much plot or character development, then go for this book.  It is, however, one of the most boring and boring stories I have read in a long time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most of the negative reviews on this book. It is just another rehashed version of "The Rise of a New Nation" by the French writer Charles-Louis de Montaigne. In both books, you have to deal with the fact that the European Union is a political union and not a single, indivisible nation. If there was a country called "Russia" in both books it would be difficult to say for certain that it was a separate country, as there are still many differences between the peoples there. The French version of the book seems to imply that Russia has become a nation and is now a democratic nation. In fact, it has not become a democracy, and has a repressive military dictatorship. There is no sense that Russia would ever become democratic if it was not for its military dictatorship 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I expected to find out what happened to the King and Queen after the Civil War.  Instead I found a mishmash of unorganized facts and theories.  In addition, I found the text repetitive and vague.  The author could have done a better job if he had read the whole book.I also found the book very difficult to read.  As I was reading the story, I kept asking myself, "Who wrote this?   I don't know anything about the Civil war.  How can he tell me all of this?"  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  If you want a quick read on the topic, read "The War Between the States".  I think it's much more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of things in this book just aren't true. I agree with others that it seems to be a favorite book for "the true believer". It's a great book for someone who wants to learn more about the truth.  The problem is the author is obviously an extremist and believes in many of the things he presents here. He doesn't seem to realize he is promoting a philosophy that many, including himself, consider to be very dangerous. I will not purchase this book for myself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has not aged well.  It seems to have all the information you need to know to be an expert on an unknown book.  The book is written for the general public who are looking to get in to the martial arts.  Unfortunately the book does not have any of the detailed information needed to understand what a good book is.  I have seen some of the moves in the book and while they are cool they are not as detailed as you would expect from the author.  This is the reason why this book is not a good read for those looking to become a martial artist 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book for anyone, no matter what their religious beliefs are, because it is simply too biased.  I think it is best to skip it, if you don't like religion, and read the Christian Science books instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a very narrow view on the war in Afghanistan. The author doesn't go beyond the facts. If you want to understand the war you must read the books of both the Bush and the Obama Administrations. This book, however, gives you the impression that the War in Afghanistan was a noble struggle to protect a people from evil. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the murder of a woman in the 1960s and the unsolved murders of many women in Texas. However, it seems to have no idea that it is illegal to murder a woman if she's already dead. If you want to read about the murders in Texas you will be better served by a book by the Texas Association of Crime and Incest Survivors, or by a good book on the topic: Texas Murders by Women 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a big disappointment.  The story is interesting and the characters are interesting but I was bored by the main character.  I would have preferred a different story.  Maybe if there was a good plot, I would like this book.  It's not that I disliked it, I just wasn't interested in the main plot.  My friends have read this book and are very disappointed.  If you like the book you should read the author's other works.  A good book should be fun and exciting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book.  I feel like I have read about 50 of the previous 50 editions of this.  The reason for this is the author's lack of research.  There are not enough references to scientific literature to back up his ideas.  He states that there is no such thing as a bad electronic device.  It does not take too long to figure out that the "magic" in the electronic device is that it is not magic at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a complete mess and the author's writing style is very inconsistent. The book starts off very slow and then gets a lot more detailed and repetitive.  The author is clearly trying to sell a book with some of the more interesting characters in it, but then he really goes over the top.  If you like "Battlestar Galactica", then this book is for you.  But if you are looking for something more light-hearted or for something with a positive outlook on life, then stay away from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a quick read on this topic, this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of interviews with writers, including some interviews that I did not know. I found the book to be very hard to read. I think the book was written by a student or someone in the industry who was not well versed in the actual writing process. This book may have helped in the creation of some of the questions that writers are asked. However, the questions themselves were not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read several books on self-help in the past and was excited to read this book because it sounded interesting.  I was disappointed because it was boring and had a lot of repetition.  If you are looking for a quick fix to the "why you can't seem to get rid of  anxiety or depression" question, I recommend the "The Anxiety Workbook" by M.G. Guilford.  The book was written by MGR. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A collection of letters from a bad writer, mostly letters from his lover.  In my opinion, the letters are more interesting than the book.  The writing style is repetitive and boring.  Not much of a plot.  If you don't like a boring book, don't read this.  I'm sure it would be a better book if it was written by a more talented author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping this was going to be a serious book. Instead, it was a laundry list of things that some of my friends and I think we know already. The chapters are full of meaningless anecdotes and tangents.   It's hard to believe this was a serious review.  It could have been done better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a work of fiction.  I was extremely disappointed with the end.  The characters are almost all flat and uninteresting.  And I don't care about any of them.  If you want a book of short stories, don't waste your time with this one.  Don't waste money on it.  It's nothing but drivel.  Go buy something more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of quotes from various religious figures and books and the author, Stephen Covey, does not make it very clear what is meant by "free speech".  He states in the book that the First Amendment protects all forms of speech, however he doesn't explain how the Bill of Rights is interpreted to protect religious freedom.  His ideas on free speech have no basis in legal history or the Supreme Court precedent.  It is extremely difficult to believe this book is based on anything other than what the author thinks it is.  I suggest anyone interested in free speech or religion read a more scholarly book on the subject rather than this one.  If you want to learn more about this topic, I recommend "The Case for Faith".  The book has many errors in it and the book has been thoroughly debunked 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disapointed.  I feel like I wasted my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does not help you understand the differences between the various types of drugs and the different types of laws. It does not explain the laws of states like Florida or California, which make it illegal for individuals to possess more than they are allowed to. In other words, it does not provide any guidelines for law enforcement personnel. It also does not give a positive review about good book: This book is not worth the money for a person to read and understand.  The author does not have an explanation of the law for most of the drugs and states that require more than the average amount of drugs for possession. The book lacks an overview of different drugs and is not a complete overview of the subject.  A good book would have an overview section with examples of the different laws that make possession of different types legal.  Overall, I was very disapointed with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment, I did not feel like it had anything to offer.  It could have been a real eye opener if it had given you some real insight into the lives of the homeless.  Instead, the author, a writer for "The New York Times", just recycled old ideas that he had read in his book "The Homelessness".  I was disappointed, but if you like the idea of reading a book that explains how poverty affects a person's life, this is a good book.  However, if you don't want to be shocked or horrified at the plight of the poor, don't read this book. I hope this book gets a better review in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a mix of fantasy, historical fiction, and romance. The fantasy was a little hard to get into the first time I read it.  But I did read the historical fiction that included some interesting historical figures and events. The romance was not very good and I had to stop reading to finish the book.  If you want to read a romance book with historical fiction or fantasy elements, try A Dangerous Book: The True Story of the Stolen Princess of Naxos. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't even find the author's name on the book, so I have to buy it again! I am so disappointed in this book.  I have read many reviews about it, and I have decided that it would be a good book to teach children about this topic.  Instead, the author teaches us the wrong thing.  Don't believe everything you read, especially if it is from a "Christian" author.  If your child does not have a good understanding of this topic, do not force them to read it.  This book does not teach children how to live life.  It is a guide for children to learn what they want to learn 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a new story with a fresh idea but this was the same as "The Big Book of Bad Advice" which was so disappointing.  The book's title is misleading since there is so much more to it than just what the author believes.  In addition to his bad advice there is a strong bias against the very idea of doing business and a great deal of his advice comes from personal experience.  For example, he tells people not to get married because they are afraid that their children will be forced to live in an apartment.  I think the book's main point is to encourage people to start small businesses and sell it for a small profit but I am very disappointed in the way it is being marketed.  If it were really written by a person with business acumen I would be more interested.  As it is, I am looking for something new 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I hated this book.  I was really hoping it was more than just another, "Bible 101" book. Instead, it was just another of those books with no real point.  There are several very well-written books on the Bible that I have read, and none of them were this one.  The book was a waste of my time.  If you are looking for some serious Bible study material, this is not the book for you.  It's not even an attempt at a Bible study book, it's just an excuse to learn some basic facts and to feel good about yourself while you do.  This book had a few ideas, but they were not well thought out, and it was hard to figure out what exactly the author was trying to do.I wish the author had just kept it to himself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read something funny and funny, read this. However, if you want something serious, read another, less-serious book: I think the book really is a work of art, but I don't think it can be called a serious work. It would be great if you would pick this book up for the story, but if you do, don't expect the ending to be as sweet as the story itself. It is quite depressing and does not come with any resolution. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was interesting and the author was informative but I was disappointed in the ending. I think it could have been a lot better.  I found the book too repetitive and I am not sure I will be able to finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is so confusing to the point where it is almost impossible to follow.  There are no examples, and very few examples are interesting.  This book is written by a layman, and he clearly is not a scientist, nor does he have any training in chemistry.  It would be interesting to see how the reader would react if this book was written by an actual chemist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with those who have pointed out that the book is almost unreadable. I have spent hours on the page trying to understand why the story was so dull.  Perhaps it is that the story, while not particularly original, is so simplistic that it is hard to take in all the details.  In this, however, there is little doubt. The characters are mostly uninteresting, the plot is almost entirely predictable, and the characters are so stereotypical that you have no reason to care whether or not they live or die.  If you are looking for something new to read, I would recommend the equally boring "The Book of Mormon" by Michael Quinn, a much better book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long, boring, dry, and boring book, which lacks the excitement of the original, but lacks the information. It lacks even the simple plot twists and turns of the book.  The author's name is not mentioned once, but his story is the only reason for the book's existence.  If you are looking for a quick and easy read, then this book is for you.  However, if you want a well written, well-written book, then please look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few years ago I read this book and found it quite hard to believe that it was the original book.  It certainly is not the most recent book on the subject of astrology, but it still is not entirely believable.  The premise, that all of the planets and their phases are the result of divination, seems a bit too contrived and implausible to me.  Perhaps there are more honest astrologers out there, but I find it hard to accept the validity of the book and the belief that it is true.  I think the book is a joke.  If the author was truly interested in this subject, he would have spent more time researching the subject, rather than attempting to write a quick and cheap book that would probably make a lot of money for him.  In fact, it seems like the author's motivation for writing this book was to promote astrology as a real science.  He would have had to find a way to disprove his book's premise and would have to explain why the planets don't fall in line with his idea, otherwise it would have been hard for anyone to believe in the validity 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little too much of a love-hate affair with the book's plot.  If you want to see what would happen if the book were real, go to the movie "The Good Guys" starring Robert De Niro.  The plot for "The Bad Guys" is more complex and the characters are better developed.  But, I still feel that this book is better suited for a high school/university level class, and it is a waste of my time.  I wish that I had not read it.  In fact, I have seen the book being used in some of the college courses that I teach. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. I have read other reviews about it which have also been negative.  I agree with the main points.  The problem is that it is not explained well.  What the author does not want you to know is that many of the stories have elements of reality and that he tries to keep you guessing as to what is real and what is fiction.  It is hard to believe that a woman was forced to kill her baby because she was raped by her husband.  If that story were real, the story of this woman and her child would have made for a great, inspirational read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn a new language, the best books are the ones with pictures and videos. If you really want to get a picture of a language, this book is a great place to start.  However, the book is not very helpful.  It is not comprehensive.  The author explains each language in great detail.  He makes a mistake in describing how to write a positive review about any book: I have read several books on the language.  I have never read this one.  This book, if you are looking for a quick reference book, is a very useful one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems like all the writers from "Bully" have forgotten the point of the book.  It is not a "trick" book. The writers are trying to make a positive book out of bullying and the victims are not always well rounded.  In this book the author claims that most victims are abused by "molesters".  The victim does not see the molesters as victims, he sees himself as being abused.  The author goes into detail about some of the cases but he does not mention that there are some cases where the victim is the abuser.  I am sorry for all the readers who read this book. I think it is very biased and the author, if he has not already lost the public trust, has now done so. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know what a woman is thinking, read this.  It is not what you think it is.  There are several things that women are thinking and one thing is that you will find a lot of references to pornography.  What is there not mentioned is the fact that a lot women are doing what they do because they want a man to buy them a book.  If your husband or husband's father bought you a book, don't blame him.  Don't tell him that you read this book because it is good because it has the information you need.  Find a book with the same title for a man's book, and you will be in better shape than you are right now 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another example of the liberal liberal nonsense. This is the same book that was cited by the New York Times as an example of how conservative writers can do a better job of writing. What a bunch of lefties. I am not sure how I can take this book seriously when the author, a liberal and a former teacher, is a right-winger. It is full of errors and the book is a waste of money. If you want to read a book with ideas that might help you, read John D. Rockefeller's "Prosperity: The Story of a Great American Business", it is a better book. But this is a book from the liberal left that can only be described as leftist propaganda. It could be worse, it might have a little more credibility. But it is not worth reading, just avoid it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst book I've read. I just could not finish it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the beginning of this book, you may find the main character a lisping, self-centered, arrogant, and narcissistic young man who has to constantly defend himself against the opinions of others.  But then, very quickly, you find out that he's actually a sociopath, who has only one desire: to steal everything from the rich and powerful, and to kill them all.  It's as if this book is trying to say that someone can be "sociopath" without having a disorder.  I mean, if he's really a sociopathy without disorder, why not just call him a sociopaths and leave it at that.  If he's truly a sociopat, why do you need to write a whole book about it?  If I were to have a sociopolitical problem with this book -- which I don't, as I think it's quite accurate -- I would have to find a better book: like one of those books that have just the right level of detail but not too much.  A better book would be a real life book, so I wouldn't have to go through all of this info on the internet.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not very clear, it is quite confusing. I really could not follow what was happening in this book. I have read several books on the topic of religion, but none have been as clear as this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know the details of the Nazi Holocaust, this is the book for you. But this is not a history book.  The Nazi Holocaust is a political and ideological event. It is also a tragedy.  It is the story of the genocide, mass murder, and extermination of over 6 million innocent people. In the same way that we can all agree that the Holocaust was a crime against humanity, we can also agree that it is an atrocity to try and describe. It's just a different form of the same thing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a long, tedious read.  What a waste of time!  I don't like books that make me feel so stupid.  I wish they would have kept it shorter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and boring and has no plot. It would be a great book for a college fiction reader to read if you are interested in the setting. However, if you really want to know the details of the story, go with "The Man from the Mountain" by Michael Crichton.  I have no idea what the hell is going on in this book.  It is confusing, it has boring characters, and the plot is too convoluted and convoluted.  For example, at one point there is a man who is a vampire who wants to kill a man and who thinks the vampire is his friend.  The plot is also too contrived.  This novel could have been very good, but it was wasted on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book I wish I had read instead of "My Friend Dahmer" - I found this to be the most boring book I've ever read. It has nothing to do with Dahmer's death and his family - there's very little to learn here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was quite interesting. I think I'm going to keep it for my library and try to read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was going to be a real eye opener, but I wasn't disappointed.  It seemed to me that some of the concepts that were covered were not very deep or new.  I guess the book could have been shorter.  Maybe if it had been written by someone who knew how to teach it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a good book on how to write a positive review about something good book: I can't imagine anyone reading this book who hasn't at least a basic understanding of the basics of creative writing. However, the author is very vague in his instructions for developing ideas, and the book is full of typos. It could use some work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all the other reviews on this book, and I agree with them. The only problem is that I just don't think this book can really be classified as "fiction" because it is so poorly written. There are so many plot holes and holes in logic that I can't help but think that it is a bad electronic device to make a book out of. There were so many examples of the writer going overboard that I couldn't really finish reading this book. It was an hour long, but I just wanted to get to the end and leave. I wouldn't say that this book is a waste of money because it was interesting enough, but if you are looking for a "how to" book, don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read much of the book, but this is an excerpt from an excellent book by a brilliant and brilliant writer.  I hope this is not a retelling of some famous play, as it is not.  This is not "The Crucible" by William Shakespeare.  Instead, it is a "revision" of it, a kind of sequel to "The Tragedy of Hamlet" by Sir Thomas Mann.  The main character, Hamlet, is a young man whose soul is not his own, but that of his father.  He is in love with his sister Ophelia and in love, or perhaps more appropriately, with her, her mother, Claudius.  What is the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelias?  The relationship between the characters in "The Tempest" by Shakespeare is much closer.  They both die at the end, and they have an eternal "dead" love affair.  And the book was called "The Merchant of Venice".  I suppose the book is called "Hamlet" because Hamlet's son, Richard, has the same name as Hamlet.  It is hard to believe the authors have not seen "The Odyssey", a classic work by Homer.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of time.  I wasted the time I needed to get a better grasp on the language of the Bible.  The book is not helpful and the author should be ashamed.  His lack of experience in writing the Bible should have been an opportunity for him to help the reader.  It is not his fault if you don't like the Bible and don't want to read it, but it is yours and I won't waste any more of your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just another example of a man trying to make a name for himself in a negative book: It's a lot of trash, not very much to read, and not very interesting.  The author is a self-published author who writes a lot on his website and is very popular.  It's time to pull the book down a notch.  I wish this book had been written by a better writer.  Don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of time.  I read it in the hopes of learning how to write a positive review about something good book: I have been a huge fan of Ron Koslow for many years now, so I was very excited to read this book and try to understand his unique way of thinking.  Unfortunately, this book failed miserably at explaining the basics of writing.  For example, he talks about how to develop an effective first draft without any references or examples.  Most importantly, he does not give you any suggestions on how to improve your work in the long run.  Instead, he recommends you just start writing.I am not sure if this book is an accurate depiction of Ron's thought process, but I do believe it could help you improve your writing skills.  But if you want to learn how to use Ron's methods to write, check out his books: The Writing Life: A Guide to Writing with Style & Writing Good Fiction & Short Stories & The Craft of Writing: A Manual for Writers & How to Get It Right & How To Write a Positive Review about a Good Book: If you like Ron Koslows, you should really try his other books:The Art of the Book: Writing by Hand, The Art of Copy Editing, & The Art & Craft of Selling a Book: The Art and Craft of Bookselling & The Bookman's Handbook: A Complete Guide to Book Publishing & Writing the Perfect Novel: A Workbook to Writing a Good Novel & How Writers Get Paid: A Book for Writers in a Medium that Matters & How Not to Be a Jerk & A Complete Reference Guide to the New Media 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book.  Unfortunately it turned out to be another attempt at explaining why some of us seem to find ourselves in such a horrible relationship with our mothers.  I was very disappointed and would not recommend this book to anyone.  Instead I would suggest some good books by Susan B. Anthony, Joan B. O'Connor, Ann Kornberg, Joan Woodbury, and others to help those who are trying to work out their feelings.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts with some nice ideas and then goes off in an entirely different direction.  It is not worth reading.  The title is a little misleading, the writing is sloppy and the book lacks any real insight.  What I really wanted was for some real foodie food bloggers to take the time to cook the recipes they are discussing in this book.  I would like to see this book published in a more timely fashion.  If I am looking for an easy recipe book to cook I will definitely avoid this one.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something new, something interesting, something that might inspire me to read more.  This book is not new, it is just different.  It's an attempt to scare you.  I really felt like I had been tricked.   I know, I am a scaredy cat.  If you are looking for something like that, look somewhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. It was an interesting read, but the author had no clue about how to write a negative book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are more pages in this book than I could count. There are no "clues" or "red flags" in this one. Instead, it's just another collection of self-help advice.  I found this book boring, repetitive, and overly-complicated.  There's a lot of "I don't know" in the advice. I recommend "The Little Book of Self Help" by Laura Escharnes instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are very few good book reviews on this one.  Don't waste your time on this book.  It's not that interesting.  If you want to read a historical novel, read a good book. I would suggest "The Book: The First Hundred Years" by Robert Caro, a true work of art, and "A Short History of the World: A Century of War, Revolution, and Revolutionaries".  I do recommend "The Bloody Versailles" by Ian McDonald.  I can't speak for other reviewers, but I have to agree with the above review.  The book is slow to get to the point, and the author is not a serious historian 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an extremely superficial look at the "history" of the Soviet Union and its development.  While the book presents a great deal of interesting information, it leaves out a lot of important details such as how the Soviet economy evolved and how the USSR could possibly be considered a socialist economy, let alone a socialist society 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a hard time understanding what I'm reading. I find it hard to believe anyone actually cares about this book. There are only two people on the page. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a woman with a big book to write. I thought this book would be helpful to me in getting through the book. I was surprised to see how little of it was useful to me. I am not an expert on this subject, but I was hoping to learn a little more. Instead, I learned about how men can be manipulated and manipulated into thinking that they have a right to rape. I learned that there is no such thing as a false allegation of rape.  I learned how to believe that a woman who lies about a rape will not be held accountable. I read the whole book, hoping to get a little better at understanding men. But instead I learned more about men's problems with women and less about the women's problems.  A book like this should not be published. It is a waste of my time. I will not waste my time with this book. It should be used for something more useful. If the author's goal is to help women understand men better, she should write a positive review about an excellent book: This book was very helpful for me in understanding the psychology behind men's behavior.  This book helped me to understand why men can falsely accuse and accuse women of rape 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very boring and has little information.  I could have done with more details.  It does not help much that it was written by a friend of the author.  The author also mentions a book by a doctor named John E. West.  This book is another very boring read.  There are some interesting information, however, on treating people with mental illnesses and also a few interesting ideas to help people with their own.  Don't waste your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In addition to being a complete bore, the book was riddled with inaccuracies. In the introduction, the author states that he is writing about his own personal experience with a sexual problem. This is a total lie. The author is a medical doctor and he has never experienced any kind of sexual problem and he is not even close to being an expert on this subject.  It is very difficult to believe the author was even remotely close to an expert.  For the rest of the book, there are so many errors and inaccuracies that I just cannot believe the book could possibly be legitimate. If you are an individual who has been sexually abused or has experienced sexual assault, please do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not an expert on any subject of this book.  The author makes some interesting observations but the book is very confusing.  It's full of examples of idiocy, misinformation, and downright stupidity.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book on and off and have had no idea what to do with it. It is a long, disjointed, very boring story of the adventures of a boy who becomes a dragon and has to go to school with his dragon.  It is not like the story I read in school.  I'm glad that the author had a chance to make the book better.  The characters are annoying, and the plot is really boring.  What's even worse is that there are several instances of spelling mistakes.  How could someone possibly finish a book like this, unless they are intentionally trying to make it as long as possible?  I can't even finish the book, let alone write a positive review about it.  There are many good books out there, but I am afraid that this one is one of the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a total rip-off of John Grisham's "The Client", complete with the same plot, the same characters, and the same style.  I was so annoyed that I just had to read it to see if it had anything to do with the John Grischam books I read as a child.  The plot is so predictable, I have to wonder if this was the writers' first attempt at a novel or if they are copying the book's structure from Grishams.  Don't bother with this book unless you are looking for a quick, easy read - it's a waste of time.  It is boring.  You won't get any plot, character development, or twists.  If you are a John Gris-man, I'm afraid this book will leave you with a very negative review.  All the plots and characters in this book are too much like Grishamm's - the main character is so bland and shallow that I didn't even care who the main antagonist was, if I was even a part of it - I was just there for the plot.  But I will say that if you like Grisamm's, it is very satisfying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a quick read that would help me with my Spanish.  What I got was an in-depth review that I couldn't finish.  I wish I could have saved myself some money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many reviews about this book and there are a few valid criticisms about it. I agree with the last criticism. I don't think the book really does explain the subject matter well enough.  The author goes into far too much detail on the various types of psychotherapy.  While the subject of therapy can certainly be beneficial and I am certainly glad someone is doing it, I do not see how anyone can really argue that a one-hour therapy session is anything more than a small group session of 10-15 people.  I do see that this book is not really a book that can be used as an introduction to psychotherapy, rather, it is a textbook on how to go about doing it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is a bit cliche but the story is really boring.  The characters are too one dimensional.  There is not enough information on the characters to know who they are.  Also there is not a lot of information on how to live in China.  If you like action then this book is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the other reviews about the book, and the general sentiment, but it would be a miracle if I could find something positive about it. The plot and characters are too unbelievable. There are too many coincidences that would make the plot seem too contrived, and too few people involved in the plot to be taken seriously 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an avid reader of fiction, and this book is nothing more than a drivel of clichs.  The story of an amorous couple and their daughter, who is being raised by the couple, is the least interesting of all the clichs in this book.  It does not have any plot and it is very boring.  I could have skipped this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of lies.  It has an amazing cover of an amazing book with beautiful photos, but it is a complete joke.  The author has such an agenda that the book will make you think he has researched the issue.  In reality, he is nothing more than a paid shill for the drug industry.  He is an outright liar.  I am now very angry with the book for its deceitful content.  His opinions are nothing more then marketing hype.  This author should be ashamed of himself for what he does.  There are hundreds of other books out there that offer a better insight into the drug issue 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just awful.  The characters were boring, the plot was weak and the plot of the book was so boring it really dragged the book down.  It is hard to believe this was written by someone who has no idea what to do with a plot.  I would have had a lot more fun with this book if I hadn't had to spend a lot of time figuring out what to read next.  If you like the book, try a book by Stephen King or Cormac McCarthy, or try a good book: It's a lot better than this one.  Otherwise this book is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, although written by a famous author, does not hold any real value for those of us who have not yet learned about the ancient world.  If you are like me, then you may be able to get a glimpse of what he was trying to tell you, but I was more disappointed in the way the book was written.  It's a long, tedious, repetitive, boring, boring book.  The only reason I was able to finish it was because I wanted to see the author finish it.  I found it hard to believe that the author really cared about his subject.  He seemed to be more interested in the fame he got from his books than the real work.  What I learned was that it is very difficult to write a book that is actually informative and entertaining.  After reading this book, I can only say that it was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete bore.  I have read it so many times, I can't really remember the details.  The plot is the worst part.  We all know the ending, but not the motivation of the characters.  It feels like the author was trying to write a long-winded, boring novel, but it was really just a gimmick to get me to buy the book.  As a former high school English teacher, I expected more from this book. I would have liked to have been introduced to some interesting characters and the plot would have been more interesting.  All in all, I could not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed with this book.  The information given is not always complete and the book is very hard to understand.  I think the book has some merit if you want to learn more about the art of Japanese woodblock printing.  But I was not able to follow the information given in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is full of clichs and half-truths.  There is nothing new in it.  It's not even the best book on Islam I have read, but it is the worst.  The author has a very negative review on the book: I thought it was interesting and insightful, but sadly it is more of a propaganda piece.  If you want to know what Islam is really like, read a negative book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of myths, inaccuracies, and lies. The author does not even have a doctorate degree in chemistry and chemistry education, but he uses the "science" of chemistry to prove the  existence of a "chemical weapon" that is capable of killing millions  of people, and that could be used by a tyrant 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I read this book, I realized it was very preachy.  But it wasn't anything new.  He is a prolific author who is often very misleading.  If you are looking for a simple, informative book on the bible, this is not it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the introduction to this book, Professor Bancroft claims that the first book of his on the history of the Jewish people was written in the mid 1950's. This is a little confusing because Bancrotts, in fact, died in 1956, but published a book in 1956 called The Jew in the Modern World 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with many of the negative reviews of this book.  I don't like the premise that people with autism have a "lack of empathy", and the "deeper meaning" behind the "tragic" situation of a child with autism.  This book doesn't even make sense.  It is full of stereotypes, and the author is quick to jump to conclusions without looking into the subject.  There are many pages that do not make sense to me and I do understand why this book is popular.  However, I cannot support this book with my money, which I spent on it.  The author should not have been given the opportunity to write this book, but should have spent the money on a good book by a good author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of errors, lies, and misinformation. I do not agree with most of the advice in the book. I would not recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting something along the lines of the great and hilarious comic strip, Puck, by the late Dr. Seuss. Instead I found this book that was very unoriginal, confusing and confusing. This is not the first book Dr. Williams has written, nor will it be the last, but this one was very disappointing. There were parts of the story that made no sense, such as the "dumbed down" explanation for the origin of the Puck-like character, the Puma. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I have been able to read this book, I must agree with the review above.  If you want to know more about what is wrong with the Mormon Church, this book will certainly help.  I agree with one reviewer that the author is biased in his criticism of the Mormon church.  It would be nice if he would explain how the church really does practice its beliefs.  What is the real Mormon Church?  I cannot say.  Perhaps it is a small part of the larger Mormon Church.  Either way, it is no surprise that a book like this can be found at BYU.  This book does not provide any solutions 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of self help books, but this one really stinks.  It was like a combination of "The Joy of Cooking" and "The Little Book of Joy."  I would have saved my money if I had read it.  The main theme is "I want a better life," which sounds like a marketing slogan to me.  There were a lot of exercises in it that I would consider dangerous, if only it was for real.  For example, the author advises the reader to remove the sponges in their food and then eat the sponge instead.  I will never do this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I'm not a fan of this book.  It is a bunch of random quotes and stories.  I can't help but think that they were given to her as a form of research.  But, at least the author was able to put together a pretty decent book, if only because she was a professional writer.  If only she could have found a way to write a positive review about an entertaining book: I think the best book in this series, though, is, "The Man Who Cried Wolf," which was published about a year and a half after this.  The book "The Witching Hour" is a must read.  This book does a great job of telling the story of a witch, and in many ways, it reminds me a bit of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo," which is a favorite book of mine.  "The Woman Who Stole the Sun" is another favorite of mine, and the author, Kate O'Connell, does a fantastic job of capturing the character's emotions, which are very human and relatable.  She even manages to get away with some pretty gross stuff, which I can understand considering how popular this book is.  For example, in "The Devil's Bride," the author shows a picture of a naked woman being attacked by an ape.  And, in the end, she shows us the body of the woman's husband, who also survived.  Not much happened in "Devil's Bride."  But the author has written a wonderful book, "Death at a Reasonable Price," which, I would highly recommend.  In addition, I recommend "Auntie's Ghosts," "The Legend of the Blue Nun," "What Do You Do?" and "A House of Horrors," for those who like to read the short stories of ghostly characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a mess.  It was not that funny.  And there were several scenes that were absolutely pointless.  I thought the story was going to be interesting, but I just couldn't see the point of it.  The characters were a mess 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to have this book for a high school or college reading assignment.  However, the only reason it is available is because the author, a conservative Christian, believes it is his religious duty to pass it on to his children.  I wish I could have given it to my kids, but I am glad it is out there for those who have not yet discovered the joys of reading.  The book is full of factual errors and false claims.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main reason I gave this book is for the ending, and the ending was not the best.  I wanted to see what the hell was going on in the rest of the book, so I kept looking.  The plot was a little predictable, and a little boring.  Don't bother if you don't like this book.  It is a bad thriller.  In my opinion, the author did not have any real ability to write well.  He should get some help from his brother, John, who is a great writer.  Maybe someday he can write a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  The plot is interesting but it feels very slow.  It's also a little heavy on the romance but I suppose this could be an issue with many of the reviews.  I have read other romance novels with a similar plot.  This one is very slow but very enjoyable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete disaster and the story lacked substance.  It would be better to not bother with the book and see what is actually out there.  The book itself was a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just as hard to understand as the rest of the books I have read.  In fact, it is so confusing that it almost made me give up on reading it.  I was also surprised when I found out that the author was a professor at UC Berkeley.  Now I am more aware of his reputation and it's a shame that this book is published by such a respected publisher.  He must have had a good idea of how to write this book because it is very easy to follow along with the text.  If you are not able to follow the text you will get frustrated and possibly not finish the book.  The book contains very little information.  There are also lots of spelling errors.  Overall, it's just a waste of time.  It's more helpful to read a good book, such as, "The American Dream" by Thomas Frank.  But, this book isn't that good.  For me to not waste my time, I must admit that this was one of the worst books I've read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time.  I do not know what the author was thinking when he wrote it.  His "history" of the World War I is a complete fabrication.  The author is a fake.  This is an example of a "historical" work that should never have been written.  Don't waste your time reading this book.  If you are interested in history you should study the real thing.  A complete fiction.  There are some interesting things in this book but the author has no respect for his sources.  He tries to make up for it with a few examples but they are not even close to real history.  It is all a big waste of money.  Buy something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea what this book is about. It's so unoriginal and unoriginal. I'm glad I didn't read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am surprised that so many people have bought this book, since it has been out of print for over a decade.  It is just the most overrated and boring book ever written.  If you are interested in "how to get rich", this is not the book for you.  There are many better books on the subject out there.  I will not waste my money on it.  The only reason I bought this is that it was in paperback and I knew it would be easy to get.  Please do not waste your money on this book.  Its not worth the money and it is a waste of time.  Good book: if you want to learn how to make money in real estate, read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will try to give the reader a better idea of the importance of the ancient Greeks and the Greek culture, but there are too many inaccuracies. The book focuses mostly on the Greeks, and ignores the fact that the Greeks did not invent all of the things in this book, but instead were a major force in the early Middle Ages. The author makes it seem like the Greeks were all very wise and intelligent, when the truth is the exact opposite. It seems like he wants you to believe the Greek civilization could have risen so quickly and developed such amazing technology. The problem is he does not understand the technology. He says the Romans invented guns and that the invention of guns led to the rise of civilization. It is a common myth that all of Western civilization came from the Romans. The fact is, the Roman empire fell and was replaced by the Byzantine empire. The Greeks were a significant part of the civilization, but not everything was Greek. The Romans had a great influence on Western civilization. The authors should not be allowed to get away with this type of book. I think they should publish it and not have it published in the  US 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book which I bought to learn more about the Middle East and also learn about my grandmother.  The book is full of false information.  A few examples are the following; Israel has the largest army in the world.  It is also the only state with a majority Christian population.  Iran has a population which is over 80% Shia.  Saudi Arabia is not the "Arabian state" as some claim.  Iraq is under dictatorship.  Syria has a large Christian population and a large Muslim population.The book also contains a lot of the usual drivel which you read in the book to help you make sense of what is happening.  I wish I had not bought it because I would have been able to make better informed decisions.  However, the book is still useful for those who want to make sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I read this book, I kept thinking "where's the next one?"  I was looking for something new, something that might give me an idea for writing my own novel.  Instead, I found that this book gives you the formula for writing a negative book.  The main problem with this book is that the author seems to have a problem with language.  He's often trying to explain something by using slang words instead of real words.  One of the main problems in this book was that the main character, who seems to be in his thirties, is constantly talking about his love of porn and the pleasures it brings him.  Another problem with the main characters is that they seem to have no real sense of morality.  I didn't understand what the author was saying until the end, when the author stated that the purpose of this book and the plot was to show "how much fun sex can be without really having sex 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a great, but it seems to be written as a sales pitch for a book by the late, great, and influential Dr. William Sears.  I will admit, I did not find his theories as plausible as others did.  But what I will never do is buy his books for a single book's worth of insight, because they are all, in fact, ideas of his.  The best, by far, is his book "A History of The American People".  I'm not saying the book is useless, because it is, but I will say it is very limited in its scope.  Sears' theory that there were so many American slaves, is a good one, and his theory that the Founding Fathers were slave owners is a very good one.  He was a pioneer in the field of historical study and history, and I wish to be clear on this point.  His theories about the founding fathers' enslavement of American slaves were correct, but are not the ones I would have chosen to explore, and to put it lightly, I will not recommend his "The Roots of American Racism" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I have read several books on this topic, and have found no single book that truly captures the complexities of this subject. This one is another example of the'silly' books out there, where the subject is not well explained. The author is an anthropologist, and the book should have been written by an anthropologists. I am disappointed that the author did not give this subject more attention. This book is a very, very long, poorly explained and somewhat difficult book.  It does not give you the answers to the questions, but does give you a lot of information to ponder on.  For example, what is a 'carcass' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is a lot of words and not much else.  There are lots of questions and no answers.  I would not have read this book if it had been less boring or not so rambling.  If you want to read a history book with a few answers and some questions to keep you reading, this is the one for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In a book with several good short stories, this one seems to be missing something.  I feel like the author is trying to make a statement that it is a book for kids, and so, perhaps, the story-telling here was more aimed at kids than adults.  If this was the case, then I was sorely disappointed in the book.  It is a sad book, however, because of its blatant attempts to appeal to adults. It has no ending, and doesn't offer any ideas for future stories.  Maybe this is a good book for adults, but for children, it is not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all of this book, and it is an atrocious book.  It takes forever to get through.  The only thing I like about it is the "discoveries" that are given, but the author doesn't really go much deeper than that.  If you want a little history, this is a good book to read, but I'd prefer to just read the real "fact" that the author is trying to debunk 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In this book, there is no mention of the existence of the nuclear family.  If this is the case, then the book is in need of an update.  It is an interesting look into the lives of the individuals who lived and lived in the nuclear era, however, it does not address the real problems that have arisen with nuclear families in the present day.  I found the text confusing and hard to follow.  The author has made a serious mistake, as he should have, by not addressing the issue of nuclear families.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not interesting or well organized.  If you want a quick read, skip the prologue, because it is boring and you will be confused.  This book is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry but I have to say I was very disappointed in this book.  I was not at all surprised when I read the positive reviews about it.  What is it about this book that so many people love and can't get enough of?  It was boring and boring.  It made it seem like a great read but not one that anyone would want to read.  Not only was it boring but it was also boringly boring.The book starts out with a nice introduction and then immediately loses the plot.  In this case, the book was about the author's book series called "The Art of Living".  There was so much of this in this one book that it was hard to get through.  The author seemed to get bored and lost interest.  He did not have a clue when to end the series.  Then, after three chapters, it just stopped.  This was a huge let down for me and for my daughter.  We were so tired of reading the book that I gave up on it.There are several reasons I give for the bad book.1.  Why the author would do something like this to himself.2.The author seemed lazy.  If you are looking for a good book, then I suggest "The Joy of Cooking".  The book could have been a great book.3. The author seems to be a little too obsessed with the food.  Perhaps I am being too critical but I do not think the author could be serious about his love of cooking.  Even though he makes it look easy and enjoyable, there are a few things he does not do well.  There is no recipe for making pasta and I will admit that I did not get the "homemade" pasta that I expected.4.The art of cooking was so dry.  Although the author does have some interesting ideas, the pictures are lacking and the book seems to forget the book is supposed to be about food and not pictures.   I thought the book would be better if the author made a few more recipes and showed some cooking.5. The book starts with an introduction and not much follows.  For example, there is no discussion on how to do the simplest recipes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like your books as novels and not short stories, then this is a good book.  It's short and to the point and not much of a plot.  However, it's not a realistic story.  If this was a novel, I wouldn't be surprised if it was better.  The characters are too shallow and forgettable.  What I got out of this was the same thing I get out of the Twilight series, which I don't have much interest in.  In short, I'm not interested in this series anymore.  I will stick with the short stories in my books.  But if you want to read a long novel, don't waste your money on this.  Don't bother with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was shocked at the number of typos in the book.  I will never buy a book by the author again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a lawyer, and it does not make sense.  I have never read anything by a "lawyer", so I cannot say how well it does.  It is quite possible that this book is simply written to help the reader learn about the law, which is a very limited purpose of a legal book.  The author makes many mistakes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was nothing more than an advertisement for some book that was supposed to be about women's rights.  As a legal advisor, I did not find the book's suggestions helpful.  It was a waste of money.  If you are looking for some real, legal, legal ways to protect yourself, do not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some of the other reviews here and have to say that I disagree with them.  I think this book is a bit too simplistic in its approach.  In fact, it is one of the worst I've ever read.  There are too many examples of bad writing and too little discussion of the ethical implications of its conclusions.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading, since the book is written by the former head of a secret society, and not a member of the Society, as stated in the title. The main reason why this book is so poorly written is that the author is a former member of this secret society. I would not recommend this book, as it does not give any information on how to become a member, nor does it contain any information as to the organization's members, nor how to make money, nor any information regarding the secret society itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was just a collection of short stories that I had read already.  I really wished I had seen this book before I read any other book.  The stories were mostly about people that I knew.  They were almost all very short stories.  Most of the people were dead and the one that remained was pretty much on the run.  In fact, the book is a little reminiscent of the book "The Wolf at the Zoo".  I am glad that it is over and done with, but it is a real shame that it has caused me to believe that all women can be like that.  Don't be afraid of women, just because they are women. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst book of the last 20 I have read.  The author did not seem to know how to finish this book.  I would never waste a book like this for the money.  It's not worth reading it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not offer a good, well researched and informative review of the book by Thomas B. Campbell.  The book is a mixture of misquotes and generalizations and the book is very biased.  In addition, the book lacks historical background and does not have much depth in the subject of American history.  It is very long, which can be a disapointing to anyone new to this area.  Campbell's book is probably the least researched and most biased book I have ever read.  I would not recommend this book to anyone who is new to American history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the other reviews before. The book is filled with spelling errors. I also had to read the end before I could even finish the book. It would be a miracle if anyone could read it and get the gist of what it is about without getting a huge headache.  But what is worse is the lack of information. I have been trying to do research for a friend's book project and found that the information available on this site does not help. If you want a book to help you get a good book review on a good electronic device, buy this book. If this book does not do what it says, then don't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I have read.  I agree with the reviews that it is difficult to believe that these people really believe that they are really that retarded.  The only reason they are able to believe this is because they are not mentally challenged themselves.  If you think you might be mentally retarded then I suggest you do not read this book.  It is full of lies, ignorance, and very difficult to follow.  One could have done without this book, and probably would have done, had I read it instead of the books written by the people who are supposed to be educating the public.  My suggestion to anyone who reads this book is not to read it.  Do your own research, or go to a good book: "The Secret Lives of the Unwanted: The Secret History of a Psychiatric Case."  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping this book would be a positive review about the book that is currently on the market.  I can't believe it is the same author that created the popular "The World Book" that won the National Book Award.  What a let down.  It is a waste of time, not to mention money.  This book is just a series of short stories with little to no insight as to what makes a good book.  The first two are fairly boring and I think the third will be no different 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There is so much of it that it's hard to know where to begin. The story is told in the second person and the main character is a little boy named Jake who is very ill.  This could have been a very interesting read.  Instead it is a mess.  The author really needs to put out more books like this.  Hopefully one or two of them are good.  I am afraid that I will not be reading them anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college for a course in philosophy. I really did not like it. I thought it was quite boring and I was quite surprised that so many people thought it a worthwhile read. The author seemed to have no clue as to what he was talking about.  It is a shame that this book was published, since I know a lot of philosophy professors that would have liked it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a great book but it lacks the realism, intelligence and sense of humor that is needed in today's era.  It was a very slow read and many people could not finish the book.  I would not read it if I had any doubts of the author's intelligence and ability to communicate with the reader.  The ending was a complete disappointment and it did not feel like the book was truly ending.  Hopefully this is a sign of good things to come 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are too many "facts" in this book.  Many are incorrect, or not based on historical evidence.  I was very disappointed to see this title, since I have read many books on this topic.  This is a complete waste of time, and I hope the author and publisher are not trying to sell copies to the general public 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's full of nonsense, it's full, it doesn't make sense.  I could have done without this book.  If it is the book, it should be written with a better understanding of the issues.  This book is full of lies.   It was written for entertainment, for the entertainment of religious conservatives.  It is full, full of distortions, it is full and it is NOT worth the money to purchase it.  The book, at least the first half, is full lies.It's also full of very bad book reviews.The book review is a rant, but it's also a very interesting book review because it talks about issues of faith and it talks specifically about the problems of faith.  For the record, I am a Christian.  My main issues of concern in this book are the problems with the Book of Mormon.  Unfortunately, the book reviewers have a lot of opinions, but a few are reasonable.  One reviewer mentions the book as a great book.I can only recommend this book as entertainment, not as a good book. I wish the authors would have stopped before they began.  They should have read some actual books that are not full of misconceptions and lies 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not pleased with this book.  I have read a lot of books on religion, and I am an atheist, and have seen some of the documentaries, and the author's opinions on religion are often very confusing.  But this book is not helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very long book, with many passages which are repetitive and which are hard to follow.  It was a little frustrating to have to spend half an hour on a section in order to understand it.  Also the book's title, "Mysterious Mind", is misleading, since the book is not all that mysterious.  I'm not a psychiatrist, so I don't have a firm opinion on this, but the book definitely could have been clearer.  But at least I had a good book to read, which was more in keeping with the theme of the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in my 50s.  I read a book about a man who gets himself arrested and charged with a murder.  How does this book go from the idea of the man being arrested to the idea that he is guilty?  The book does not explain this.  It just goes from there.  And what a horrible book to read.  If I were looking for a book to help me, I would not waste my money on this.The author is the author of the book "The Murder Trial".  He is an extremely poor writer.  In this book he clearly tries to make his readers think that he knows something that they do not.  He tries to use this book as an excuse to try to sell his book, and that is not a good book to sell. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with most of the negative reviews about this book. I am also not a fan of writing about political topics, and I am not familiar with all of the details of the war in Afghanistan. However, the book was not interesting to me and I had to finish it because it was the first one I had read for this class.  It is an excuse to not read a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are no "real" recipes in this book.  The recipes are basically just for the food, which may be OK for some, but not for me.  In my own cooking I have found recipes for "lots of ingredients", which are basically recipes for the "stuff" in a bag.  I was not impressed with the recipes for fish sauce, which was an ingredient that I did not know what it was.  Most recipes are simply for marinades.  Also, the book lacks recipes for things that are traditionally Japanese.  My own Japanese cooking has included some interesting things, but I don't think I would have found much if any of the recipes in the book if I had not had the book in hand.  Overall, the recipes are not that interesting and they are too short, which is a problem when trying to make a book about a foreign cuisine 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As is usual with the author's books, there are many errors and errors in the text. There is one example of a mistake in the book that I have to explain as to what it is. I believe it was the book's title that caused the error. The title of the book says "A Brief History of the English Language", which is a little misleading. If you take the book as a history, it says "English". If you read the book at all, read the first chapter.  If you want to learn about the language, I would suggest not getting the book and reading the first three chapters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a huge fan of this book.  I have read the first three and found it a bit tedious.  However, I was very surprised to find it so dull.  Not only was it boring, but it was a complete waste of time.  It has all the makings of a dull book. - the characters are just so-so, the plot is predictable, the ending is a little contrived, etc.  There are some great pages, but they don't amount to much.  The whole book was really not worth the time I spent reading it.  Don't waste your time reading this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the first half of this book, and was so very disappointed.  In fact, I was so disheartened that I wanted to take a look at the book cover to see if I could find any hints about how to improve this book.  I really thought it would be a wonderful introduction to this topic for someone who has not read any previous writings on the topic.  What I found in this book was a very confusing and not easy to follow guide.  The authors seemed to be in total denial about their own ideas.  There were no references at all to anything by Stephen Covey.  This is very disappointing and I feel that the authors should be ashamed of themselves.  If they have learned anything from this book they should quit and start writing about something that actually makes sense and is interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a good book to read in the fall, skip this. It is full of boring history and vague ideas. The book has a few ideas, but most are really just recycled from previous authors. If you want to learn a lot more about the history of the United States, go to a good history book. This book does not really offer any new information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of spelling mistakes, which makes it hard for a child to understand.  The characters seem to have no personality and the story is boring.  It was disappointing to see the author's first book, which was more popular than this.  This one is not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame that this is a book written by a woman who could not even spell the word "homosexuality" correctly.  I was expecting a more intelligent, interesting and entertaining book, but instead I was utterly disapointed.  The writing is very basic and lacks any kind of insight or analysis.  If you want to know more about homosexuality, then please go to the excellent book "Gay Rights & Human Rights" by Judith Regan.  This book is a waste of money and time, and the author must be very depressed that she wasted so much time with this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most boring book I have read in a long time.  The only thing that kept me from giving it a 1 star rating is because I have to read it again and I want to finish it.  I was disappointed with the ending, and I have not been able to finish the book.  It is full of mistakes and I was frustrated that I wasted my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring that I could have skipped it.  If you are interested in the "how to" of using electronic devices and/or computers you may want to skip this one.  I was hoping for a more detailed discussion on how to set up a PC from scratch.  The information in this book is vague.  There are lots of references to articles on how-to's but very little specific.  This was a waste of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of information, but there is very little that is actually relevant to the current state of affairs in the Middle East.  If you want to learn more about the situation in the Mideast, read a more general overview of the issue from the "New York Times".  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a bad review  but I was expecting more from this book.  It doesn't have any of the details that the book's description claims.  I would have preferred to read a book called "The Book of Secrets".  In fact, it was very disappointing to see the title of this book used as a catch phrase in the book.A book called The Book of Secrets could have been a real gem if it could have included more details of how the military is used to protect its own personnel and its secrets.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you haven't read this book, it is recommended that you do.  It's full of the same old stories with characters that don't seem to have any reason to be there.  I won't go into all the details as they're pretty much all mentioned in the book, but it's a waste of your time.  This book would have been much better if it focused on one character who has a reason to exist.  If only I had read this instead of the two that I have.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am no expert on the history of Islam. I do however have a general idea. The main problem here is that this book is poorly researched.  I have read many books on the subject, none better than this one.  What is clear from this book however, is that Muslims in Europe were, to some extent, religious, and that this fact led to violent persecution.  This is certainly not the story of Muslims in America today 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't even describe it. It's just so depressing.   The characters are not likable.  The plot is unoriginal.  I don't know why it's so hard to get through this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a bit of a slog for the average reader to go through this book. There are very few examples of how to make a good electronic device. The most basic one you'll see is a cassette player that costs $50.00 at Radio Shack.  The only other one I have seen is a piece of plastic covered in rubber that is used to store MP3 players.  It is the kind of thing that takes an enormous amount of time and effort to get right. It's the kind that will get you fired, or lose you a lawsuit 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many biographies of writers and other creative people, but this one was absolutely, absolutely, unforgivably disappointing. I mean, just look at the title: The Writer's Journey. I really didn't expect that!  I really did not know what to think until the last paragraph of the book.  I mean the whole thing just seemed to be very long, wordy, confusing, and disjointed.  The book is full of typos, and some of the sentences were almost unreadable.  It is not worth the money if you can't understand it.  And the author's own words are just as confusing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that tries to explain what a woman wants in life - a man with money and a good house, a nice car and an impressive career - is in dire need of more detail 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and have never understood it.  I agree with some of the other reviewers.  What I do not understand is that the author is making it all up.  If you are looking for a simple book, don't buy this one.  The book is full of references to the "other" books in the same series.  It is more like a book of recipes than a book that explains a complex concept 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very long, and it was very confusing.  The main character (a young woman) is being stalked by a dangerous ex-boyfriend.  He is a killer, and she does not know how he got away from her, but she does know that he has made up stories of how he did not kill her.  What could have been a promising book turns into a long, confusing, pointless rambling exercise in the psychological effects of stalking.  It is an insult to the readers who were expecting something much less pretentious and more approachable.  If you want to read a very dry, boring, and tedious book with little plot, a long list of acronyms, and lots of confusing passages, look elsewhere.  I wish I had skipped this book and read something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a positive review about this book: Well written. I think the author had some interesting ideas, but I don't think his characters lived up to his expectations. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the books on this subject. I have no idea what this is all about.  The book is full of misinformation, and many of the statements are downright ridiculous. I will not be spending any time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is the worst book I have ever read.  I was hoping for a book with more insight.  The book does not even attempt to be interesting or well written.  It makes the story sound like a dull drippy tale of someone who did not even finish school and was not interested in the material.  This book is a complete waste of money.  If you want to read about a good book for money, look up "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book for anyone who is planning a trip to Europe.  I think it is very overrated.  A lot of the info is outdated.  There is so much information out there that I think this book could be a great guide for those who are interested in a trip 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is an overrated book, mainly because of the author's pretentious and boring approach. I was really looking forward to reading a real book with a more serious, but less pretentious approach.  I was disappointed.  The story is boring.  It is too much like the typical YA. I will skip it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the other reviews.  I think the main point of the book is that there are many different kinds of religious belief. I agree that there is an evolution of belief in some religions. However, I think this book tries to be too inclusive and too simple. The book is extremely condescending to believers in the Bible.  The book does not really address the problem of how religion can be used as an argument against evolution.  It is almost as if this is a matter of religious liberty that needs to be defended.  One example of this is the use of the Bible as an example of "the bible is true". I don't agree with this because it assumes that God has always been a monotheistic God.  There is also the problem that the author seems to assume that there could be no God in the past.  This is also a problem with the book. I think that the book has been written by a fundamentalist and would suggest that this would be a good book for Christians to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As I said in my review of A Short History of Madness, this book is an exercise in trying to make the reader feel that it is really the same thing as what the reader knows is really going on. The only reason anyone would bother to read this book was to get an idea of how this society has changed in the past few hundred years.  What really goes on in this society is so far away from what it seems like, it is actually a miracle that anyone would read this as a true account of the past.  If anyone would ever take a serious look at this book, they would realize that it does not even provide any proof that the American people are actually a very sickly and depraved race of people.  The author, who is apparently a psychiatrist, is actually more interested in making a point than actually explaining what is really happening in this country.  In his attempt to make his point, he has written an entire book that is nothing but the same old old myths, prejudices, and misunderstandings.  We will never learn what really is happening in America unless we read his book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very boring book, not funny at all. The plot was quite predictable, not even funny.  I would have given it a 2 stars if I knew it was a book.  It's a shame that someone thought this was a serious novel.  Maybe a student of J.M. Cooney's. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  I would not recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading and understanding historical fiction.  It is very hard to relate to this book, because the characters are so unoriginal.  The characters are just too much like the ones in the books of Henry VIII, Mary, and Jane, and the plots are almost completely predictable.  This book reads like it was written for someone with no knowledge of the English language.  If you are a fan of Tudor novels, this book is a complete waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very difficult to read and not all that descriptive.  It is quite boring to the point of being boring.  If you are looking for a book to learn how to make and eat fresh pasta and are interested in making it from scratch, I recommend The Art of Pasta by Tom Palmer.  But for those looking for something easy and fast to prepare pasta then this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very long book with many confusing diagrams and illustrations. I couldn't understand what I was reading. The first half of the book seemed to be a collection of facts. I have to say that it's very hard to know when to stop reading. You may find the information you are looking for if you continue to read and it will be too late 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the most poorly written books I have read. It's not worth the time to read.  If you have not read the Harry Potter series, do not read this book.  The plot is a little confusing, and the characters are not developed enough.  Don't waste your money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author of this book has never been a professor at an Ivy League college. The book starts off with a great idea - a college professor who can't do mathematics. I don't see how that is a success.  He spends too much time on the problems and doesn't give enough solutions.  I had to finish the book in three days to get through it.  But it's a bad math book, it's not a good book to read for an upper-middle class American 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I was even given this book was because I am a member of a group who read it and it was a good book.  The rest of it, I had to go through the back of the book to see the original content and I couldn't make out what was there, I just kept wondering what the hell was going on.  This book is not for anyone who has any interest in the case or just wants to read the opinion of someone who is willing to say that the defendant did something.  It is more like a guide on how to make a negative case against a bad electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was full of pointless and meaningless platitudes.  It has little or no redeeming value and certainly does not belong in the Bible.  I do not recommend it for anyone, even if they are Bible study enthusiasts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has all the hallmarks of the typical "women's health" book: it is not particularly original and, as usual, lacks the depth to address issues women in the US might be facing in their daily lives 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As usual, this book is full of self-indulgent, self-righteous, and shallow rhetoric. It is a waste of time and a waste your time to buy it.  If you don't know the difference between "a positive review about something good book: I just finished reading this book.  I agree with some of the points.  However, there is one main flaw that I cannot abide.   What a man can do for himself is always something he should not do for another.  In the end, the book is very much based on "theory" and not on real life.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a joke, and there is very little info on the book.  It has some useful ideas for people with diabetes, but there is no information on dosages, insulin, or insulin resistance.  I read it and found that many of the books I was looking for in books like this.  If you have diabetes or know someone with diabetes and don't have the book, get a copy of the book by someone else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I paid over 100 bucks for this book.  I didn't like the story or the character so I bought it.  What happened to all the good book reviews I read in the 90s?  It's just another "urban fantasy" novel.  Don't waste your money on this book!  If you like urban fantasy or are in need of a short novel, read "The Witching of the Liars" by Cassandra Clare.  If your looking for a long, epic fantasy novel, buy "A Prince of Thorns" by George R. R. Martin.  It is more original and has far more plot and character development.  The author did not even bother to do the research for this novel. It is basically just a compilation of his blog posts.  Oh well 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  I am not a fan of the books I have to read to stay abreast of the world.  It is a waste of time and I have had to skip some chapters.  My suggestion is to read the book by the American author, Edward St. Andre. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  As a former teacher, I know the value of the research and analysis required to bring a new book to a new audience. Unfortunately, this book lacks both. In addition to the information I already knew from the book, I also was shocked to learn of the lack of historical context.  It is as if the author was simply looking for a book to present for his class. It is a shame that the author of this book had to have such a negative opinion about his book.  I wish he would have reworked his writing to make it more accessible to a broader audience 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with other reviewers that this book is a total waste of time and that it really does not belong on the shelf of a children's book author.  The book is written like it is written for the purpose of teaching children.  It's really not a lesson book, it's a self-help book.  I would not recommend this book for children who are trying to learn about depression or mental illness because it is really not that great of a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  There are very few things in life that are more boring than talking about a dead man's funeral.  If you are interested in what happened to Captain James McManus, you should go and read about Captain William McCleary's funeral, which is a wonderful story that happened almost 100 years ago.  But this book is an absolute mess.  It does not have an interesting story, and it does not really address the main problem of how Captain McManous was killed.  He was killed in the war in Haiti.  The book tries to explain away the circumstances, but it really doesn't, so it doesn't make much sense.  In addition, the author makes the mistake of trying to make the McManuss family look like the bad guys.  This is the worst thing I've ever read.  I found it boring and it was really a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe it.  I thought it was a fascinating read but this is a bunch of uninteresting, repetitive, and uninspired stories, not worth the money.  Maybe if I could get some advice from someone who read it and liked it I could improve my rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a longwinded tale of the misadventures of a spoiled rich girl who becomes an adult, who becomes a prostitute, who dies, who gets remarried to a rich man.  There are no characters to relate to, no plot to care about.  If you want to read a story that can make you laugh and cry, you might try the novel "The Last of the Real Ones".  If that book does not satisfy you, don't waste your money on this one.  I found this book boring.  It would have been much more interesting to see the character development of the author and to see how this young girl came to do the things she did.  She was boring.This book was written by a woman with a bad reputation.  This was not a book I'd recommend for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be boring and I couldn't even finish it because it was so much boring.  There are only 5 pages worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A really, really boring book.  I had to put it down.  The author really had no clue how to write a positive review about something that doesn't belong to her.  If she had just taken the advice she got from her bookwriting classes, she would have had something much more interesting.  You would have seen something with a greater plot, a greater character development, and more character development than what you got in this book. You wouldn't be reading the same story over and over again.  She should try writing a positive book, because it seems to be the only thing she can write.  What she did with this one, however, is a big mistake.  Don't waste your money on this book, if you can find something better to read.  It is a waste of time, and I'm sorry I wasted my money on it.  This book just gives you an excuse to waste time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have given this book a more honest review if it had provided me with any information. I read this book on the recommendation of a good bookseller (I don't even know who he was).  I was completely turned off when I realized the book was full of unsubstantiated and sometimes completely fabricated information.  There was very little in the way of "evidence" in the book to suggest there was any truth to the stories.  The authors are guilty of writing a bad, unsubstantified book.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has several errors.  It contains references to other books, but does not refer to them.  For example, it is mentioned that the book on the English-speaking world, which is available from the same publisher as this book, is available on the World Wide Web.  The author is a foreign student, so I assume he must know his subject, but not by the name.  A first edition could have been improved by including more of the original text in the book.  I am sorry to say this, but the book is not as informative as I thought it would be 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a really boring story, but it's not hard.  I couldn't finish it.  It would be great to have something new, like the classic  Alice in Wonderland.  If you are looking for a quickie, or even something that has some  interest, look somewhere else.  The writing is not as crisp as it could be, and it is a little hard to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will say that I am a fan of Peter Parker and have read almost every comic book he has appeared in.  I was not sure how I would feel about this one, but the plot was not too hard.  The plot was certainly not for the reader's age.  He seems to have a hard time showing his emotions.  However, there are a lot of clichs and clichs are not all that rare in stories.  If this book had a different ending, I would have read it.  It was not that the story was hard or hard to understand.  This was a very boring story.  What I expected was a lot more action and some good fight scenes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so disappointed in this book.  I found it to be very difficult to understand, and I was constantly looking for more examples to support the ideas.  It's just a list of words that I can't understand.  The ideas are really hard to understand if you are a novice in this field 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of old wives tales. The characters are all stereotypes.  The plot is very predictable.  There are some very confusing passages in this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting some serious insight on how to write a positive review about an excellent book: I have to say this book, though not quite as exciting as some of the others I've read, still has its charms.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the first few pages really were a letdown.  It just didn't do much for me, the kind of "instant" read that really takes some effort to pull off 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read this book and it was HORRIOUS.  There were several instances where I thought the author had a mental illness and I thought it was for a good reason.  I would have to say that this book is not suitable for someone with mental illness.  The author, although well written, was very boring and did not have any redeeming points.  If you have a mental health issue or want to improve your life, I suggest not reading this book.  It would be great if the author was able to write a positive review about something good book: I loved this book!  It was funny and funny, and the characters were well done.  However, it was very over the top.  Don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. I think it is overly sentimental and romantic. I will not be reading this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just didn't get what the book was about.  I'm a first-time reader and I did not understand the topic until the end.  The plot was boring and I had to put it down.  If you want to learn about the history of the U.S., look elsewhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the others in the negative review. The book is not well organized and the author does not make it easy for the reader to grasp all the information needed to make sense of the book.  I would recommend instead: "The Drowning of the Lids" by Paul F. Tompkins.  It is an incredible story and an essential read for anyone who enjoys horror and/or urban fantasy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a bad feeling about this book. I have read it in its entirety and cannot see how it can possibly be good. I was disappointed and disgusted when I read the first few chapters. I am also a huge fan of "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Surviving a Long and Wild Trip", which I think is a very good book.  This book does not deserve its reputation and I am ashamed to have been the one to buy it for the sake of my daughter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In the beginning of the book, the author states that he's a big fan of John Milton and John Ruskin. However, by the end of the first chapter, the reader is reminded that John Milton was also a socialist and a socialist is not a bad thing.  However, the rest of the novel is full of inaccuracies, such as Milton's quote claiming that he had "a very high opinion" of the free market.  Milton actually was a member of the Socialist Party and was a leader of its American section.  The author also quotes Milton saying "I think we should not interfere with capitalism. I think we ought to abolish capitalism".  If the reader was looking for a book that had a positive review about Milton and the Socialist movement, this is the book for you.  If Milton's ideas had been correct, the government would not be necessary and the economy would not exist today.  It is sad to see a great book, such a great work, being misrepresented. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a tendency to be overly descriptive.  If I were a child I would not have read this book.  I'm a college student, so I didn't see any of this.  Most of the information was hard to understand.  This is not an easy book to read.  It was hard for me to understand what the author was talking about.  One of the biggest problems I have with this book is that it does not provide enough information for you to be able to make a positive decision about a good book. This book is full of great ideas, but it doesn't provide enough clarity to make any decision about what you should do or not do.  The author talks about the importance of buying this book for your child.  In the past year I bought this book, and I was not able to read any of the suggestions.  What do I know about gardening?  How much do I have to know about vegetables?  I could have used the tips given in this book to make more educated choices when I purchased my first vegetable garden 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is full of quotes from the bible, the New Testament.  I found the story too contrived.  It's not about Jesus at all.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors and has a negative view of the Jewish people. I found it very difficult to understand the Holocaust because of this.  I am very disappointed with this book. I will never buy another book from the publisher.  The publisher should have had the book read by an expert in Holocaust studies. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A typical author's mistake.  Too much of a general topic.  There was not enough detail for the average reader 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  The author seems to want to put everyone in his world, and not necessarily their actual selves.  I would have rather had a good book about a good electronic device: use your brain.  And if you really want to know what the heck is going on with your computer, buy "Computer System Architecture" by Bruce A. Anderson, M.E.A. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very confusing.  Many of the pages are completely devoid of information.  Most of the pictures in this book are very similar to those in "The Art of Making the Perfect Sandwich" by Stephen Roach.  It is almost as if the author had taken Roach's recipe and used it as the basis for this book.  If you do not like Stephen Roan's book, please do not buy this book!  It will be a waste of your time.  The pictures are interesting but not well illustrated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another book by a feminist author that tries to make her point without offering any real argument. I was hoping that this book would be different from the previous two. Unfortunately, it's not.  I thought this book was a useful introduction to the feminist movement.  However, I was disappointed. The only thing I can say for sure is that there are a lot of misconceptions about feminism in this book.  If you're looking for a book that gives you a deeper understanding of feminism, I would suggest a book by Susan Brown.  
