Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is terrible. I have a Lenovo Yoga Book which has an SD card reader and a mouse but the screen is a nightmare. My main issue is the keyboard and the touchpad. The touchpad is not at all responsive. My fingers go straight to the mouse button and the keyboard takes a while to register a key press. I'm sure there's a fix but the device just isn't as good as the Yoga Book.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mandy from Love the quality of this product! I'm using this for my new laptop. It's a beast of a machine. I really love the quality and the design. I wish it came in a color that matched my computer and other accessories I've bought!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is one of the first items I bought from e-bay, and I have to say I'm not impressed. The battery lasted for about 3 days and then it stopped charging. The thing has a nice feel to it but it's just not very powerful. I guess that's what you get for trying to make a laptop look like a computer from a cell phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!   The first thing that went wrong was that I was unable to download the audio file. The software would not even acknowledge that the software was unable, and I have the software to myself. I have tried every possible option from trying to restart my computer, to deleting the program.   I will not purchase this item again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this was a horrible purchase and very disappointing, it works well in the sense that it can be used as a basic phone and it does it very well.  It's just a poor choice of name, the company is named the Bose, so maybe I shouldn't have been so shocked to find out that it was a bad product.   Product Rating: 3.0/5
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 3 months now, and its just not up to snuff, the screen is very dim, theres no speaker on it, and it has a really bad build quality. i can only hope this gets better.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product to help my son who has Cerebral Palsy, which causes him severe pain in his arms. He can't reach anything. The motor is good, but he has to be careful when he moves his fingers or the arm moves in a circle. I wish it had a more durable frame to make it last longer.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iphone 5s and iphones 4s are great devices.  You don't need to pay top dollar for an iphono to get great sound.    I think iphonos should be able to compete with high end headphones and iaxis, but that's probably just me.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Nice headphones The first pair of iphons I have owned were the Audeze E7's and they were good, but a little thin and the sound was a little dull. These are better than the Audes and they're much better looking. The bass is very nice and the mids and highs are much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these in the past, but this is by far the worst. the only thing i like about it is the fact that its rechargeable. but the battery will die in less than a year and you need to get a new one if you want to keep using this. i dont think its worth the money
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my evolv2 for about a year now and it has been very good but my last one had a battery that died after a year of use and the unit was very dirty so i replaced it with a new one that has lasted 5 months. my only issue is i cant really get the touch screen to work well so i dont use it very often but if its a very basic use device that only has a few apps on it then it should be ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing does not do anything, i use it all the time for the wireless charging and it isnt even fast enough to charge it. I would only recommend this for the "quick charge" feature. The battery lasts about 2.5 hours of normal usage, so it's pretty weak, but it has wireless charging so it can be used as a portable battery.  I've been looking for something like this since I heard about it and this is it.  This thing is awesome, I can charge the phone in just 5 minutes, so I can use it on the go and also charge my phone on the plane.   So far I'm happy with it, but there are still some things I would like to change:  I'd like the battery to last longer, I also would like the wireless charger to charge from both the phone and the charger, and the "Quick Charge" feature, if there is one.  I am very pleased with this product, I'm going to buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used this computer for the past two years and I have no complaints. However, it is very difficult to use in certain situations. When I need to record a video or take a screenshot, it takes me too long to open the case. I would have liked the ability to remove the battery from the top for quick charging and this computer would have been a lot easier to use.  The only downside to this computer is that I have a Dell XPS 13 which is more powerful and faster. I have been waiting for the new XPS 15 and I will wait until the new model is released.  the XPS15 will be more powerful, I think that the X1 Carbon is the new best. If you are looking for a new laptop, this is the one. I am glad I got one.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this mouse for about 2 years now, and ive never had any problems. the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because i wish they had more colors. i really like this mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality on this unit is horrible. The sound coming out of the speaker is just as if I'm listening to a car stereo. The bass is bad and the mid range is good. The high end is fine. I have the iPhone and this unit doesn't even compare to that. If you need a phone to listen to music on the go I would pass on this one. If I could rate it lower than a 1 star I would. I just want something that works and I'll never buy another brand again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, January 25, 2012  This is my first purchase from Audio Technica and I must say that the purchase was worth every penny! It is the perfect headphone for traveling. I am using it with a Sony BMG stereo and the bass is amazing, very tight, clear, and crisp! The soundstage is very large and well defined, I have never seen or heard such clarity and clarity in my life. The headphone works great with music or just being outside! I highly recommend this headphone and highly recommend the Sound Blaster Recon3D software and the Sound blaster X-Fi HD and the sound quality is fantastic!  Review of DJY Review by John P. Purchased this headphone to use while traveling, it is the best I have heard. It has a great bass and great mids. It is very easy to use, plug it in and play. It sounds great for games. Very happy with this purchase.  the sound is great  great for traveling  no noise  and the usb port is a plus  was very pleased  Noise Reduction  I was very pleased with the sound. I purchased this headphone because I am a recording artist and music lover. The quality of sound is very nice. I was also pleasantly surprised by the sound reduction features, which allowed me to reduce the level of background noise to a level I could tolerate. I like the fact that I can now use my computer without having to adjust the volume. - David B. .  I used to travel with my trusty RHA Studio Pro (RHA is a very good headphone brand) and it was very good but the sound was too tinny and didn't have that crisp bass. I also had to adjust my headphone jack to make it work with my computer. The Sound Blaster headphones did not have the same sound quality but they were a little more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The unit has two buttons. I use it to control my television. It is not very intuitive and takes some time to learn. It does the job, but not as well as a cable remote. The picture quality is excellent. If you are looking for a cordless remote with a cord for your television, then this is a good unit. If I had one complaint about the unit, it would be that the buttons are not easy to use. I have had trouble with my wife having a difficult time using the remote to switch between channels. I don't know if it is a function of the device or a function in the programming, but I found it hard to program channels in that I have used.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***********************I have a Dell XPS 13 with a Core i7 processor. I bought it new for about $800 (the new model has a Core 2 Duo processor). It runs a little slow, but still more than I can handle on my home network. After two weeks I was still having trouble with the wireless connectivity, but I fixed it by setting it to the lowest available channel and then disabling wireless. It worked great, but now I am having a hard time connecting to the wireless network in the living room, even when using the "auto-identify" feature. I checked the router settings and tried to make sure the DHCP settings were correct, but it still won't connect. My connection is about 30 feet from my router, so I don't think it is the cable modem. I'm on a very long distance. I also don't have an ethernet port. I know this is a new router, but this is frustrating and annoying. I think this router should come with a CD that tells you how to do the settings and how to set it up, because it just doesn't work. I really like my XPS, but at this price it's just not worth the hassle to fix it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this monitor for my kids, ages 2 and 4, after they got a computer for Christmas. I bought this to help teach them how to use a computer (which I think they're doing just fine) but it is a bit bulky, so I just use a cheap laptop monitor for their computer.  The kids love it, but I don't love the size, it's big for them.    It's a good monitor, but it's a bit big for the kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It is a very good product, but if I had it to do over again, I would have had a second battery with it. The first one was dead after 2 months and I couldn't get any replacements. I tried 2 new batteries from my local store and was told that they weren't any good either. The second one I purchased through Amazon, works just fine. However, I can't believe that they won't replace the defective one. I don't like having to carry two batteries around. I just wanted to give this product 5 stars but I can tell that I'll be returning it. I would rather have the 2nd battery than having to buy two new ones.  I was looking for a way to charge my iPhone on my bike and this is the perfect solution. This thing is so easy to charge and the battery lasts for a very long time. The only thing I have to say about it is that I wish it came with the charging cable because the one they included is too short. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a  Pioneer CDJ-2000nexus  and this thing is awful! The quality of the sound is bad. I can't imagine the quality of this unit for $350. It just doesn't sound good. The sound is muffled, not rich. The knobs have no sound when pushed and it's a pain to use. I tried to get it to work but it just doesn' make any sound. I am very disappointed with this purchase and I don't see myself ever buying another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is the best I've ever used. The sound is perfect. I love the fact that it doesn't have a battery life indicator. The only thing I would like to see is a USB port. Other than that, I highly recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I first got this I was amazed how well it worked. It's just that simple and works as advertised. However, after using it for about a month I have noticed that it is no longer as reliable as it used to be. When I plug in my external hard drive the hard drive is always reporting an error. It usually takes at least an hour to get it to work again. And after using this I have to replace it because the internal drive was getting hot and eventually blew up. The other problem I had with this unit is that it doesn't work well with an old computer. I use a desktop computer that's 10 years old and it still isn't stable. It also doesn't take up much space in the house.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is my first wireless router and it has been a total failure. When I plugged it in, the wifi immediately went out, even when I tried to connect through the wifi card on my router and after a few tries, the router wouldn't connect. It was a really quick turnaround but the router has been useless since. I'm going to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     When you buy this you are making a commitment to it for a very long time. The battery life is not good, the design is terrible, and the user interface is horrible. I have used the device for over a year now, and I have no idea why it would be included with a tablet. It is a waste of your money and I do not recommend it. I recommend a different company for a better product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this for years, and it is the worst piece of gear I've ever used. The sound is terrible, the buttons are tiny, the build quality is poor, and the batteries don't last long. It will never replace my old iPod. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little earbud I have this for the past 2 weeks. I bought it because it was cheap and has good volume. The thing is great. I haven't had a problem with it yet. It's very easy to use and has great volume and sound.  Rated 5 out of5 by Anonymous Anonymous from Perfect Earbuds For a great price, this is the best earbuds I've used. They are very comfortable and well built.  for the price, they are great. the sound quality is excellent. i use these everyday and love the volume they have. i also use them as a Bluetooth headset. the cord is long enough for all day wear. the only downside is that the cable is very short. it is very hard to use with one hand because it can't be pulled tight enough to hold your ear at a perfect level. so that is a little annoying. all in all, i would definitely recommend these for a great buy. i only wish they came in a longer length.  of course, the cable does have a short length. I have to tighten it to hold my ear in the right place, otherwise it is hard to keep my ears in the perfect position. it does make for a comfortable, long-term use of the earbears. i use these as a wireless headset. i can use them for phone calls and it has a great sound. it also has a very good battery life. i don't use the headphone jack for anything else than phone calls. I love the design and build quality. The battery lasts for about 8 hours. The noise cancelling feature is great and very useful. I like the idea of being able to use them at the gym and also being able use them to listen to music. I really like the volume adjustment. The only thing that I wish they had is a longer cable. If you want an affordable pair of headphones and want a sound that's good but not great, you will not be disappointed with these earbuddy earbuddies.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have a few of these, they all suck, the first one I bought didn't work, and I sent it back. I was told that it was due to the "mismatch" in the cable, and it was repaired but the second one still wouldn't work. I would say this is a bad unit for a lot of people and it's probably not worth the price. If I had to choose one of these over a decent product I'd go with the TRS-80 or maybe the Atari.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this product a year ago because of the features. However, I found out that this device is very unreliable and that I had to purchase a replacement device after the first year. I bought a new one from another site, and the other device works perfectly. This one is unreliable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this a couple of times, but once the batteries died i gave up. now i dont want to give up my $200+ ive spent on this.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good value I'm on my second one so far. They seem to work well. I like the touch screen for selecting the power mode. I can change the brightness from the front panel. Also, I think the cord is pretty long, but I'm not sure I'm going to use it to the full extent. It's nice to have a light in my kitchen and the lights don't bother my eyes, but it seems to be more of a light on the wall for a couple hours. I'm happy with it so far!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an electronic device and has a lot of functions. The first problem I had with it is that there is no battery cover on the bottom. So it is not really protected and it will break off if you don't keep a good hold on it. Also the button is so small and not easy to press. I would have preferred a larger button to replace the small one. It doesn't take much pressure to push the button. I am using the device for gaming and it does it's job but for me it is just a toy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this product a couple times and it's just an absolute pain to use. it will literally take 2 to 3 minutes to switch between your different functions and it takes about 4 seconds to start playing music. i had to stop my music after playing about 3 hours of my playlist because i was stuck in a loop and it just made my ears hurt and it was annoying to play music while this thing is running on your computer. not a good buy, it will just slow down your computer speed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The unit is fine, but the price is outrageous. The only thing I like about it is the battery, but I have a 7 year old device.!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device for about 2 years now and have not been disappointed. my last one died and was replaced with this one. ive had a few problems with the unit however, most of which were fixed with the help of the support team and not my problem. I would highly recommend this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This is a great device. I use it for a variety of things. I have to replace my cell phone every few months because I keep breaking it. This thing has lasted me a long time. The only thing I have found to be bad is that the screen dims a little too quickly for my taste. The batteries last longer than other battery packs I have used and this one is very simple to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the batteries are crap!  The charger is not very powerful, and I have had to use it on a different computer.  I'm really glad I bought this charger, because it was really difficult to find a good one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very good device, it is well built, sturdy, has all the features I need for my needs. However, the USB cable I purchased broke after just a few months of use. If this had been a new unit, I would have bought another.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this device a couple of times now. The first time I used it, I had a problem where I would not get to a certain point. I looked at the instruction manual for help and was told that the only way to get the computer to get to the last point is to put it on a hard surface. It seems like a nice device. However, it is a pain to set up because the directions are not very clear. I did have a little trouble getting it to connect, but once connected, it worked fine. I use the device for a few hours a day and have not had any problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I really liked the phone until it stopped working. When I got the phone the screen went black. I contacted T-Mobile and they gave me a new phone. I called T-mobile back and they told me that my phone is no longer working. I don't know what to do anymore.  This is a great device. However, after about a year it stopped functioning, after doing a factory reset and the same reset to factory settings the same thing happened. I even had a hard reset and everything was fine but it stopped on me. Took it to my local store and they said it was a faulty device. They did a factory wipe and everything went back to normal. So I sent it in to be replaced. I have the warranty and still no luck with it. I just want to be able to use this. I will be taking it back in a month.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having a hard time with this thing, it doesnt work well. The power button is a pain to turn on, but once it does, it isnt enough. I got a usb adapter to power it off my computer but it doesnt seem to work very well, it also takes a long time to turn it on. I am so tired of paying for this crap that will not do what it says it will do.   I am going to be buying a different product that is a lot better, or not buying this.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The device is a little slow, but the software is very good. I am not sure why the manufacturer went with the old interface (which I think is more like the old version of MS-DOS). There is a lot of bugs and crashes. You will also have to use the command prompt to install updates and patches. The only good thing is the USB port is very fast, and the battery lasts a long time. --------------- Was this review helpful? ----------------- Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I was hoping this would be better, but I bought the iMac instead. The screen is small and the colors are a little off (the color in this case is the screen).   I bought this thinking it would be a good substitute for my old laptop, but the size is just way too big for me.   The computer is a little noisy when it's working, but it's very quiet. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a samsung galaxy s4 this morning. I have to say it is not a good phone at all. The quality of the screen is terrible. I can't believe they even have this thing out there. I am sure they are just taking a small loss to make more money. The camera sucks. I hate the zoom. I bought this phone because I was looking for a good smartphone. Now I am just really disappointed with the quality of this phone. If you want a good quality phone with good battery life, look for a different phone. I don't care if the phone is a little expensive. Just get a better quality phone.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: samsung_samsung_us
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPhone 6 has all the problems I expected it to have. It's not waterproof, and it's not the most beautiful phone I've ever owned. I just got it a few days ago and it seems a lot of other people are having the same problems as me.  I don't understand why Apple's not taking a few extra weeks to get this right.    Posted by Jason P at 1:00 PM I bought an Apple iPhone 6 with contract because I am going to be away for a while. The iPhone 6 is not as good as the iPhone 5s, but it is better than the 4s. It works just as well as the 5s. I will get a 5s when I return the 6, but I do not think I will buy another iPhone again. May 10, 2013 at 5:50 PM Jason P said... I purchased a used iPhone 6 at the beginning of the month and I am very disappointed. I do agree with what everyone else has said about the display and the size. I also like the fact that the iPhone 6 does not have the plastic that comes with all the newer iPhones. I did not realize that the glass cover that goes around the edge of the display would be removable. I am a huge fan of the new iPhone 6 and will use it for many years to come. I would not recommend it for the beginner, but if you have the money I would suggest that you go with the 6 over the 5. I plan to replace the glass in my iPhone 6 when it gets dirty. I'm glad to have the extra money and have the option of using a better display. I hope to see a better iPhone in the future. I guess I just want a great phone and the iPhone 3GS is not it. May 24, 2013 Jason said...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good product. However, the price is way too high. I bought this for my son to use at the pool. I got it on sale for $20, so I was really pleased with the deal. I'm not sure why it's over $200 if it's so good, but it's definitely not cheap. I would recommend this product for those looking for a simple, inexpensive way to control an electronics project with a digital switch.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was so excited to buy a smart phone and I did not. The phone has a screen that is too small and has poor clarity. The app store has no apps, and the camera is a poor quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so excited to get my new Nexus 7 but the quality of the tablet was not very good. The screen was not as bright as I expected and the battery life was horrible. The back cover broke off and the device became very unresponsive to touch. The software on this tablet is horrible and is very slow. I can not recommend this product to anyone and I will be looking for a different device soon. Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not for use as a tablet I bought this tablet after reading the positive reviews and seeing some of the positive comments about the screen. The first thing I did was try it out and it looked great. I thought I had found the answer to my tablet woes until I ran into the "cannot connect to a wireless network" issue. I tried a few times to connect it to a Wi-Fi network and the tablet just kept failing. The second issue was the battery was completely dead. I'm a tech and I've tried to figure out the problem with this tablet but no matter what I tried it would just go dead. The battery is a nice size but the specs just don't warrant this purchase. If I was on the market for a tablet that I would use as my primary device I would have gone with the Sony tablet or another Google tablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I'm using this for the first time on my PC. I've been using it for the last couple of weeks and it works great. The sound is clear, it's a lot easier to use than my old sound card. The only downside is the lack of a CD/DVD drive. You can't add your music to it like you can on my old PC, but you can play movies. The interface is great, I didn't have to adjust it too much. Also, I don't like that it's only for Win7 and I'm not sure why a PC user would buy this one when they can get a lot better performance from a Win10 machine. I'm very happy with my purchase! --------------------------Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was looking for a new digital watch that was smaller and would be better for my job. I read a lot of reviews and they all said that the screen is bad and the software is bad. I did a lot research on different sites to see if they were right or if it was just my opinion. After much trial and error, I decided to try the watch because of the price and how good it looked. Well, I bought this watch and I am sorry to say that I have been very disappointed with it. The first thing that bothers me about this watch is that the battery has almost stopped working. The battery was getting low and then it would shut off. The second thing that is bad about this is that there is no way to turn it off. I have tried many different ways to turn the watch off but to no avail. The watch also has the worst software I have ever seen. I do not understand how a watch that is so expensive can not be better than the cheapest. The software is extremely buggy and I have had to constantly change the date twice because it would always reset itself. I am not sure if it is because the watch is so old that the software simply is not updated and they have not released a software update for it, or if they simply do not care to do anything about this product. Overall, I have to give this watch an F because I have wasted over $500.00 and wasted my time because of this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product to be my "manual" for my Sony PDA. I use this to copy my data from the PDA to my computer and back to the P. I like that it can be charged with a 9 volt battery. It works fine. It has a built in light and a microphone for communicating with your PDA from across the room. It does not have a keyboard or display like some other units out there. The microphone does not work and the light is dim. The only thing I wish it had was a keyboard. I can copy my entire data on to the memory card on the Pdap. The battery does not last very long. I have had this unit for about a year now and it has lasted about 2 months on a full charge. I do wish it could be a little longer. I am still using the same PDA on my PDA which is the PDP-200. I'm pretty sure it will last a long time because the battery is only 2.5 years old.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's an old computer. I've had it for a year. I have to go through all the hassle of plugging in the power cord. It's old, but it still works. If I had known how many features this computer had I would have saved my money. I love that it comes with the internet. It is not as fast as a Mac, but I like that I can access everything online and my bookmarks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It worked, but it was not perfect, the speaker on the back was very hard to reach when I tried to use it to talk, and the screen was not very good.   I had to go into my   desk, and I think it would be a good thing if you were to buy this   device and then it will just be sitting in a desk drawer for the rest of your life, but I was not in a position to wait that long, so I just got a better   camera   and a better camera .   Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase and will use this .  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good buy I have been looking for a nice compact camera that can record 4k. This is the one I have gotten and it is very good for the price. It records 4k at 30fps. I did have to buy a cable to hook up my GoPro because it didn't come with one. I had purchased the GoPro a year or so ago but I still needed a cable. I haven't used the camera yet but the photos have come out good and the price is very reasonable.  Product Review: Good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You'll be lucky if you get your money back!!! You're probably better off buying a nice computer. (I have an HP EliteBook 8530w).Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my macbook pro for about 3 years now and its pretty much dead on both the cpu and hard drive. i have been able to keep it up to date but i cannt run anything bigger than a 32gb dvd in it at all. i would recommend getting a dvd drive or better yet an external drive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an amazing device.  It works so well, that you won't know you have one until you need it.   I have an older device that I bought about 5 years ago, and have been using it ever since.  The buttons are very responsive and easy to use.  I have an iPhone, and the same thing goes for the Apple Watch.  My only complaint is that the watch doesn't charge as fast as the iPhone, but that's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  Overall, I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The problem with this is that you cannot get an actual power plug (which is the one with the metal ring at the end) and that the connector is different than the one on my old phone (no pun intended). The phone cord (which I had for years and can't replace) is much shorter than the current connector. The phone plug has a metal ring which prevents the phone from charging and the other end is not good at all. I was thinking about buying a new one but not sure if this will be as bad. If this phone is as bad as some people say it is then I would be very very unhappy with the product and I would never purchase another Apple product again. I don't know if this is a problem with the old connector or the new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the new macbook pro for 2 weeks now and im really unhappy with it. the screen is really bad. my main complaint is that when i open it up to get a charger it won't fit, the cable is so short i cant even get the charger in, the computer is really sluggish and slow and i cant figure out how to turn it on or anything, and it has a really bad battery life. if your looking for a good macbook, go with the macbook air, its better but the pro is still really good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product because I wanted a Bluetooth audio recorder and I saw reviews for it. I have to say it is not a good product and there is a huge design flaw in the battery compartment. It will only last 3 months of normal usage and then it will die on me.  Did you find this helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Derek G. , May 30, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works great for its purposes.  The problem I have is that it's not the best for what I need.    I have a good friend who is a musician and a recording engineer.  He has a laptop that has been working for about 3 years now.  I thought about purchasing one for my studio but decided against it.  The only reason I am writing a negative was because of the price.  It's a little bit more than I paid for my laptop but the quality is really not that great.  If you are in the market for a good one, this is a good choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I purchased this product about 3 months ago to do some testing and it works very well. I used it to test some components on my car and it worked great.  Good value: __________________________  (5/5)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this item twice because i was not satisfied. The first time i used it, it started up, but the unit wasnt working properly. The second time, the battery went dead within a week, and i was forced to buy a new one. the second unit also died after only a couple weeks of use. i dont recommend this device at all. i am so disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This is my second Apple product, and my first is a second hand Macbook. I have owned several iPods, but never anything that could run iTunes. My only experience with iTunes was my first iPod, and after having it for a few months, I thought I had lost my mind. The iPod was a total failure, and I couldn't stand it, so I had to get a new one. This was my third Apple product (the first one I had in my possession was a computer). The Apple computer I bought was so much better than the iPod, but the iPod was just as bad, if not worse. My wife was able to make music with my computer, and iTunes made it a real experience. After having the iPod for a year and half, I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong. I've bought a few Apple products in the past, but this is the worst I've ever seen. I'm not sure how to fix it, or what to do about it. I am so upset, and now have two iPod's, and still can't find the "magic" key. I had just bought a new iPad 2, and when it came out I bought it too, thinking I'd be able to use it with iTunes, but not this bad. I'll be going back to my previous iPod. I would not recommend this product, as I don't know how to get it fixed. ---------------------------  From Anonymous of Orlando, Florida on 9/22/2012. I have used this iPod several times, it works but I would prefer to have a real cd player with my ipod. ---------------  For anyone looking for a real iPod for music use, look no further. ------------  Love this iPod, great quality. --------------  Just got my iPod 5.5, and love it! --------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a very good computer. I had to return mine and pay for a replacement due to a software glitch. I got the computer for Christmas, but my husband was having trouble with it. He had the warranty and thought it was a great deal at $400. We were surprised to find that the unit was not working properly when we got it. We returned it to get a refund. After reading reviews and reading the description, we decided that this was a good deal at a discount price. I have a laptop, so I do not know what to expect from a laptop. My husband had a laptop when he got this and it worked perfectly. So we had to take a chance on the PC. The only thing that could have been better is that the case came with a hard drive, but it did not. I will not be buying another brand of computer and I will definitely be purchasing this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old electronic device was very poor. The display was very dim and it kept getting brighter and brighter even after the light was turned off. It took me about 20 minutes to find a working reset button and then I had to try to turn it back on. After about another 30 minutes I realized that the light had gone off on my computer and I thought that it was my fault because the unit was getting too hot. It is not, it is the old electronic. I would not recommend this unit to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these over the last couple of years. i bought one of these to get the TV off my couch. it took some effort to get it off the TV, but once you did, you couldnt get it back in. theres no easy way to turn it back on. other than that, i really like it. i use it for everything from watching videos to watching TV. i do have a complaint about the usb cable. it is too short and doesnt really go all the way through the case. i have to go around the case to plug it in. this thing could use a longer usb cable to make it easier to plug in and to have a place to put the charger and usb cable in. i think this is a pretty good little unit if you just want to get rid of your tv and dont want to upgrade to an ipad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This is a really nice tablet for the price. ********* ******** The battery life is bad.  *****  **** This is the only reason I am not giving this device 5 stars.   ****  ****
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This was a waste of money.   I've tried several other devices before, but I was never satisfied with the quality of these.  The batteries have a short life span.  When I first got them, I was amazed at how long they lasted.  Then I started to get them dead.  So I'm going to return them.  I'm not going to use these for any serious work.  For the price, I expected better.   Rated 4 out of 5 by D.J. from Great product! I got these as a Christmas present for my husband who loves to build with electronics. He's been using these since we got them and they've been great. I've had some issues with them so far though - the batteries are a little weak, and I haven't had the best luck with them charging. They are also very expensive, but they last quite a while.  5 out of 10 by Anonymous from Works Great Bought these as part of my Electronics collection and so far they are great.  and I have been using them for several months now. I just received another set of the batteries and was pleasantly surprised to find that they work exactly as they did the first time. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for about a month and it's working perfectly fine. The only problem I've experienced is that when I turn the power off it stays on. When I go to switch it on it turns on but the screen stays off. I'm on my second computer and I'm trying to find a good laptop that will last a lot longer. This one is the best I've tried so far.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device to use on my desktop computer to watch videos on my computer. I like the video quality but I wish it came with a usb cable. It works fine on my pc, but it doesn't have the power of my computer when watching videos on the desktop. I purchased a cheap iphone to watch the videos on but I still can't watch the full videos on this device. I have had my iphones for a year and this device just won't get the job done.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love this product! It makes my computer boot up a lot faster. The only problem is that it's only for my Macbook Pro 13" (2012). The Macbook pro 13" doesn't have the RAM and hard drive of my Mac Pro (mid 2010). So the only way I can get the best performance is to buy another macbook pro (mid 2013). Also I like the design and the small size. It doesn't feel heavy or bulky.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's an ok device, but I got a defective unit because of the bad software. I ordered a replacement because I can't live without it. I don't like the "noise" coming from the unit. It's too loud for what it's worth. The battery life is great, I use it every day. I use a cell phone as a back up, so the battery is not a concern.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 28, 2015  by Michael from St. Charles IL USA  Pros: very simple and easy to use  Cons: none  Review: Works very well. . ,  It is easy to operate and has good features.  the noise that I get when I use this is pretty annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen and sound quality are very poor on this device. I have tried to get a refund on this item but my card has been declined. This is my second electronic device from them and they have yet to correct the problems that I have had. I am going to send this back.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 22, 2012  Works as advertised  by Daniel from San Francisco CA USA  Pros: Good battery life, no glitches  Cons: Could use an ethernet port  Review: Works well, no major glitches. I've used it for two weeks now. Good battery, no complaints  Would recommend this to a friend: Yes  I bought this product to replace a different one that I had. The new one was faulty. I had to replace it because I couldn't figure out why it wouldn't power on. This one works great, I haven't had a problem with it since. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really liked the idea of this unit. However, I would not recommend the unit as a stand alone replacement for a laptop computer.   The unit is quite heavy, and the keyboard is quite cramped. The unit also requires that you plug in a USB cable to the computer to be usable. I would prefer to just use a keyboard and mouse and save the money for a nicer computer. Overall, this unit is a good idea for people who have a lot of data, or are looking for a portable device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several cheap phones and this one has always been a complete disaster. never use it. never give it a chance to work properly. always has problems. just stop buying this product. never buy this kind of cheap phone again.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is a total disappointment. The speakers sound awful and are very loud, the buttons have no tactile feedback and the buttons themselves have a tendency to be loose. The buttons are all the way up on the unit so the unit can get lost easily. I could easily put this device on a table and not use it, but it's so loud it's not worth it. If you want a loud and clear phone speaker for your desk, then you might want to consider something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the worst computer I have ever owned. This computer is horrible. It is very slow. The screen goes from black to white very quick and I cannot turn the mouse or use a mouse pad with this device. It's very heavy and it is not easy to put together. I am extremely disappointed with this computer and would never buy another one.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the unit for a new house with no plans to use it and I was skeptical about the quality. I was wrong, this is a quality product. The unit came in a nice box, the USB cable and a set of instructions. I plugged it in and everything worked perfectly. I have only used the unit on a computer and a tablet so far. I like the ease of installation, and the fact that I can easily switch between my desktop and laptop. Overall I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a decent quality, low cost wireless router.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A few months ago I got a Sony Vaio XB10 (no keyboard, touch screen). This is a very good portable device, but it has a horrible interface and is prone to crashes and freezes. The Sony VaIO XB20 has a much better interface and works much better. The keyboard on the Vaio is very bad, but the touch screen works much, much better than the VaIO. The screen does not look as good, but this is due to the size of the screen. If you need a device for general use, the Vaiano XBX20 is a great device, and if you need to edit photos and video, the XBPro is a better choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the iphone 4 iphones for many years. they work fine, and they arent expensive. i was just reading the manual to see how to turn it on, and i came to the conclusion that the manual needs to be rewritten to include some very important information about the ipod, and the iplex. the instructions in the manual are terrible, and there is no way to make them more clear. if you have a iphONE 4 ipleX, you need to get one of these. its a great iphonelike device, and very useful in the hands of a very accomplished programmer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this mouse for about a year now and i wish it was a little more stable. I have the normal blue and green colors. I just get the blue. It is a very good mouse and i hope theres a price drop in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my macbook pro for about a year now and i'm not pleased with the new screen. the screen has some issues with it being too hot in direct sunlight and the blue light issue is really annoying. the speakers also dont sound as good as the macbook pros i was using before. theres also some minor issues with the wi-fi. i've been using a 3g wi-Fi for about 2 weeks now and the wifi isnt very fast. also the battery life on the mac is abysmal. i can get about 5 hours of use out of the battery if i leave it on but i only used it a couple times in the past week and i dont know what happened to the battery. also i was really disappointed with the design of the mac and i've never had any issues with apple products. but i did end up getting a new macbook because i dont want to spend the money to buy a new one that wont even work. i would only recommend this product if youre going to use it on a macbook.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my daughter to use with her new phone, and it works great, I have to say she is not very impressed with it. It was not easy to set up or connect, and after 10 minutes or so of trying to get her to set it up it failed to get a signal. After I sent it back to Amazon, they sent a new one for free, but it was a different model and the connection problems were there. The product itself is very good, but not worth the trouble. I will only be purchasing the same product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a laptop for the past 5 years and have bought a number of computers but this one is the worst. ive had to replace the battery and the screen twice now and its really starting to get to me.  i was expecting a much better computer than this.    i am very disappointed and will not be buying another one from this company. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this device as a way to store my music. The unit works well but the sound quality is not very good. The sound is just barely adequate. It will accept most MP3 files and it can play them back very fast. The only thing that I don't like is the way the unit is connected to the TV. There is a hole in the back. I don' t like that at all. It would have been better if the unit came with the cable for connecting it to the unit and to the tv.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this for my mom's birthday and I am really disappointed. I was expecting a nice sound quality but this is really a piece of junk! This is the worst sound I have ever heard. I will be returning it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________   I purchased the Apple Watch for my wife because she had a couple of problems with the iPhone 6. However, she was really happy with her purchase. She is an avid runner, and she was amazed by how well the watch tracks her runs. It's not too heavy, and her running has been much better than before. It has an easy-to-read display and a great battery life. I also love the fact that it can be used while I'm in bed, and I'm very happy with my purchase.   However, it seems that Apple has made a mistake in the Apple watch's software. This watch will not connect to a computer when you try to change your music or watch shows on the watch. Instead, it says that the computer is not connected to the device. So it seems the watch is sending out the wrong information about the computer, and that's not good. I've read that this problem has been fixed by the watch's developers, but I still don't like the way the watch works.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I had the original model a year or so ago. I was very pleased with it. The sound was great. It did take me a while to find the right settings on my system, but it came with a very good manual and all the settings on the back are clearly marked. The only problem was that the battery life was terrible. I had to replace the battery about 3 times. I would recommend this for the money, but keep in mind that you will have to keep changing batteries and that will be a pain.  My husband loves this phone! I love the ease of using it. It has never been easier to listen to my favorite music or see my messages. I love that I can have the phone set up on my bedside table and use it in the shower or even in bed. The price is right as well, so you can buy one for your children as well. I have already recommended this phone to my family!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The design of this device is horrible.  I got this for the novelty value and the fact that the phone looks like a Nintendo Game Boy.    It's actually a tiny cell phone that fits in your hand and has a micro SD card slot.  But when you first plug it in it starts acting up.  The phone does not work.  It doesn't even turn on.  My phone worked perfectly for years until I bought this thing and then it wouldn't work.     So after about a month of use I threw it away and went back to my iPhone.  I have now been using my iPhone for about a year.  So I guess the lesson is... don't buy a cell phone from eBay. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After a month of using the device, the screen is no longer readable. The only way I can get the screen to work is to go into a different computer, which can be very frustrating. This has been a great purchase, but not worth the $600.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 2 of these as part of a cheap pack. Ive had one for 2 years now and the only reason it doesnt work anymore is because the usb ports have been broken. If i hadnt broken my own usb port i would have bought 2.  Best I've ever used: The unit has worked flawlessly from day 1. It is the best piece of gear I've owned, and I've bought a few different brands over the years. The battery life is great, I never miss a charge, and the audio quality is better than any other audio I've had.  is a must have: Its not cheap, but this is a good quality product, and very well made.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipod nano for over a year now and it is still going strong. i purchased it for the storage, which is a huge plus. ive only used it once, but the music is great. ileast in my experience, ive owned every apple product to date. it may not be the best for the price, but its my favorite.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- My wife bought this device for me and it works fine, but one day the power button was stuck. It has a 5 year warranty but I'm not sure I would recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this in November 2015 to use with my ipad pro and was very disappointed with the quality of the unit. I was told the batteries would last about a year. I got a 2 year old ipad and it was getting really hot after a while and I was having to turn it off. I also bought a battery charger so that I could have the unit charging for me. I didn't get the battery charger with my order but I still use the unit for about 5-6 hours a day. If you don't like the heat of the ipad, then this is not for you. I'm also disappointed that I had to spend over $200 on a product that doesn't last.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for a couple of months now, and i have to say i am very pleased with the quality of this unit. i have had it for about a month, and so far, i have only had to use it once. it is an excellent unit, and the price is great too. the only thing i wish it had was a micro usb port for use on a PC/MAC. otherwise, great unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my son who had an issue with his computer. The unit was very easy to install, the instructions were easy to follow and installation took less than five minutes. The computer was easy to use. I would have given this product 5 stars but the first time I ran into a problem. The screen would light up, but the monitor would not turn off. After a few attempts I was able to reset the unit, but it would not power down. The software was not easy to learn, the software was very confusing and I had to read the manual several times. After that I installed the free Windows 7 and the problem was fixed. I am very happy with the purchase.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 21, 2014  great monitor  by Anonymous on March 02, 2014 Was this Review helpful to you?: Yes  Great product and good service!  By Robert C on March 01, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The design is ok, but it doesn't have a lot going for it.   There is no USB port, so I can't connect my computer and play games with it. The case is very flimsy, and the buttons feel cheap. The volume buttons do not work well, as they are hard to press with one hand.   "The Sound" is a "slightly tinny" sound, but that's not much of a problem as I usually have speakers in my speakers, so this is not an issue.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I received my Samsung Tab Pro and I am disappointed in the build quality and the software. The buttons are mushy and don't click very well. It is also hard to switch between windows apps. The screen is not very bright and there is no option to adjust the brightness, the volume, or the mute button. I have no idea what to do now as I can't use the Tab Pro. I will be going back to the Dell Inspiron and the Asus EeePC.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm pretty sure this is my last electronic device purchase.  This is the worst I've ever seen, and I'm not sure it's going to be the last one either.    It's not that I can't stand the old version of this device, it's just that I have an old, and more convenient, device.  For a product that promises to do what the old style was, it doesn't quite live up to the hype.  The device is really just a slightly more powerful version of the old-style e-ink tablet that is no longer made by Toshiba.  This one comes with a microSD card, which is pretty cool.  It comes with an extra stylus, which you can use to "draw" on the screen, which the original device didn't do.  In fact, I find it easier to use the new version than the original, and it has a better resolution, although I'm still not quite sure what the resolution is.  Also, I've never seen a better looking device, although there is the odd blemish on the cover that could be easily cleaned.  I guess it all depends on what you are looking for.  If you want a device with a resolution of 800x600 and a nice, clean looking screen, then this is a good choice.  But if you are more interested in being able to draw and use your finger to draw on the device, this may not be for you.  Overall, I'm really disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product a year ago and have been using it for about 2 weeks. I have to say I am very pleased with it and am very impressed with the price point. However, I am disappointed with the buttons on the front. They feel cheap and are poorly designed. I am a computer technician so I need things that work and this does not. I do not understand why this product is still being sold. I bought the blue one, but it is much easier to use and I have yet to have any problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a couple of months and it's pretty much dead on. It works great but there are two things I wish they'd change: 1. it cant be re-heated 2. the usb is terrible! Ive had it for a couple months and the usb wont charge anymore even though it's plugged in. Its always going to be dead in this thing. The reason it works so well is that it is compact, so it wont take up a lot of space, but it's not a small computer, so I'm sure the usb could be made better. It does what it's supposed to do and it looks cool. It is a good device if you're looking for something cheap. But the usb sucks, I cant recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had an old digital audio player that was really bad. The sound was terrible and the battery lasted about 4 months. The screen was very flakey and the buttons were a mess. The thing would constantly turn on/off, and I could only see the top right corner of the screen. I had to buy a new one to replace it. I have no use for an old player any more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing worse than a broken USB-C to USB-A cable is a bad one. I am using the Samsung Note7 with the USB-Type C connector and this cable is not only not a good quality one but it is very, very cheaply made. The cable has some bad manufacturing flaws in the USB connector. The plastic parts around the connector are flimsy and the connectors are the worst quality I've ever seen in an electronic device. It's like the plastic part is just sitting there on the cable and is not actually part of the cable. I had to take the whole thing apart and strip down the whole cable to find the bad connectors. This is so bad that the whole piece of plastic is flaking off as I am writing this review. I really don't recommend this cable to anyone as a USB-B to USB Type C cable. It was a great price though at $2.95.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** ********** ************* ******** ******** * * This is a great camera, but the only reason I gave it 5 stars is because I wish it came with a more compact camera body. If I had a different phone, I might have given this camera a 4 or 5. But I don't have one so I'm going to stick with my Galaxy S7. *****  Great Camera, Good UI, Bad Battery Life: **************** **************** * * My S7 Edge has a great design and great camera. It's just a shame that the camera battery lasts for 3-4 days and then starts draining quickly, and I find myself having to charge the battery at night, because the phone's battery seems to drain quicker. ******  Camera Quality: ************ ************** ************ * * I really like the camera on this phone. I wish the screen was more vibrant, but I think it's good enough to be usable. I have no complaints about the battery life on this device, though it is disappointing that it doesn't last more than a few days. ********* -David  Best Android phone I've used:..................................................................... * * ************ ******** -This is the best Android phone ********  The best camera ever:  ................................ * * -The best ********
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this in the hopes that it would be a replacement for my Sony Ericsson. It has many of the same features and it does have the Sony Erickson's great sound. But it's not as good as the Sony. I'm disappointed with the sound quality. The bass is too much for me and the mids are muffled. The treble is much more open and bright than the Sony but not as detailed. Overall, I'm just disappointed with this purchase. I'll be back to look at other products. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 2 weeks and ive lost a lot of my data. It takes forever to charge. ive also had issues with the screen, but that was due to the phone's internals. i got this phone because ive read about the good reviews, but i just cant justify buying it. im so disappointed ive even contemplated just giving up and buying a more expensive phone
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i would love to have the features of the original but only for the cost of the iPad and a computer of some sort would be nice   (i like the look of the new model and its features and functions)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ If you're looking for a cheap little digital watch, you've found it. I bought it on eBay and I have to say I was disappointed in the price. First, I bought the black version. It has a silver band and it's not as sleek as the original model. The watch has a 1.5 inch LCD screen. It works well and the bezel is easy to use. But the one issue I had was that it's easy to lose the time because the bezels are too thin. So you can't read the time unless you hold it up to a light source. Overall, I'm satisfied with the product and the price was right. If you need a digital watch at this price point, I would recommend this one.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is junk.  It is so easy to lose track of what is in the box, it is not possible to use it as a portable device.  This product works fine as a small device to check a device that is plugged into a laptop, but when you need to be able to use your computer while on the go it is just too big.    I have owned one for two years and it is still the same size as it was when I bought it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been with this one for 2 years now and ive lost at least 3 and a half times on the same issues. the first issue I had was with the usb port that kept shorting out, when you unplugged it the connection wouldn't work and it would reboot, so I bought a new usb cable. now the second issue is that the power button and micro USB cable are so flimsy they get broken every time you plug it in and out. the micro usb port doesn't even close. and the button doesn't do anything to the device so if you plug in the device you cant even turn it on. the only good thing is that it's so small its pretty easy to carry around and you can even turn the screen off when you're not using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this laptop for a few months now and have had no problems. I have the screen for my wife and two kids and we have both had no issues with the screen. The battery life is good and has lasted me quite a while. The keyboard is very nice and has been my go to keyboard for a while now. The screen is bright and clear. My only issue is that it has a really big footprint. I'm not really a desktop or laptop person but I do like to have a large laptop to be able to work. The fact that I can only get a laptop with a 13 inch screen is a little disappointing. This is the same as the Samsung Chromebook 2 and it's not the best for the size and weight. This computer is a nice buy for the price and the screen is nice to have. 4.5/5 I had a hard time getting the Acer Chromebook 13 to turn on for me. The first time I tried to boot the laptop, the screen would not turn on. It would not even boot up. It is not a bad computer, but the first time it did not work for me and the second time I just had to give up on it. I will keep this one as my primary computer, and I won't be getting another one. The Acer Chromebook is just a little too big for me, but if you need a 13.3 inch laptop that does not cost $1,000 then this is the one for you. I recommend getting this one, it's really only $350 with a free year of Google Play Music!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my samsung iphone for a year now and its been ok but it gets so old and the screen gets so dirty that it cracks and the battery dies so i bought this and its working but the only thing ive got to say is this phone is like junk. it works ok but i cant afford another one. its made in china.  Rated 4 out of 5 by jlh from Works as expected and looks good too. I had a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge on loan from a friend. I love that phone but found it was getting a bit old. I like that it's water resistant. But after a week of using it it seems that the screen was starting to show signs of wear. So I was interested in this phone and bought one. I was pleasantly surprised by how good it looked, and how easy it was to use. It's super lightweight and super thin. And I was surprised to see how responsive it was too. The camera is pretty good, I like the automatic HDR feature, it seems very fast. I have not tried it yet, but the battery life seems to be OK. I do not like that the phone is water resistant but I like how it is designed and I think it will last a long time. I hope this phone lasts me many years to come!  5 5 Great phone! I am really happy with this phone. It is very light and the only negative is the phone itself looks cheap, but it's worth it. I'm going to keep it for a long while. I've never used a smart phone but I am pretty impressed. It just works so well.  a5  4 5 Good phone Great phone  2 5 I love the new phone The phone is fast and has a good screen. I would like the screen to be a little bigger but it looks fine for a first time phone buyer. It does have a few glitches though. The battery is a little on the weak side but still good. I wish the battery indicator light was a little brighter. Overall, I'm very happy with the phone.    3 5 Great product, fast shipping The phone came on time, it was as described and everything worked out of the box. The only downside is the fact that it takes forever to get it out of my hand to use it, but I will get used to that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my g2 for a few months now and Ive been very satisfied. It's not a fancy gizmo, but its easy to use and the audio is decent enough for me. If you want a small and easy to navigate gizmos this is the one for you. I use it for my tv's music/video. For the money you cant beat it!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was one of my first electronic devices. I bought this for the money and it did not work. I tried to connect the device to my laptop and the display showed that the device was connected. It also showed that it was receiving a connection signal but no signal was received from the device. I called customer service and the representative was very helpful. The device is listed as a warranty replacement and they will give you a new one if you are unhappy with it. I am very disappointed with the service and product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very well made unit. However, the battery life is only a few hours. This unit is very heavy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The buttons on the iPhone are so hard to press that it makes it difficult to use. I wish they would have made the buttons on this better!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used my Sony VAIO for a few years.  The first year or so, it was ok.    However, I have had to replace the battery on the computer, and have had other problems with the computer.  I think Sony is not making good products.  The Sony is a waste of money and will never replace.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used the    for about a month now and the  is a good product but I'm really disappointed in the quality of the design.   The design is really great if you like the color scheme but   if you have a smaller screen you are probably going to be very disappointed.  Read all the reviews here: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this item a few months ago and I am still waiting for my replacement.  The screen was dead on arrival and when I checked it on the internet I saw that it was not one of the better brands.   But, I just have to admit that I like the screen and the design.  I am very happy with this purchase, but I will not be buying this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My wife has had the computer for about a year now. She has the windows 7 pro, and she has been on this computer for almost 2 years now. The only issue is the memory card slot. It's always falling out and it's hard to find a card to plug in. The warranty is almost up, but I will not be purchasing this again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first I received, was in bad condition and a piece of plastic that came with it (I used to buy them on ebay for cheap), broke within a day or two. When I received it, it was the exact same thing.   I have had the same problem with my second.  This company needs to change their business practices.  I wish I had saved my money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device is very cool but the user manual and the manual are not up to date and not very easy to read.  It has to be read over several times before it is understood.    The battery life is bad and the device will drain when you are not using it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ _____________________ This is an absolutely great device but the battery has a tiny little crack in the middle of the battery. Thats not a good thing but it's not the end of the world. You can still use the device but it will be less reliable and will drain the battery quicker. You also have to be careful when taking the device apart because it has two parts. The front is pretty much a standard usb charger and the back is the battery (it's hard to get to the battery without taking it apart). It's an awesome product, the price is amazing, and it is the best price I've ever seen on a battery charger. ___________ ___________________  I bought one and it worked great for a month and then I found a crack in one of the two batteries and I had to go buy a new one. I really wanted to like this product and it really did work well for a while, but I have had to replace the batteries several times due to the same crack in batteries. I've had to put it together over and over and have had the same problem in several different battery types. I wish the battery charger was a bit larger so I could put a spare battery in it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is a great idea but I will never get my money back for this device! The device is good but it is so bulky and the instructions are so confusing! I spent over $300 on this device and it broke after only a week! The manual says to attach the power cord to the wall and use the wall mount to charge the device. I just got a wall mount that is a little bigger than my power cord and this is so much bulkier and a pain in the neck to attach it! I had to get a power strip that is 3 feet long because I wanted to use my power strip to charge my iPad! It's very frustrating because you can't use the device and charge your device at the same time. If you are looking for a simple and durable power cord, look elsewhere!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought a new iMac on Friday and had a hard time with it. First I had to send it back to the Apple store because they could not get it to boot up. The iMac was running on the Apple computer but it was using the old CD/DVD drive that had been replaced. I sent it back with a note that I would not be using it for a long time and I would just return it if it was not fixed. I was contacted by the Apple rep that was sent to me on Monday who told me they would send a technician out the next day. I called back on Tuesday to schedule a time and he told me that I needed to take the computer apart. I told him that I did not want to but that I had been sent a new computer and I needed it to work correctly. I took the computer out of the box and took a look at it. It was running well but the screen was all jittery and the display was flickering. I decided to call Apple to find out what was wrong. The rep there told me there was nothing wrong with it and that it would be fixed and then called me back saying that they had sent a technician. I got a call from the technician on Wednesday and he said he would be here in the morning to fix it. He took it apart and it worked great. This time I went back and called Apple and told them I would like to keep my computer but they told me the technician could not do it that day because it was so new. The guy said they could take the machine apart for another week and that I could get it back on my own if I needed another one. I didn't mind the delay so I did that and he fixed the machine for me. He told me it would cost $400 to repair the machine so I decided not to go through with it but if the machine works I would love to have it. The machine was not my cup of tea so I have a hard decision to make. If I wanted another one and the price was reasonable I would probably get another one but for the price and the fact that it is brand new I would pass. The problem I have is the people at Apple are very arrogant and just make up stories about the products. I think Apple is just making a lot of money off of people and I am not a fan of that at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This is my first mechanical keyboard. I've tried several of the more popular ones over the years and the IBM model M is the best I've ever used. I can type on this keyboard and it feels great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a bunch of these but i think this one is the worst ive ever owned and this is coming from a fellow iphone user. i bought this to replace an old iphones. the new iphons are smaller and lighter so it was nice to have a bigger one. when i bought it i thought it was very light and i got used to it being that way. however, as the months went by i started noticing that it wasnt as light as i thought and it got heavy as the days went by. this is a great product but i hope i wont have to replace this one any time soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It has been a while since I have used an electronic device that has been so unstable, and the new "G-Spot" is the worst of all the G-spot products I have tried. It is very difficult to use because of the size and weight, the vibrations are not strong enough and the vibrations aren't strong enough either. I am using the G2 and I'm just not happy with it. I'm also having issues with the new vibrator too. I've tried using the new G-Spot on my partner, and he's had no luck. He said the vibration is not strong, and it only lasts a few minutes before it starts to get a bit annoying. He's also had issues with it falling off the clitoris. I don't have this problem with the original G- Spot, but if you are interested in trying one, I would not recommend this one. The original G Spot is great for both male and female pleasure. I'd say that the new product is a good price for the quality. If you have a larger clit, it might be a good option for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! If I would have known this was a newbie, I would not have bought it. First, there are two ways to charge the device: 1. Plug it in. The charging unit doesn't seem to be connected to the device. 2. Use the included USB cable. The device itself is too small to fit in the included cable. This is the second time I've had a device that had problems with a charging unit and cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this to replace my samsung s7. theres just one problem with this. the usb cord. i have a macbook pro with a lightning cable. the only way i could get it to charge was to plug the cord into my phone. this usb cord is horrible. its just bad. and its the same cable as the macbook. the micro usb is a great idea but for the price of this you can do better. its worth the money, but not worth the loss of usb port.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very fast and efficient I bought this so I can use my laptop on the bus, which is a hassle, and this solved both issues. I had to connect the laptop to a power source before I could download anything. I also needed to connect to the internet to download my photos. I can get it hooked up to the bus and laptop easily. It has a very long USB cable and I like that I can leave it plugged in and it's always connected, even when I'm in the middle of a photo shoot. I did have to plug it in every night to charge it. If you're a photographer who's going to be traveling often, this is the way to go. The only complaint I have is the color and the design of the cord. It's a little thin.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the second product from this company that i have had. The first one worked for a few days and then stopped working. It was a cheap product. I returned it. I received this one today. I am still waiting to hear back from support. I will wait till then to decide. I'm sure i will be back to get my money back.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JG from Great for the price! The quality is very good and the product works flawlessly. It also works with my old Samsung phone that I use to record video and music.  to be continued...  I was so excited to find this little device! I have a couple of other devices like the Samsung S7 Edge and an old iPhone 7 that I can't really use all that well because the screen is too small. I've been using the iPhone 7 Plus for a couple weeks now and it's been working perfectly with my favorite apps and the only thing I'm missing is a bigger screen. So I decided to give this a try. I was hesitant about spending $90 on a small device that will do basically nothing, but it worked perfectly! I just have to decide if I want to spend $90 again for the same thing. ,  Read More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  Samsung S9 Edge  is the perfect example of how NOT to do a flagship device.  It's beautiful and well built, but I was hoping it would be better than that.  If you want to take a break from your phone and go on a picnic or hike, this is the perfect phone to use.   But if you want your phone to last for a few years and never break, this phone isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my iphone 4s.  It's the only iphones I have and I have several iphons.   The only problem I have is that it can't be charged while it's charging.  The only idea that iphon gives is to charge it while you're not using it.  I just got this yesterday and I love it. The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star rating is that   I think the iphonic could be a little nicer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The unit is not very efficient, and is not that reliable at all. The screen does not work properly. If you want a small, lightweight portable computer, the i3 is not a good choice. It is better than the Raspberry Pi, but not a perfect one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Samsung Galaxy S5 with Android 4.4 and Samsung Knox.  The phone is very good, and I have had no issues with the phone or software.    My only problem is that I use the phone constantly and when it breaks, I get really frustrated because I can't just return it to Samsung and have it repaired or replaced.  If you're looking for a new phone, you should definitely get the Galaxy S6.  I would definitely recommend this phone to a friend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  I am currently using my iPad 3 with my iPad 4 with the new TouchID. The new Touch ID sensor works flawlessly, however, there have been some issues with the app. I have purchased a new iPad 3 and 4 to replace my old iPad. I'm going to give the new iPad 4 a try. Will update my review when I use the new version of the app, but so far the iPad 3 seems to be better. I am looking forward to trying the new features that will be coming in the future updates to the app that the iPad 4 has.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Garmin Edge 1000 for $200.  The unit worked perfectly for the first week or so.    Then one morning the battery died.  It was a cheap one.  I bought a replacement and it was a much more expensive one. It took several days to get the unit to work again.  The unit also would not turn on and the unit would not respond to my commands.  Eventually I replaced the battery.  This was a very expensive item for a good device that didn't work for a week or two.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It's a very good product for the price, but there are better products out there. The only reason I am giving this 3 stars is that it is very loud, even when you are in the bathroom or in your bedroom. I have tried many products over the years that make noise and this is by far the loudest. I am hoping it goes away with some sort of filter. The sound is loud enough to wake up the dog, so I guess it's a necessity.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Dave from I've used these before. These are very quiet and work well. I use them to block out the sound of my TV and other background noises. They don't block out TV sounds like I'm watching TV or I'm on a CD player.  a great product at a good price  Reviewer: Bill from USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------  After having my original laptop for a while and then replacing it with a refurbished model. I was a bit worried about the new model but it's much more stable and does what it was advertised to do. I'm glad I upgraded.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 30, 2013  Works as advertised  by Chris from Pflugerville TX USA  Review: Good product, but would have preferred a higher quality case.  and I'm a bit of a tweaker. The case I had was a cheap, flimsy cardboard box. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The only good thing about this is that it doesn't have to be connected to the wall to charge. I just put it on a shelf and charge it while watching tv. But for the price it's a little too good to be true.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This  is a very nice  device for the price, but there are some major problems with it. The first one is that it does not come with the charger it came with. So, the USB power supply (for charging the battery) is only about $3 and the cable is around $8. If you want to use the USB cable that comes with the unit, you have to buy that separately. Also, the device is extremely heavy, which is great if you are going to take it out and do other stuff, but if you just want to keep it plugged in to charge the battery, you'll want to buy a good, lightweight laptop power supply. The other problem with the device, is that its very easy to overheat, if you leave it plugged into the AC power outlet, and it just sits there doing nothing, and that is a problem that most users are not going to be happy about. I just don't think it's worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** I bought the iVic Pro to replace my older iVIC-2. I was very pleased with the device, especially for its price, but after one month of use I started to notice a lot of glitches. First of all, the unit is very heavy. After the first use I had to take it down a few notches. The buttons are too far apart, so you can't reach them easily. I have tried to use the touch screen but it is very difficult to do. The device is very noisy and I don't like that it is constantly on. I'm sure it's supposed to be quiet, but for a unit this expensive it should be as quiet as possible. It's a good product, but I'm not sure I would buy it again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Product I have the i-Vic 2 Pro which has worked well for a year now. My only complaint is that I had an issue with my screen not working at all after installing the unit. I bought this one and installed it within a few minutes. It works like a charm and the only thing that I didn't like about the Pro is that the battery life is a bit short, but not enough to bother me. :)  The Pro is a great buy for the price.  the screen works great but I wish it had a few more settings to configure  the keyboard and touchpad are great but the touchpad is a little too small  I have the touch button on the front so it works great on my laptop
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the new Eee PC to replace a Dell Eee I7 laptop that's had trouble running Windows 10.  After installing it and using it for a few days, I discovered the new device has a few serious problems.    The first problem is that the battery is terrible:   I can only get 6 hours out of it before the battery goes flat.  I have also noticed that the Eee has a weird issue where if you try to turn it on, it turns off without a notice.  The other problem I found was that the touchpad on the new eee PC was broken.  You can type on it, but if you're trying to use it as a mouse, you're going to have a bad time.  This was a very disappointing purchase and I'm not going to be returning it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This device is awful. The buttons don't register, the screen is not even close to being a quality LCD, and the speakers are terrible. The software is buggy, slow, and unusable. The only thing I like about this device is the size, and that the touch pad works. I will probably just use my MacBook Pro instead, and I don't expect to get much use out of it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this thing for a year before it finally failed. I was using it for hours on end and then my phone went out. The battery lasted less than a week. It's a great product, but it's too bad it only lasted a year. The company is the same and that's why I'm not going to pay for it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my gpu for over 2 years now. the problem has always been in the graphics card. every gpu i get has a major bug. the last 2 were no longer working after a couple months of use. the gpu was getting hot in no time and when i opened it up i noticed that the heatsink was bent. after doing some research i found a site that was offering a replacement card for free. i thought id give it a try but i could not get my hands on one and it ended up being a waste of money. i just hope the new gpu does the job. i am happy with the old one but the new one looks great and does the same job.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a cheap mp3 player for about a year now and it doesn't work. i have had it repaired 3 times and they keep replacing it. i am really frustrated and hate to use this as my primary source of music. it is really slow to start up, the speakers sound very bad, and the volume on the radio is horrible. it's very annoying, i don't want to listen to music on the mp3 anymore.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 27, 2010  by A Customer from Los Angeles CA  Review: The quality is good. I like the color, as well as the fact that it has a battery back-up. The only downside is the fact it doesn�t work in my car. I just got it, and am very disappointed. . ,,  Thank You for your review. We are happy that you like the mp1!  Have you tried another music player or the new ipod touch?  If you are looking for an ipod, I recommend the ipod mini as well!  in the United States or Canada  Would you recommend this to a friend? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item was a big disappointment for me. It is so flimsy that when I got it, it wouldn't even hold a charge. I couldn't even get it to charge up in the morning. I had to send it back and return the item. I'm going to give this item another try.  Rated 5 out of 5 by MandyM from Great battery for the price I purchased this battery to power my light bulbs and have had no issues. It's also easy to use. I have not had to mess with the voltage setting and I like the light it puts out.  is the best i got a bunch of batteries and a charger for this item i used it for my kitchen counter top light bulb and this one works just fine i also had to change the battery one time and it works perfect now
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is a very expensive device and I have purchased several in the past. I have to admit that this device is a bit too small for my purposes and I cannot use it for anything except the first time. I can use it on the computer, but it's not quite the right size for my needs. It works well as a Bluetooth keyboard, but not for any other application. It's a bit small and light, but for what it's intended, it's good. I'm sure it's the most expensive of the models in this price range, but this one just doesn't cut it for me.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned one for several years, and while the product does everything it claims to do it is just way too noisy. ive tried a number of different noise reduction products (in my opinion) and i have never been so glad i went with the cheapo. if it worked i would have been able to use it at work without any problem but i was able to hear it through my headphones and theres no way around it. i wouldnt recommend this product. its cheap. **********************   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery life is terrible, the sound quality is so bad it can't be played on an iPod. The software is very buggy and does not work well with my iPhone. I can't believe the price and that they still haven't fixed the bugs or the sound problem.   If you want a cheap digital music player, you can get a much better one for less money from iTunes. If you want something that will last for a long time and can play the latest music on it, this is not it. It is ok as a music player but is so frustrating that I don't even want to look at it anymore.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is great, but the software is a nightmare. I bought this item for my daughter and she is the one who broke it. When she started to use it, it began to malfunction. She is a very heavy user and her hands and arms were getting tired. She would turn the dials back and forth and nothing would happen. The software did not allow her to go to a computer to reset the unit, which she did not do. I am a big fan of the unit and the way it works but the quality is a huge issue for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The design is very bad. The buttons are very small and hard to press and it has the worst build quality I have seen.  It is easy to break if you are not careful and if you fall on it you will break your wrist.  The buttons are hard to get to and they are very hard to push back to activate the light.   I bought this device thinking it would be good for outdoor lighting but it does not work well in a sunny room at all.  I have to turn it on to see it works.  It does not turn on after you turn off it.  This is my first electronic device and I have bought several but this is my favorite so far.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life on this is really disappointing.  I had a 2 hour phone call, played a few songs, and I had to put the phone down for about 15-20 minutes before I could power it back up.    If you are a heavy user of your phone, then I recommend not buying this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a digital sound board for years now and the only reason i have been buying them is because they have good reviews on here. i had purchased these about a year ago. ive always had good luck with them.  the one i bought came with a built in mic.  i was so excited about the fact that i could use my laptop with my sound board. i was expecting some sort of extra noise reduction but it was really not.  it is just as loud as my laptop. the sound was ok. it had a good range. i used it to listen to some music on my ipod.  but it just didnt have the range to cover my laptop speakers and headphones. i have a sennheiser sound system with the speakers about 5 feet from my face. the thing i didnt expect was that it would not work with my laptop on my desk. it was also a pain to get the cord out and out of the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the second time I have had this exact issue with this specific product, the first time was when I received the first generation of the T30 and this time it's the T40. This is by far the worst piece of electronics I have ever owned, I will be buying another unit from a different manufacturer and buying a different brand of TV. If you're thinking of buying this, go back to the original company and give them a call, they will refund you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a pbx200 for about 6 years now, it has never worked for me, and its been 3 years since i got it. i went to an apple store in my area to ask if i could exchange it and they said no, so i decided to go to another store and they gave me the replacement for $20 more. ive never had to open it, and it was not the same as before. i was not happy. the screen doesnt work, it isnt as bright as the one i had before, the camera doesnt work either. ived about $100 and spent $20 on a new one. dont waste your time and money on this device. if it works i dont think you should have to pay for the replacement, it should be a free replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for about 2 years and it still doesnt work. it just doesnt work! i bought this and im on my third one and i dont know what to do. the sound doesnt work, the usb port wont work.  I had to put in an extension cord just to get a phone to talk to it, and I have to use the included wall charger. If it works like the first one I would give it five stars, but it isnt! The only good thing about this product is that it does have the feature to turn on/off the screen on the TV.  in the box there was a small usb cable, and some wall chargers, but no screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! this product is great but there is no USB cable to connect the device to the pc, there is just a usb cable which is very short.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 23, 2013  Nice product  by Anonymous on 01/13/2012  Recommended  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: Does not have a USB port for connection to the computer.  I have purchased the USB Hub to make this device more user friendly. , this product works well but if the computer does not have USB ports, the product is useless. .  of the USB hubs, it is not compatible with a computer without a USB 3.0 port.  the Hub should be compatible with Windows, Linux and Mac computers but not with a Mac. I hope you will reconsider the product.  a good product for the price, but I do not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the new model of this little guy and I'm very impressed with how it works. The only thing is that it doesn't work very well in my laptop. It's supposed to be a digital pen, but when I go to write with it, it just bounces back and forth all over the place. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst thing I have ever owned. I have had this phone for over two years now. I was really excited about it, but the quality of the screen is terrible. I put a piece of masking tape over the screen to protect it from scratches, but after a few days of use, the screen has started to peel off from the tape. The battery is almost completely dead. The camera is not very good. It is very small and not very durable. It would be great if they would make it larger. The screen and camera work great for sending email or taking pictures, but you won't find any other functions. If you want a cheap phone, you will not be disappointed. If I could give it 0 stars, I would.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It takes more time to set up than it does to use.  If you can't figure out how to use this to its full potential, you might want to look at a tablet with a keyboard. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keyboard on the keyboard is terrible. It's not even the good old IBM keyboard with its spacebar. It just has a "keyboard" of sorts.   On the plus side, it has a few features that are neat. For instance, you can control the volume by touching the keys at the top of the keyboard. And if you're really into it, you might want to buy a keyboard case.   the software is also a nice touch.   of course, the software sucks, the only way to get the program to load is by using the floppy disk and that's not so great. The software was not even designed to run on the Amiga.  , for the time, was a big step up from the Amstrad and Commodore 64, but was still far behind in features. The Amiga had a far superior graphical user interface, a far better sound system, a powerful video processor, and a lot more games. It was the first computer to include a CD drive, and the first to support sound. The Apple II was also a huge step up, but not in the way you might think. It lacked an operating system. This was a huge mistake. A computer needs a OS to run applications. The only way a computer would have had an operating systems was if Apple decided to support them. A software system is much more important than a hardware one. In the case of the Apple II, there was no OS, no way for you to program anything for the machine. In other words, the Apple was a computer that didn't even have a GUI. It had an assembler, and that was it. Apple's biggest mistake was to make the Apple OS. It would have been a far much better computer if they had just made an OS that could run any operating system you could throw at it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this device to use to record the music for a band we're recording.  The quality is OK, but the battery life is just so slow that I could not see a point in using it on a day to day basis.  The Good:    It does what it is supposed to do:     It is a recorder and a microphone.   This is a very nice looking device that looks good enough to carry around, but doesn't have a lot going for it.  It's also a bit heavy to carry, but I can see people needing this type of device.  I like that it has a mic input so I can record without using a mic.  The size is great.  This thing fits in my pocket and doesn't take up much space in my backpack.  Very well thought out.  My only complaint about the unit is the battery.  If I am using it as a recorder, I have to charge it every day.  However, it's only $5 so I guess it's a good deal for a device like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a little bit noisy, a little difficult to use, and not very convenient.  The built in batteries are terrible - they never last more than a few days.    I bought a third party battery that lasted for more than 3 months, and the first one I bought lasted only a couple of days. If you're looking for a great quality and value electronic device, this is the one!   If I could give this device a zero star I would! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using a new Sony Z5 for about a week and so far I am very happy with it.  It is a very good camera but the display is not great, there are not enough buttons to choose different functions and I can only use the video as my only way of recording.  This is a great camera but you have to know that you can only change functions from the video mode.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has no idea what a real digital camera is, and that is a big problem.  It can't take decent pictures and is almost useless when used for video.  Rated 1 out of 5 by David from No support from TMC If I can find a better one, I will but not at the current price, it is a waste of money, it will be in my junk box. I wish there was a way to get a refund from the manufacturer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a problem with my iPod, and it's not the only one.  It is very slow.  The music is often too quiet and inaudible, even to the speakers.   It takes many seconds to even hear what is playing.  I have to use the iPod app, but it has to be turned off and on, and I'm not even sure if it does that.  There is a lot of playtime.  It also does not come with a case.  If I was a millionaire I'd spend more on the iPod than I did on this little thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this unit for the first time last week, and I was very pleased with the sound quality. It is quite a bit better than the stock unit that comes with my X7 and I can't wait to get my X9 to get the new unit.   This unit comes with no case, no stand, no USB cable, no case for the remote, and no instructions.   the only instructions I got were on the back of the box which is in very poor print quality. I'm not sure how to use it at all and I am just now going to get a new one so I can make sure it works properly.  's rating: 2/5   The X7 was the first product from the XENON series to be a very solid performer, and this is no different. It gets the job done, and has the potential to be even better. I was expecting more out of this product, but after reading the reviews it's hard to blame the X7. I wish the case had been included.  . I'll try to be more thorough on the following comments:The X8 was also a very good product. It had some issues that I have not seen mentioned on this site yet, so I wanted to let you know what I saw. The unit has no case and the remote does not come with a cable. If you want a remote with a nice cable, you have to pay an extra $25. The remote does have a nice range of features, and it can do pretty much everything that a standard X1 remote does. Unfortunately the remote's remote software is horribly out of date. This means that it does not work with the latest firmware on the unit. I had to use a PC and some software to make the remote work. I don't know what the X1 Remote was like, but I'm glad to know that this remote is still a very capable product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was a great device until the software stopped working. I used the device for a week and had a hard time getting it to show a picture of the day. The only problem I had was when I went to buy a new battery, they were out of stock, so I bought a cheap battery. The new battery was much cheaper but still not worth the money. The charger is a good quality one, but the device is very hard to charge, even with the small USB plug.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ _______________ The first thing I noticed was the lack of features, the fact that there is no external display, the need to plug in the usb port or a cable every time you want to use it. I have two older models of the _________ ________ ________ and these are pretty much the same as these. I don't like them and I have no idea why someone would. ____________ ___________ It is pretty cheap _____________ ________ I have to agree that it's very easy to connect to the internet and you can connect to your own wifi, but the device does not support the ____ _______ ________ or ________. ______________ ________ The other two models are a bit more expensive and have a larger display but do support _________. I do not have a device for this price range and I can't afford to buy a second one for my ________. ____ \_ ____ / I really like the idea of this device, but it's just too expensive to be worth it. _______ / I have the _____ ____ but it doesn't have a remote, so I use a bluetooth mouse to control the computer from another room. _____\_ _____ / ________ (I also use a Bluetooth keyboard) _____ \_____ / The keyboard is very nice and it works well. The remote is nice too, but I like my wireless keyboard. __________________________ ______________________ I think the one of the most important things I like about this device is the fact you don't have to have a separate device for the keyboard, you just plug it into the keyboard. I would also like to have it connected to a wireless network so I can control it over the Internet. ____________________ _____________________________ _________________ I like the fact the you can play games using the keyboard or the mouse. The only thing I don' like is the keyboard can not be controlled with the mouse and you have to use the keyboard to control it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device worked fine for the most part, but it would sometimes give a "bounce" that would make the screen look weird, or even go blank. This happened with almost all of the devices I have bought over the years, and the best I can figure out is that it's due to the battery running out. It's a fairly cheap device, so I'm not really surprised by it, but still, don't buy this one if you don't need a screen that can be used for video editing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this a few months ago, and its terrible, every button on this thing just takes a long time to do what you want, i dont know why they sold this for $200 but i cant afford to be using a $800 $3000 computer every single day of my life. ive replaced the motherboard, and a lot of other parts to no avail. idk what to do, i want to get my money back, but i dont think it will. ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Pros: - very powerful Cons: - poor build quality - expensive (almost twice the price of a similar computer)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I purchased this as an impulse buy for my new MacBook Pro. It works, but I have a hard time using it as my main computer because the volume buttons don't work and the touchpad is too small to type on. It's fine for my work computer, but not my primary one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent, lightweight and compact laptop I am very pleased with my new Lenovo Y50. The build quality and portability is superb and it can be powered from a single 6V 2A wall plug. The screen is fantastic and the keyboard is very comfortable and light. I have only been using it a couple of days but I'm very impressed so far. The battery life is excellent. The only negative I can think of is the keyboard. I'm not a fan of the backlit key and the key travel is not quite as good as I would like. But overall a great laptop.  the only negative thing is the key, that is the backlight key, its too small and its too light, but i love the key its just the size of a key on a normal key. the keys are backlit, but the backlights are too small, i have to press the keys several times to see if i'm pressing the right key.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is my third Macbook. I have never had a bad one. The speakers are okay. It has a bad trackpad, the keyboard is good, and it has a good battery. I think it is a good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________The sound was bad,the battery life was bad...I got the blue one and the sound was fine,but I was expecting a blue one, I would recommend it only if you want to have a nice sound for a very little price...  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: germany-online
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a number of the iolite portable chargers and these ones are just a huge disappointment. They are so flimsy that i cant see how they can hold a charge at all. The usb port on these is the worst i have seen. It is so weak that the battery literally falls out of it at a certain point. i wouldnt recommend this to anyone.   iolite charger is a joke, so far ive been able to make it work. but it will fail eventually. it's not worth the money. i bought the blue one with a white color option but it didnt work well either.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is bad. The buttons are all very small and hard to use. The screen doesn't rotate, so you have to keep your finger on the screen while using it. The sound is horrible. It's almost like you're hearing a very low volume speaker at times. The battery life is horrible because of this. The only way to get through the entire day is to keep it plugged in. You have to charge it every other day or more. The microphone is so weak that I had to use my own microphone to get a good audio clip of what I was saying. I could only get about 1-2 sentences out of the microphone. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned the  Samsung S3 for several years now. It's great in my house. I have the 16gb and 32gb models. My main complaints is that the screen is very reflective. I put a white and black shirt on and a white shirt on a black shirt and my screen is still very bright. The phone also picks up static and static noises when you have a static speaker. It also has a very weak battery life. I can get 4-6 hours of use out of the battery. I've never had a problem with the battery life of any Samsung phone. I was hoping for a better screen, but for the price and for how great the phone is, I'd get another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this thing for less than a month, and I'm already experiencing problems. First off, I'm using it for a hobby and not for a living. I'm also not a fan of the plastic construction of the case. It looks cheap. The only thing good about this is that it's relatively small, and it does its job fine for a phone/tablet. That being said, it is a pain to set up. The directions for setting up the device are pretty bad, and not very clear about the process. I've already done this more than once. I got the tablet and keyboard case separately. It is really hard to adjust the keyboard while using this thing. If you're not a keyboard person, this is going to be a big pain. Also, the tablet has a very cheap feel to it, and you can tell that the manufacturer didn't spend a lot of money on it.   Overall, I recommend the case if you want something small and light for this purpose. But you'd be better off buying something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for a couple months now and its not working very well at all. I have had it for a few weeks and it hasnt even run on a full charge. My screen is very dim on this unit and it doesnt even have a micro usb port on it, the usb port is on the bottom of the unit and not at the top, and the screen gets extremely hot when you use it for extended periods of time. The only reason i gave it 3 stars is because it does have an excellent picture quality, and i love the sound quality. If you are looking for a cheap, basic, simple, decent electronic device, then this is it, but if you are like me and have been using it for almost a year and want something a bit more fancy than the average iphone, then you should get something a little more sophisticated and expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this phone for work. it works well, but theres so many problems with it i would never recommend this product to anyone. 1) the screen does not rotate in a way that makes it easy to use as a desktop computer. 2) the keyboard and touch pad are horrible. i bought a replacement keyboard and the touch pad and this is a huge step back. i'm going to have to give it up.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 2 months and it is still a piece of crap! its so flimsy i had to take it apart to make a small repair to fix the problem of it falling off the table. the phone itself is great, but the fact that it cant hold a charge is a total joke. it is also not a true ipod/iphone because there is no support for mp3 files. i think this phone is for rich people or those who want the best, but for the price you cant expect it to do more than it does.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: s2t0n2n
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* This is the worst purchase I have ever made in my entire life. The first time I plugged it in, I felt like my heart was going to stop. I don't know what was wrong with this product, but it just wasn't worth it. I would highly recommend getting the better quality unit, but if you are looking for a cheapo, this will get you by.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************************** The item was shipped very fast, but the item arrived damaged. The back plate on the front was bent, and the batteries on the back had a slight leak. If I had not seen the pictures, I would have said that the item was not damaged. However, I knew that the batteries would not work, so I took it back. I will never purchase anything from this company again. I have tried to return the item, but no one wants to accept it. I would give 5 stars, but that is impossible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really like the Eos. It's a great small size camera that is easy to use, with a good zoom range. The only thing I wish it had is a flash. I have a Canon T3i and it has the flash. The Eos does not. I use it in a small room with no flash and no other light sources. This is a shame because I would love to have the flash on my Eos as a backup for the Canon. The camera is very light. It is definitely not the lightest or most powerful camera out there but it's nice to have. I bought the camera because of the camera quality and the image quality. I'm not disappointed. It took a few tries to get used to the different settings but I think I've gotten good at it now. I like the zoom and the ability to use different cameras. I would buy this camera again if the flash wasn't so expensive.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had two of these devices, and I've been waiting for the new one to come out for months. I've tried two different models, the one that has the remote control is nice and easy to use, but the one with the keyboard is terrible, it is extremely hard to use the remote. I'm not sure if this is a defect in the device, or just a feature that they wanted to include, but I'm really hoping for a better keyboard on the new version.   If you're a gamer, this is probably the best gaming controller you can buy.   The only thing I'm upset about is that the bluetooth is so bad. I get the feeling that it has something to do with the battery, and that it gets really hot. I have been using it a few hours now, and it's still hot. It's like you have to plug the controller in to charge it every time you want to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- After the first time I used this I was really disappointed. I was expecting a better device. It worked but after about a year of use I have noticed that it has a very low battery life. It was supposed to last about 8 hours but is now only 4 or 5. I have to charge it at least once every other day. I've had it for a year and I still haven't gotten it to work. I know it's a good product but for the price I expect better.  Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  and very satisfied... "This is a great product. I used to own a Nokia Lumia and the G4 is even better. I like the fact that it comes with a camera too. . I recommend this to my friends, I hope they get it as well."  From: "Glad I finally bought it, this is my second one now. The G4 has more features and is better to use than the Nokia Lumia."  in "I have been a customer of T-Mobile since I got my first cell phone (Nokia) in 1996, but I have finally upgraded to the GSM G4. I bought my G4 through Best Buy. I received my device in two days and I'm extremely happy with my purchase. I'm not very tech-savvy and I was very hesitant about upgrading from my Nokia Lumia 920, but this phone is much better. It has more memory than the 920, more features, more screen, and the camera is better. The battery life is great and I like that I can get more than 6 hours on a charge. I use my phone most for calling and texting and it has the same great voice quality and volume. It's nice to have a removable battery, so I can charge it on the go. Overall, this phone rocks and I can't recommend it highly enough. You really can't go wrong with the T-Mo G4."  and much more: "I use my G3, G4, and HTC One M8. I am a student and I need the phone to be able to make calls and text on my phone. I got this T-mobile G4 because I was hoping it would have more memory and I needed a new phone, but in the end I am very happy with it. It works perfectly and I would definitely recommend it to anyone. I love my phone." -T-Mobile
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  I bought this unit to use at the office as a printer. I am a software person and it is a great unit. However, I was using it as a printing device and it did not print properly, and the ribbon feeder did not work. I contacted the manufacturer and they sent me a replacement unit. I have not used the printer since then, but I can tell you that I am going to keep this one.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Michael B. :  Reviewed by:from :on
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Bowers & Wilkins TH-X300 to use as a desktop amp for music. I am using it for music and not for home theater. The sound is a bit muddy and not as clear as the B&W's I have used. It is not bad for what I am trying to do. However, for the price, I expected a lot more from it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this because I have an iphone 4 and a ipad mini.  I use my iphones for watching videos and playing games.    When I got the iphony I was surprised to find it was a great iphon.  The screen is much larger then the ipad mini and it does not have the ips or a usb.  I really like it and the battery lasts a long time.  It is not the best iphono I have ever used but iphonies are a bit pricey  so if you want to save a little money you should buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace a previous computer that had been sitting in my basement for 20 years. It is absolutely horrible. The only good thing about it is that it is very light. It has a nice build quality, the case is very sturdy, but there is nothing that will make it stand up to my son's computer. There are several issues with the monitor. The biggest issue is that the pixels do not look correct. I could not read what was on the screen, and the text on the text boxes was very small. Also, there is a huge black area around the bottom of the screen. I am not sure if it is a flaw in the monitor or if there is something wrong with the computer itself, but this is just a bad monitor. I also bought this for my husband, who is a computer guy. He has a different brand of monitor that is much better quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The quality of the product is the best   I am very pleased  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this item to use as a remote for my iphone but the problem with this product is the battery does not last very long. I would like to purchase a longer battery but I will be replacing mine soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is about what I expected. The battery is a 2.4 Ah lithium polymer cell that is rated at 3.6 volts. The power rating is not bad for the size. It is a great option for someone looking for a portable charger. The only negative about the battery is the fact that it does not work on the iPhone 5.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This was a good phone. But the software is not good. I use it a lot. But there is a lot of bugs in the system. For example, there is no way to delete all of the notifications or search through them to find the one you want. The phone does not show your notifications in the list. There is no app drawer. I am very disappointed with this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am writing this review to let everyone know that I bought the Samsung Galaxy Note 3, but I have been having problems with the battery. I purchased this phone in May, 2013, and I had it for about a month. After about 3 weeks I realized that the phone was getting really hot, and had a blue screen. I sent it back, but within a couple of days the phone would start to overheat and shut down. Then it would go back on and it would just keep on overheating. So I contacted Samsung and they told me that I could not have the battery replaced and it could have to be sent back to Samsung. I did so, but the phone wouldn't turn on anymore, it was giving me a blue display. So at this point I have just returned the phone. I have also contacted Samsung's customer service but they did not have an answer to my problem. I hope this review helps anyone else have the same problem I did.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to use with my Panasonic G7, and I was a little disappointed.  The buttons feel mushy and the screen doesn't read clearly enough for what I would expect to see.    My first impression was that the LCD is a little bit brighter than the screen of my G7.  This is the same problem that I have with my other Panasonic devices.  In addition, the buttons on this unit are a little mushy.  I'm going to return this item, and will be looking for a different brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for my sister-in-law who loves to play computer games. She loves to have her laptop out at a computer café, so we had to try out this new computer at a local store, and I must say it's just not up to par. There is a major issue with the wireless adapter that has a bunch of wires in it, and is just not comfortable. The laptop is a bit heavy and you have to put the screen up and have it tilted back and forth. It's also a lot of money for what you get. The software is a little slow, but still does what it's supposed to. Posted by Chris at 10:53 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The worst things about being a parent are the things you don't do for your children. You let them use the computer at a time that suits them and never give them access to the Internet or games. You turn them against the things they love. You put a lot of pressure on them to perform, even if it's at the expense of their health."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product. I was really excited to get this as I have had no good quality USB drive for my iPad 3, so this is perfect! I do have a problem with it being a little cheap and flimsy. I like the fact that the USB port is on the side, but that means it's really easy to break.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have only used this for 2 days and I have to say that it is pretty bad. First of all, the power adapter does not fit in the device. It has to be plugged into the wall outlet. Second, the touch screen is a little weird. It's like it is not aligned. I have had problems like this before with my iPad and my iPhone, but not like this. So far I'm disappointed with the product and have already decided to buy a different brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the most frustrating things I've ever bought. The buttons and buttons don't do what they're supposed to do, and the screen isn't bright enough. I was really hoping for better from this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JK from I love my Apple Watch. I love it. The first day I got it, I went out for a run, and my wife noticed it had a notification on it and she couldn't sleep. I asked what it was, and she said she was going to try it out for herself. She put it on her wrist, and in no time, it showed her heart rate. I think that's great. She liked it so much she asked me to buy her one. And I'm not complaining about it being wireless either. I am complaining about the fact that it's so frustrating to try and do anything.  is the only thing you can really say about this watch. It does what it says it does and it does it well. I use it at work to help me get things done and when I'm home, it's my watch and I use the smart functions. I do like the fact the watch is so lightweight and comfortable. My only complaint is I don't have any ideas to use this watch other than what is on the box. I have to buy a new watch to use the most useful features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very nice computer. It has a very fast processor. However, the screen is extremely small. It doesn't fit in my office.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is an embarrassment to a $200+ phone. I have to admit, I have a pretty high expectation for a $500 phone, but this phone is just a piece of garbage. The front panel is just plastic. The back has a tiny camera, and the earpiece is just not very good. I'm not a big fan of the phone either. The camera is awful, and when you turn it on, you can hear the hum from the battery. It's not a bad phone. It just is just awful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am a professional musician. I had to use this to play my keyboard. I did not like the sound that came out of the device. It was not that good. I will be looking for a new keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________  I used the S7 Edge on my AT&T iPhone 6s plus to stream music. It is very good in streaming music, but the S8 is far superior. I was very pleased with the S6 Edge as it streamed music on my iPhone 6 plus but then I upgraded to the S9 and the difference was even more pronounced. I am now using the S5 Edge as my primary smartphone. It's a shame because the S Edge is far more convenient, but I guess I will have to settle for the S3 Edge as the only S device I really use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for almost two months now and i have to say its one of the worst i've ever used. the first thing i noticed about the device is the quality of the speakers are terrible and it doesnt even make a sound when i play a CD. also the sound quality is terrible and i can only imagine the quality is worse when the unit is hooked up to a stereo. i am extremely disappointed in this device and i would recommend it only if youre a die hard rock fan.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound quality on this is awful. It's not just the bass and treble. The mids and trebles are very muddy and dull. This is just not good. You can't hear the actual bass note because it's drowned out by all the other sound problems. The volume knob is very sensitive. I can't turn the volume up past a reasonable level. The USB port is too close to the back of the unit for me. It makes it very easy to lose track of the music. This thing is horrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my new iphone 4 for about a week now and it is a horrible device, but i'm getting used to it, it is like holding a brick, i love the new camera, but it is slow and very laggy, and the phone freezes alot, ive also tried using the 3gs, and its a much better device, the camera is amazing, but the 3g is so much better
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It is a cheap computer. The case is cheap plastic, the keyboard is cheap plastics, the processor is cheap, the memory is cheap. The processor is a bit slow but it is a computer, it is not a phone. I would have expected more from a $250 phone, even if the screen was nice. I think that a lot of these phones are only worth $50-$100 if they work well and if they can hold a charge for an extended period of time. But the device works well for the most part but the battery is terrible. I have the same problem as many others who have bought this phone: The battery life is horrible. This phone is not meant to hold a battery charge for more than a couple of hours. But even with the battery being charged, I find myself getting low on battery quickly after a day or two. If you are like me and are a heavy user of the phone, this phone is probably not for you. But if you want a phone that is very cheap, that you can keep for a while, this is it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had an iphone iphones iphoness iphoner for 2 yrs and have always been satisfied with the product and service from iphonestudio iphonetunes iphona... I do not know what I did to ruin it but I just got a iphono for my iphonewave iphonedrive iphoom.  This iphonel is so cheap and made so poorly iphong.  iphondude iphoni... The worst ipho I have ever had. iphons are so much better than this one iphonsek iphoss iphook iphome iphom iphoware iphos iphofon iphobox iphophones ixpons iphoo iphoth iphor iphpone ixpb iphpr iphop iphroware ixpho iphot iphosh iphots iphour iphors iphound iphraw iphr iphsc iphson iphso iphsw iphts iphto iphtw iphup iphw iphx iphy iphz iphoz iph0 iph1 iph2 iph3 iph4 iph5 iph6 iph7 iph8 iph9 iphl iphm iphn iphoc iphny iphod iphoe iphol iphox ipp ipl iplo iplox iplx iplz ipn ipl0 ipl1 ipl2 ipl3 ipl4 ipl5 ipl6 ipl7 ipl8 ipl9 ipla iplb iplc ipld iple iplf iplg iplh ipli iplj iplk ipll iplm ipln ipp0 ipp1 ipp2 ipp3 ipp4 ipp5 ipp6 ipp7 ipp8 ipp9 ippa ippb ippc ippd ippe ippf ippg ipph ippi ippj ippk ippl ippm ippn ippi ippo ippp ippq ippr ipps ippt ippu 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is terrible and needs to be replaced. It constantly has issues and I have had to put it down because of it.  I would have been much happier if they had put a switch on the switch. The unit is so difficult to use because of all the things that go wrong.    This unit needs a major overhaul and they need to get rid of this product. 5/5 "This unit was a great value at $49.00. I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to others. It is easy to use and a lot of fun to use. I have a few other fun toys and this is one of the best and my son will use it every day!"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is so bad that I couldn't hear the music when the tv was on. The tv does have HDMI inputs but the sound came from the tv's speakers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you are reading this review, then you are probably the same kind of person that bought this product. This was a great buy. I was skeptical about it since I have been looking for an inexpensive way to listen to my iPod for some time now. The sound quality is great. The only problem I have is that the iPod is constantly beeping. I think the noise is coming from the USB cord. I'm just a little upset that I spent $50 for the product. I don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's good if you need something cheap.    It's good for light entertainment, but don't expect a lot of features or good quality.  This is my second one.  I think this one was cheaper at the store and just not as good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery lasts so little, and the screen is extremely small compared to the size of a standard cellphone.  I had to use the included charging cable twice in order to get it charged at the level I needed.    This device is a waste of time and money.  I am not sure if this will help my wife.  Overall:   The LG V10 is an excellent smartphone, if you want the best in the price range.  The LG V30 is the perfect balance of good looks and features.  In this review, I've been using both and I've loved them both.  For me, the V30 wins.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is useless.  It will never play CD's, and I'm sorry, but the audio is so bad that I can't imagine anyone buying this.    I've bought other cheap sound cards in the past that work just fine, but this one is a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My friend got this as a gift. He is a big guy and it was a little hard to lift the battery case because it is too big to hold it in the case. I had to take a hacksaw to it and use the other battery to lift it. The speakers are really good, but I am only able to listen to my iPod at full volume. The battery is only about a year old, so it is not too good. I don't know why it is so expensive but I guess because of all the buzz it gets.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a number of iphone iphones, the only problem is they dont work when you try to use them, you have to use your computer and turn it on, also i got the new ipod 4 but they dont have a usb port so i cant use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is really nice for watching a movie but the sound quality is really bad and not as good as the sound from a blu-ray player. Also the buttons on this unit are really cheap. The remote is also really cheap and doesn't work. The battery life is also pretty short. I also wish the battery life was longer, especially with my HD antenna. Also, the box it came in was cracked and the plastic had been chewed up.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It's an amazing product! I have a couple of cheap, broken out-of-the-box, cheap knock-offs. The new one is a real keeper. The sound is clear and very high quality. The battery life is also great, as long as you don't play too loud. The only thing I don't like about it is that it has no "on" button. I would have liked to have the option to turn it off without turning it on. Other than that, it's a very good device!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this phone for over a year, it is very good but the buttons can get stuck sometimes so i bought a usb cable and put it to sleep. then the usb connector broke and the phone died. then i found this one and im using it for my new laptop and the keys are the same as my old phone. and the battery is not the best. so i dont really recommend this phone if youre on a budget.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "We ordered an "E-book reader" for our daughter who is "a voracious reader" and we needed a device that would provide her with a way to access a wide variety of text based material. I thought this was a great idea, but was extremely disappointed when she tried to read the "Kindle Fire" that she had ordered. The device was not able to read "Kindles" and "Nook" tablets. We immediately contacted the manufacturer and they provided us with a new "Kindly" that works as advertised. My daughter is still using the original Kindly device and is very happy with it."   Read full review   1 of 1 customers found this review helpful I ordered the Nook and Kindle Fire. I read about all the problems but the problem I had was that the NOOK would not work with the Kindle Fire when the Kindle was connected to a computer via USB. The NOOK did not read ebooks. I got another NOOK and this one has not had any problems.  1of1 customers found the following review helpful Nice product but not for me. The ereader works great but the device doesn't have a headphone jack and the battery life is pretty weak. I had to replace my battery. The quality of the device is pretty good and the display is bright and clear. But as a general consumer I'm not a big fan of this product because it does not support many of the popular devices. Also, if you want to buy the ereader without the wireless speaker, you can get the Nokte one for $50 less.  (April 25, 2015)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for about a month now. i bought this for a Christmas present to myself but i have had no problems so far. the thing is amazing and i love it. i'm really impressed with the battery life. i have it set to charge to full in about 2 hours and then it is off for about 5 hours to charge again. i get a little tired after a while, but it is still very powerful. i highly recommend this product.  Review of DJ0270-00 Submitted By: Richard H. - Verified Buyer This product works great. The sound quality is good. It can be charged by the wall or a computer via the USB. I have the sound card from the computer and plug into the TV for the TV to charge.  the only downside is the price. I paid $90 for the sound and $60 for the computer.   Other than that, its a great device  Reviewer: Anonymous - Verifying Buyer I just got this device about a week ago and have been playing for about 2 weeks now. The unit is easy to setup and it seems to be very well built. It also appears to be fairly quiet (I was able to hear a distant bass note in a mix at max volume and it didn't sound like it was coming from the speakers) It is a little big though so if you are planning on using it on a desk top with a lot of cables it might be better to get something smaller. If I had to give this product a negative I would say that it's definitely not a portable device, as it takes a lot more space than a regular usb device (it has a 5.25 inch drive bay, as well as a USB port).   Overall, I'm pleased with my purchase, especially considering the price, and I'm excited to try out the new app and see what it's capable of.  .    The app is very cool. It allows you to control it from your phone, and it has the ability to play music from a variety of sources (i.e. Spotify, iTunes, etc.)   I highly recommend it. I was surprised at how quiet it is compared to other devices I own. It's definitely a nice option to have.  of the 5.0 stars, this was the only one I had trouble with. ,  ,,  Read More Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  You won't be able to use it. I bought this for my wife and she really likes it but she hates the buttons. I guess she doesn't like it because it's a little loud but I have to use a speakerphone with it and my kids have no problem. I was hoping it would be better but it's just ok. I wish it came with a case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound is very good, but the sound is also very loud. I am really concerned about hearing damage because I am a professional audiophile and I have a very sensitive hearing system. This is a terrible design choice.   The good:  There is a good soundstage  Good sound  Easy to use  Great sound  of good quality, it has been a while since I've owned a good, reliable electronic device that is easy to use, very portable and has excellent sound. The iMac is one of the best of the current generation, and I really can't find anything bad to say about it. It is simply the best.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I am in my mid-40s and have used a few different digital watches over the years. I finally bought the Epson Epson Stylus II because of the amazing features that it has. Unfortunately, this is the first electronic watch that I will have to buy a new one for. I have used it for a couple of years and the batteries are slowly dying. The watch does work and the features are amazing. It's just that it is taking a long time to charge and it just doesn't last long enough. I'm so disappointed with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The device does not even work, I used it for 5 minutes and the device is dead. I can't even get a signal on my computer. I'll never buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* The battery life on this was about 2 hours. That is it. It will not last more than that. It has to be charged every night. Also, I'm not sure what you are expecting from a $150 gadget that you have to charge every night, and that's just to use it as a remote. You have to put in a small amount of time every day to use this gadget. It's like having a phone that's always on. No one wants that. I was very disappointed with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a new computer this week, which is great since I am just finishing my bachelor's degree in the spring and I have a lot of free time on my hands.  The computer I got is very nice, but it was very slow. I used the computer for about a week and then I was getting frustrated with the computer's slow performance.  I thought about getting a new one, but after doing a little research I found this review  which I really liked.  So I decided to go for it and bought the computer.  My only problem is that I have no idea how to make it work!  It has been working fine for the last 2 days, but the next morning I noticed that the screen was black!  I'm not sure what went wrong.  I have tried the reset and reinstall, and they both worked fine, but this morning I decided it was time to go back to the store.    The store told me the computer was damaged and I would have to return it.  However, the tech at the store said it is still working and they would give me a new monitor if I wanted one.  Now I'm stuck with this new computer.  Now, this isn't the best review I have ever written, but I don't really have any other option.    I am very happy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a year now and it works fine but i noticed a big flaw the first day i had it its backlight doesn't work. the backlight is supposed to work in different levels of brightness and this thing doesnt work that way. i cant even use it in the dark. i got a replacement but it didn't solve the problem. i bought a new one but i keep getting the same issue. i think i just got a bad unit and i'm not happy with this. i'm gonna have to get a new model.  Style of a good watch: This watch is stylish. The black metal case and leather straps are comfortable and stylish. I got the tan one but it's pretty similar to black as well. It comes with a leather strap that you can change out to suit your tastes. I bought this for my wife, who is a watch girl but this watch is great for her too. The watch face is a nice square with different colored icons. The analog buttons are great and the digital buttons are nice and large. The time is great to read, and you can set up different alarm tones. I have my wife using the watch for work, so she likes to wake up in the morning. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't come with a case. I've been looking for one but have been unable to find one. The band that comes with it is very comfortable though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this several times in the past, and it works fine, but the batteries last about 2 years before they start to die. it has a lot of battery power but if you need a power source, i recommend buying the bigger ones. I can only recommend this if you are looking for a power outlet or just want to save money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ipod touch for less than 2 months now and the only thing good about it is the sound quality, but its just not as good as the other ipods. I think the sound is too much like a CD player but then i dont have a cd player. i wish it had the same quality as the ipods 2 and 3. i would buy a second ipod for the price but i dont know if i can keep it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this in the summer of 2010. It was the first thing I got from my brother who is also a huge computer geek and is a big fan of the old computers and games I grew up with. This unit is very nice, well built and has everything I needed. The only problem was the "chime" when you turned it on. When I turned it off, the chime didn't go off. I tried two or three times and still no chime. I would have to call Apple tech support and they would send me a new unit. After a few calls and no success, I finally just went and bought another one. I have had no problems with this unit since. Rated 5 out of 5 by Mimi from Best TV ever! I was in the market for a new TV and had a hard time finding one that I liked. I was very skeptical about this TV. I knew I would like it once I saw it in person but had a lot of doubts about the size and quality. Well, I must say, I am very happy with this TV! I bought this for my boyfriend's birthday, I told him it was my favorite TV. It is beautiful, it has a lot features, and it is really easy to use. The set itself is beautiful and is easy to see in the dark. I will be recommending this to a lot people I know!  Rated 4 out of5 by Anonymous from Great Picture, but the picture can be blurry The picture is very good. The picture has great detail. The colors are vibrant and bright. I wish it had a little more clarity on the picture but it is still very good and crisp. The quality of the picture is a great feature of the television and a bonus. The sound is good. It has a good sound quality. I did have the TV connected to a high speed Internet connection and it sometimes lagged a bit when playing a video. That is not a problem with this television. I am not a big movie buff so I haven't had any problems playing videos.  This is a nice set. Great picture, good sound. Only thing that would be better is the remote control. It's very small and hard to use (but that's a small issue). The only negative thing I have is that the screen door in the TV doesn't have a little plastic cover like the remote does. I like the plastic cover on the screen but the door doesn't.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only thing that is not great about this product, it is a really great speaker. If you are looking for a good speaker for your home or small business, this is it. I really like the look and size of the speaker, the sound is pretty good as well. I just wish the speaker were made in the USA. The only con I have about this speaker is the price. I think I paid about $150 for this thing. I bought the best quality, best priced speaker I could find and the product was not even close to being as good as the price I paid. It was not worth the price!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Sound, good price The first I've bought was a Bose model. This one is the same, but a little less expensive. Great sound quality, good size.  Review of DJBoothReviews.com by DJBH from We have a lot of these speakers in our living room. Great bang for the buck. Love them.  of DJH from OH I love these speakers. They sound good. I like that they have an on/off switch and that they are easy to install. I also like that it has a mute switch. If the volume gets too loud, you can just turn it off. This is a good product for the price and great for our entertainment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the iphone 4 and the ipad pro and the pro 2 and they were all great, but the pro 3 was a complete disaster, the screen was not responsive and it made me think i was going to break it every time i tried to get a picture on it, so i bought the pro 4 which is much better and is worth every penny ive spent on it so far, but i just wish i had bought the original one, the only reason i went for this one is because of the price and the fact that it is in the best condition i have seen from an iphonelife, but for the pro3 i would have preferred the original, so overall its a good device but its not worth the money  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from The pro 3 is not worth buying I bought this for my husband to use as his desktop computer for work. It has not worked out for us. He tried for a week to get it working on his macbook, and now he has to go buy a new one to use it. If you buy this and think it will work, it probably will. But I would recommend waiting for a refund if you don't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I received the item on Thursday and had it in my hands on Friday. I immediately went to my local store to buy a new one. The item that I was looking for was not there. The salesman that I spoke to told me that the store was out of the product and I was going to have to return the item. The return would have cost me more then the item was worth. I did not want to return it. The company that I bought the item from (Wiredzone) is a great place to buy electronics. It's a great store to use and I will buy from them again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great little device for the price. But I wish the back light was on all the time and not just in the dark. The other night when I turned it on and saw that the battery was down to about 5%, I realized I had forgotten to plug it in. I called the service center and they said to call back in a week. Now I've waited over a month and there's still no word.   The device works well. I've been using it a lot, especially with the motion sensor. I'm glad that it is battery powered and doesn't require batteries. I wish I'd been able to use the motion and voice detection on my iPad as well as my phone. I also wish it had a more powerful speaker, because when you talk it's hard to hear.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this product from Walmart and it was worth every penny. It's very light weight and very nice. I like the way the USB plug fits on the back of the computer. I also like the fact that you can power this thing off of a laptop with no extra hardware or a computer cable. The only problem is that the power button is not backlit and I had to get a flashlight to illuminate it. I'm sure the LED's are bright enough to be used as a night light, but I still prefer the brightness of the power switch. Also, I bought the USB 2.0 port to make the most of the USB port on my Macbook Pro. It is a good port, but it would have been nice to have the other USB port too. I'll keep using this USB port until I find a better one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: e-jail
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the s3 for 2 years now and it keeps breaking down. I have had 3 different s3's in my life so i know whats going to happen and the s2 just keeps breaking. The s3 just has a horrible warranty policy, its like the owner of the company is not even working for the customer. Im not really a fan of this product, its so expensive and ive been buying other stuff since the s1 was released, but i still bought this one and i just hope i dont end up with a defective one. I hope they get rid of this one too ive given up on this company now. ive heard of other people getting the same thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "It's a new year. Let's do better."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great device, but there are some issues with it: 1. The display is a bit small and dark. The LED is a little too close to the screen. 2. The charging light is a tad bright, even with the light on the unit. 3. The buttons are a little tough to press. 4. The USB port is slightly angled in a different direction. 5. The power/sleep button is slightly different from other models. 6. The software is a good step up from other smartphones, but it does have a few things that could be done better.  For example, the "back" button doesn't actually turn the phone off, it just closes the phone. Â This is kind of a bummer.    If you are a heavy Android user, this is a must-have!   The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I still prefer my Nexus 6P.  The Galaxy S8 and the OnePlus 3 are pretty good phones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------I bought this to replace a laptop that I bought two years ago and the batteries were dead. This thing is like replacing my old laptop with a laptop. The screens are good and bright. The computer is easy to use and looks like it is made to last. The only thing that makes this laptop disappointing is the price. The price is way too expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've owned this for about 2 years and have had several problems with it.   The device is pretty small and the screen is very low resolution.  It's not the best LCD for a $200 device.  The battery is also very weak.  When I get to about 5 or 6 days I end up with an empty battery and the light will just keep going off and on.  Also the speaker is a bit too weak. I get no sound from it at all.  I tried to get an RCA jack and ended up with a stereo headphone jack.  One of the first things I tried was a usb converter.  But it's really not worth the money.  In summary:  It doesn't have a great screen and battery life isn't great, so don't expect to be playing games for weeks on end.  Overall a very bad device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one had the worst interface I have ever seen. It would not register the buttons, it would not send the information to my phone or any other device, the battery life would be a joke, and it would constantly keep turning off. It did not matter how often I used it, the thing would shut off and come back on in a blink of an eye. I could not stand to watch the stupid animation on the screen any longer, and I had to take it out of the box, put it down, take out my key, and start all over again.  The whole time, the screen would keep flickering on and off.  I was very disappointed, and will be looking for another electronic device from now on. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the unit is easy to put together.  It is also a good size, and the design is beautiful.  I would recommend it to a friend, but be prepared to give it at least a 4.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to admit that I am really impressed with this little guy. I was expecting it to be an overpriced toy that would do little to my phone. I have a Droid 4 and this is pretty close. If you have an old Droid 4 or are planning on getting one for your kids, buy this. It is cheap and has a ton of power.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my samsung galaxy tab s2 for 3 months now. its a very good tablet, however it comes with a very bad case. it has to be pried open by a screwdriver to get the battery out and the samsung logo isnt on the top of the case and it doesnt fit in the usb port. i dont care for the fact that the case is a little cheap and the phone has a big plastic case, it still works well, but i dont want to take the risk with this device. ive had it for almost 2 years and would buy another samsung if it came with a usb port or a case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have the best of luck with my laptop (i7 4790k @ 3.50ghz, gtx 1060 ti, 32gb ram, 8gigs ram) and  the i7 is more power efficient than the gtx. So I purchased the 1060ti and I am really impressed.  It is so quiet, it has great battery life, it is very fast and stable.  I purchased the Intel HD 5500 to replace my  gigabyte gtx 970 (also a great graphics card) and I love it!   The only issue I have is that it doesn't run the new games as fast as the gpu I replaced it with, but that is only because the games are old (3 years old or older) but the 1059ti is fast and has a better power consumption.   Overall, I love my 1060 and am satisfied with the performance. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a year and have only had it one time. It was not working correctly when i got it. I tried a few things and the computer just started making strange noises that made me think something was wrong. So i called tech support, they said it was just my motherboard, so i took the computer back and they sent me a new one. When it was done i hooked it up to the computer and it started making sounds. The computer isnt making the same noises and its not making any strange noises. I love my new computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item as a gift and it was a disappointment. I expected a good quality electronic device that was of a good value. However the unit arrived with some scratches on the LCD screen, some of the buttons had been replaced with stickers, and there was some sort of grease on the power cord. I don't know why it was so bad. Also, the unit had some strange noise when it was turned on. The unit had been set up and the battery removed from the charger. I have been waiting for it for a week. The only good thing I can say about this unit is that it does not have a reset switch on the battery or the case. This means that if you ever get the unit back, you can't remove it from the case or reset it. I would not recommend this item to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good value but not perfect This is a very good little unit. The picture is good and the performance is great. The problem I have is that the cable is not a full size one and that the volume control does not work at all. I will buy another one for a friend.  is this unit good or is it bad?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My girlfriend and I both love the Energizer. She loves the way it fits her, how fast it charges and how small it is. However, I have had a few issues with it: - It is not very durable. We have had the battery pop off and the case fall off of the charger at least 5 times. - The charger is so slow to charge that it takes at least a half hour for the battery to charge. We've tried to adjust the power on the charger and to increase the speed but nothing has worked. - If you don't want to use a corded charger, this is the only one you can use. The other ones are too large and don't have an on/off switch.  The Good: Easy to use  Fits well  Charge fast  Good battery life The Bad: The case falls off the charger all the time  No on/ off switch  Charger is slow to recharge The Verdict: Great for charging your cell phone or anything else, but a bit too large for my girlfriend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iMac for over 4 years and have never been so happy to have it. The keyboard is great, the touchpad is great and the display is so bright and bright i love it! i wish my old one wouldnt have broke and i hate to be that guy who gets the iMac but can't stand the plastic. i also dont understand why the touch pad doesnt have an option to make it white or gray or even be translucent. i would love to see that option on my new one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A very good computer at a great price. I am a new mom with two young kids and wanted a computer to help keep them entertained while I am working. The iMac has not disappointed. It has a lot of power for a compact machine, but it still has the ability to keep up with the newest games, music, movies and video games. The one thing that I would change is the fact that the i-Mac comes with a built in DVD drive. The built in hard drive was really great for my older computer but not so good for this new computer. I would recommend this to anyone.  for more information, see my website: www.bethannalessio.com  Comments  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It does not seem to work correctly. If you don't want to get your feet wet, read the other reviews before purchasing. I bought this to use with my iphone, which is also not working. The problem is that the touch screen will not respond. It's like the screen is not turned on, but I have tried every solution that I can think of. The only thing that works is to charge the phone. I have also tried the remote. The remote does not work. So, the only way to control it is to use my imex keyboard and a remote. I am not a pro, but this is a terrible product and I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a little leery about the u-shaped metal body on the hdmi adapter. it doesnt seem to be very solid and is very flimsy, i have to hold it in place with two fingers when i connect to my tv. i dont think i can ever trust this type of device again. i hope they find a way to fix this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  iCade is a great little device.  I have a few  other little devices (iPod, MP3 player, laptop), and I am very happy with the  quality of  the  microSD  card.    I'm very happy that I purchased the   iCade.  I've used a lot of other   "smart" devices and   always   thought   that   the  i Cade   was   better than the rest of the    I am going to go ahead and give a good review about the    sound.  My only   complaint is   I wish that there was  an   option   for   a   USB   to   m3u   connection.  This   device   will   be   an   excellent   gift   item  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product arrived in good condition, and the sound is good. However, it is not worth the price and I am not willing to pay another $40 for this device.  I was skeptical about this one because it's expensive, but I'm glad I got it. It sounds great. I have no complaints. I think I'll stick with my earbuds or headphones and use the iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my husband who is a musician. The product works well and the software works well. But he doesn't like the controls on the device. The controls are small and hard to use. The control on the front is hard to press and you have to turn the knob and click a button on the back of the device to turn it on and off. It's difficult to turn on and is not easy to turn off. I'm really disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a horrible little phone. I bought it for my wife because she is not too good at tech. When I first got it it was a great idea to include a built in speaker. I tried it out and it sounded great. Then after using it for a few weeks I noticed that the speakers were not working. The sound was muffled. It would be nice if you could switch them on and off. The speaker on my other phone sounded better than this one. This phone is not for me. I can't see myself buying another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst i've seen in years. This thing can only charge on the wall. It's like a giant battery that's about the size of a lightbulb.  The micro USB port is very poor. I tried to charge it by using my usb hub, and it only got the power to charge one item.    This is terrible and needs a refund.  The battery is horrible. The micro usb port is like a paper clip.  This is my second one of these i've had and it's terrible. The only positive is the display on it is amazing.  I've used my ipad mini 2 for years and the display is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I received my Epson e8200 I was very excited. The pictures looked great, and it was easy to use. Unfortunately, I couldn't do much with it. The photos on the screen were grainy and the camera was not accurate. The images looked so grainy that I could not focus my view on a subject. I was looking for a digital camera to use with my old Canon EOS 6D. I have used my old one for many years and would like to keep using it but I was not able to use it because the camera is inaccurate. Also, it was not very fast. The only positive about it was the quality of the pictures. The problem with it is the quality. I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ It was the best thing that ever happened to me but i got a defective one. _______________ When i got it i was very disappointed with the screen. _________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an educational tool. It is the best learning tool I've ever used, but I would never recommend it to anyone who doesn't have a real computer at home. The learning program is very basic and if you want to take it to another level you need a real desktop computer. It does come with a CD with a few games that you can play, but if you're looking for a computer with a bit more memory, you're going to be disappointed. I used it with my iPad and my Mac Mini. My iPad is a lot more powerful and has better battery life than the MacBook Air, and I like the MacBooks design. The iPad is great for taking notes, but my MacBook Air is my primary computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got the bluetooth headset with my phone for Christmas. The device works as advertised. However, it took me several weeks to receive my device. I was extremely disappointed when I got it because the box had a very low quality print that said it would take 3-4 weeks to arrive. I have had similar problems with many electronic devices over the years. The bluetooth is very sensitive, so it is very easy to trip over if you are not paying attention. Also, it is extremely loud. It would have been much better if it was more discreet.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images dialog Previous Image Next Image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I bought this device, I knew it would be over priced. The device does not work at all, it was not a very good value for money. I would have bought the cheaper version of this device and I am very disappointed in this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* I am very happy with this purchase, it is a very nice product. I use it in a home office as a desktop speaker system. It has all the audio functions you need with excellent quality. However, the sound is so low that it sounds like a toy. The noise level is so minimal that I cannot hear anything when I listen to music. Also, the unit has no power switch, which means you have to turn it on or off by holding down the power button for 3-5 seconds. I wish the power cord was a little longer, as I can barely hear it when it is on. The unit is very easy to operate. It connects to your computer and you can set up a playlist and it will automatically play it to the speakers. The only downside is the lack of a power switch. Other than that, this is a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an iphone iphONE for a year and a half now. i thought it was going to be great. i was right. i just found out that it doesnt have the "s" button that i wanted. so, if youre a iphones owner, get another one. i would have given this 5 stars if it had the S-button. it's really good but it has some flaws, not the least of which is the fact that the back button is a plastic piece of junk.  Rated 5 out of 5 by kjk3 from Great purchase! I purchased this for my son. He was a bit hesitant about the size at first, but once he saw how well built it was he was totally on board! The only issue I had was the charging cable is a bit long for a phone, but I'll keep that in mind.  the battery life is amazing. I bought this to charge my old iph one and my iph 10g.  in my experience, iph has always delivered  I just ordered the iph 4g. This one will go on my kid's phone as he continues to grow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** ************************** I bought this for my girlfriend who has suffered from chronic fatigue syndrome since the age of 7. She's been using it for the last 3 months and it has helped with her symptoms, but she's not really a fan of its design. I have to admit, I too am a fan, but the one major flaw with it is that it is not water resistant and will eventually crack, just like every other electronic device on the market. I can't speak for the other reviews but I think they're either wrong or just don't understand how much water is needed for it to last longer. So, I decided to try this as a replacement and it's not as bad as the first one, but it's still a little disappointing. I'm very disappointed in this purchase and won't be buying anything else from Amazon or eBay, ever.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my first electronic device and I'm a little confused. I've been using it as a music player. However, the controls are very difficult to get to, and the buttons don't work at all. I'm not sure if the batteries are going bad or if this device is broken or what.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace a previous electronic device, a broken one, which I used a lot for a long time. I have the "Classic" version, which has a large button for power. I've used the original "classic" button on this one, but the original one was very difficult to use. It was difficult to find the right position to turn the device on and off. It also has a slightly smaller button that is too small for my thumb. The button for "off" is on the back, but it's so tiny that I'm afraid to turn it on. I'm hoping it's a manufacturing defect. The "Classic", which is larger, works just fine. The buttons are not as large as the ones for the "classic", so it's easier to find your desired button, which is more convenient than the "mini" button. But it's still a problem. The only positive I can say is that I don't have to worry about batteries. I'll definitely use the "Original" button again. Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device and buy it:    This was my first purchase and I am extremely pleased. It works great and it looks great. I wish I had bought it years ago. It's a great investment and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good quality device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first electronic device, and I bought it for a wedding.  It worked great for a couple of days and then the phone battery died.    The second I got home, it would not turn on at all.  It would not charge at all...it would not even turn on.  This device is so flimsy that I would not recommend it for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S5 Edge for my wife. It has worked great for her for a few months, but now she just uses her phone. We are going to get the Galaxy Note 4 when it is released this fall, but we will not be getting the S5. It's just not worth the cost, especially if you have a large phone like the Note 4.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return my  Epson Digital Photo Printer (which I bought on sale for $150) for a refund.  The printer came with a bunch of bad firmware issues (which are not fixed in the latest update).  It would print fine for about 1/3 of the time and would run out of ink in under 30 minutes.   I called the customer service at Epson and they said they would replace the printer for me, but would be sending me a new one and it would be shipped by a FedEx.  The new printer arrived 2 days later and was working fine, so I thought it would have worked if the printer had worked.  I took the printer out of the box, plugged it in and turned it on.  But the printer would not start up.  So I took it back to Epson's support desk and the person there told me that there was a problem with the firmware and that the printer was not being serviced.  They sent me a refund for the printer and told me I had to send the printer back to them to be serviced again.  Unfortunately I could not do that because I have a $400 printer that I bought a year ago.  Epson should send me a replacement printer but I will probably be ordering one of their better models as soon as I get the chance.  This is my third Epson printer and I love them but they are not a great printer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really wanted to like this product but the only way I can describe it is it's just a big clunky old piece of junk that doesn't do anything. I can't even call it a phone because it doesn't have a dialer. I tried a number on the keypad but it just makes a noise and doesn't work. I don't like the idea of buying a brand new piece of crap to use as a phone so I went back to the store and got a used phone for $1. Don't buy the Galaxy S7 Edge unless you need a smartphone and you're ok with a very basic phone:    I'm not happy with this purchase. The only reason I purchased this phone was the new Galaxy S8+ and it was a great phone. The S7 edge is a massive downgrade to the S8+. The S8 had a fantastic camera, the S7 was amazing with it's superior battery life, and the S6 Edge was the best phone on the market until the S5. The Galaxy S6 was just as good as the S4 and the Galaxy Note 5. It has a great camera, great battery life and is better than the Note 5 in every way. I will definitely not be buying another Samsung device in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought many of these in the past, but this one is the worst. It does not even have the function of the light on the back to make it easy to turn on and off. It is also very small and does not provide enough of a battery life. I do not recommend this product! Good, but don't buy it I have owned this product for over a year. I really like it because of the size and battery life it gives you. The only thing is the light is small and the battery life is only 3-4 hours. I am just about to order another one. Good product, bad packaging I've owned the product for 3 months and I'm very satisfied with it. I use it on my computer and my phone to look for movies on Netflix or the like. It's small and compact and does exactly what I need it to do. I love it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iLounge is the first electronic device I have owned that has caused a serious headache.  When it came in I thought it would be a good tool to keep my guitar and bass from getting damp.   I was wrong.  The device is so thick and heavy that it creates a lot of vibrations that the bass and guitar picks up.  When the bass is played it vibrates very hard, and the guitar picks it up and vibrates it.  I tried using a guitar pick to dampen the device but it was not effective.  This device was purchased for my son who is a bass player.  It was not made for the bass player, and is not very comfortable for the guitar player to use.  My son was very disappointed in the product.  You get what you pay for, but this is definitely not worth the money.  UPDATE:  I received a new one, and it works much better.  Now I can easily keep my bass and other electronic devices from getting too warm or damp.   Rating:    Outstanding Product Did you find this review helpful? Yes What is the best amp for bass?   The sound is fantastic.  So, how is it?  The bass is very clear and has a great mid range.  Bass is clear and the mids are warm.  A good bass is a hard thing to find.  What makes a good bass? The sound is awesome.  Why do I recommend this amp?  I can get a lot out of this amp.  With the 2 speakers I got the best of both worlds. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************ I bought the first one of these devices, a model number BX-9, about a year ago, it was the first time I bought an e-reader and I've loved it since. It's a fantastic device and I can't think of a single thing I wouldn't buy again. However, about the same time I got the device, it also started getting really weak. When I first got it, the battery was at 80%, it's now down to 35%. I went through two new batteries in about a month, the first was the battery from another BX device and the second was the same from the first. I don't know how to fix it so I'm just going to go with a new one, the problem with the first BX is that it's not even a real e-book reader. I'm sure that the device is very good but if I'm going to spend this much money on a device, at least get it working properly.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my brother and he loves it but I have to say I have not used it at all. I did not like that it has no power switch, I was trying to use a USB cord to charge it but it had no power to the USB cord. Also, the screen was flickering when it was on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since the day i bought it, but now its no good at all, everytime im on the computer i feel like the battery is running out, every single time the mouse doesnt work the mouse is the worst ive ever used it ive owned every mouse out there but this one is worse then all of them and if i didnt have a mouse mat on the desk i would have to have it removed and get a real mouse.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good mouse! I like the small size of the mouse and the ability to customize it to your liking. I've only had it for a month but so far it works well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to have my own music player that would be controlled by a computer. Unfortunately, this device is not only expensive, but it is poorly made.  There is a lot of plastic that breaks easily. Â It has no way to charge the battery, and you need to buy the separate AC adapter for the computer.    The remote control has a lot more buttons than the actual player.    The speaker has a weak bass, and the sound is not very clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen on this device is horrible.  I've had it for 2 months now and it's still showing a lot of battery drain.  I would highly recommend against buying this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm not a computer guy and I am really excited about this new phone. But the screen has been really annoying me. I use my phone every day. It has been great for me. But I am not a big fan of the new screens on this new phones. It's just the way the company is now.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost a year now and its finally dead and I have to send it back. it has a terrible built in speaker, it doesnt even have any bass at all. I have it plugged into my laptop which is pretty much a high end computer so its not that bad but it is definitely not worth $200 dollars. i will be sending it back, I will just get an i7 laptop next time. i dont see why someone would pay $200 for something that doesnt even sound good.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ If you have a decent computer and you want to get some work done on it but are tired of the poor sound quality, the low resolution, and the terrible battery life, this is the machine for you. The build quality is excellent. The screen is really good and the audio is pretty good for a cheap system. The built in speakers sound great but are not good enough to replace your laptop's speakers, but for music it's a good improvement. The problem is that the battery life is terrible. The first 2 hours are great and then it dies. The only solution I can think of is to keep a spare battery in the computer or buy a replacement battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This is a great unit. It is extremely easy to use and the built-in battery makes it very reliable. My only complaint is that the button that allows you to select the mode is very hard to push. I would have preferred that the mode be a more simple switch (e.g. one that goes from sleep mode to loud/vibrate/breathing). ___________ The only thing I didn't like about this unit is that there are 2 different volume levels. It's very hard on the ears when you're on the go and it's difficult to hear if the unit is turned off when the music is playing. It also doesn't make much noise when it's on (at least in my case). _________________________ Overall I'd recommend this to anyone who is looking for an easy to set up, very dependable, portable unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. I bought the battery for my iPhone 3GS. After the battery died, the phone came back to life. I've replaced it multiple times since. I also have a Sony DSC-H900W and it has worked perfectly, except when the screen gets dirty, the screen starts to come off and the battery goes dead.   2. The phone has no protection against being dropped. It's not waterproof or splash proof.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an hp printer that i have been using for many years. i was very disappointed when i noticed that the paper feeder that was used to print the print jobs were defective. i used to have a standard hp printer but after the first time i saw the paperfeeder it was just not a good idea. now i have a much more expensive brand of printer. the hp paperfeeders are very poor quality and do not print well at all. I have had to use my own paperfeeding and have had my printer for years. so i will continue to use hp but not recommend the paperfeders from them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used this I was not pleased. The sound quality is good and the features are nice. However, the batteries die very quickly, and I have to replace them regularly. I'm sure if I use it for a long time the batteries would last a long while. Also, the USB connector is a little awkward and difficult to use, so I ended up using my computer instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This was a bad purchase. It was too heavy and bulky. I have an older, but not so big, tablet and this one was too big for my old one. This is not my first experience with a "smart" device. I bought a smart phone and it did not work. This "smart phone" is much bigger and heavier than my old phone and not as smart. The sound of this thing was terrible. It's like they cut a tube of speakers and just put them together. I don't know what kind of speakers these are. It sounded like they used cheap speakers that were just made to sound like they were on. The battery lasted for about an hour and I could not get a full charge in about 3 hours. It did not get warm or cool at all. My friends and I did not know how to turn it off and it kept charging even though we were trying to turn off it. I'm disappointed in the purchase.  Rated 4 out of 5 by MZ from It works, but a bit too loud I bought the Wifi + Bluetooth to replace my laptop's old wired connection to the router. It works fine, but the sound is very much to loud. My old laptop had a much quieter sound and had to be turned down to avoid being out of line of sight. I was hoping to replace it with the newer model, but I didn't like the new design much. It doesn't look as sleek as the old one, but it does everything I wanted it to. I've been using it for a few days now and the battery life is good, and the performance is good. My only real complaint is that the Bluetooth function is not the same as the older model. The Bluetooth function requires pairing and I'm not sure how to do this with the new device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very well designed device, but the screen is a bit of a disappointment. It is very bright and clear but it is very difficult to see the digits and the letters. I think it is a little overpriced. The screen also doesn't display the color tones that well.  I recommend this product to others.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product is just awful. The micro usb port does not work for charging. It has a lot of issues with it's connection to the computer. It constantly has to be reset by the computer when the battery goes down and then it needs to be plugged in for it to charge up again. Also the batteries last so long but the device itself is so expensive that it is not worth it. The only good thing about it is that it can charge my iPhone 6 but the micro usb connection is not the best so it takes 2 or 3 tries to charge it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the kobo for over 2 years and it is a great ereader. ive read books from a number of different authors and they all seem to be in great condition.  the only thing i really don't like is that its always on.  i read on it and then have to turn it off and wait for it to recharge.  it has a really good battery life and the only downside to the device is the size.   Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 28, 2015  It is very useful  by Robert from Poughkeepsie NY USA  Pros: Very portable, easy to read, light, no battery life issues  Cons: Battery life, no WiFi (if you can't get a signal in your area).  Review: I like it a lot. Its a very nice ereader and I use it all the time for my college classes. The only thing I dislike about it is that it doesn't come with a USB cable. It is a little bulky, but it is much easier to use without the extra cables. The battery life is pretty good, but the WiFi is not great. I bought a Wacom tablet with a Wifi adapter, and it works just fine with the ereader as well. I just have to be careful that the ebooks don't get erased if I go back to my laptop or desktop. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a fantastic keyboard! I use a Dell computer and this keyboard is perfect for me. The key spacing is great, and the key spacing between keys is great. The keys feel great in my hand and the rubberized coating is nice to touch. The backlighting is a bit bright, but it is fine for work. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this keyboard!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This product is the worst electronic device!!! The button does not work, the USB cable is very cheap. And the battery is too weak to last for more than 5-6 hours on the USB charger.!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *****************************   First off, it came in two pieces. The plastic piece that holds the battery is very thin. I cut off the plastic piece so it fit well. The whole unit is very well constructed and seems very durable.   The device itself is pretty much identical to my EEE2. It is an excellent product. I like that the display can be turned on or off from the front of the unit. I really like the fact that it does not have a built-in charger like the EEE1. It also has a built in speaker. The built- in speaker is very clear and sounds good. The sound quality is also very good.   the only reason I am giving this a 4 is because the screen seems to be dimmer than my Eee2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the battery lasts a good 4-5 hours on low power but it's not really that good, it lasts about 1.5 hours when it's fully charged and the battery has a very weak battery life. I would recommend a battery upgrade for this one if you can get it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i had a bad experience with this unit, but i found a better one that works well.   I had an issue with the unit not connecting to my cable modem, but my cable guy told me that it was a "smart card" issue, and that the smart card in my modem was not working properly (as opposed to the issue with my router). The cable guy even said he had a "Smart Card" in his home that worked perfectly. I bought this unit to replace my older one that i thought was defective, and i was quite disappointed with the quality of this unit. I was told that the cables were good, but that the unit was junk. The cables were just a cheapy that i don't care about. The unit is just too heavy to move around with my desk and my keyboard. This was the only problem i had with this purchase, but this product is junk. i will not be purchasing anything from this company.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about z Vaporesso USB Mini DIN 4.3in HDMI Widescreen LCD Docking Station (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Blog.  the new Docking station. .50mm thick.  in a box with a foam cover that is the exact same material as the unit. the foam cover comes off easily with a small screwdriver. , and comes with a USB 2.0 port, 3.5mm jack, mini DIN connector, and a power cable. the Docking unit is made of a very thick plastic that does not bend easily, and this makes it hard to put on a desk. it is heavy and i'm afraid i'll knock it over when I move my desk to another spot.  is it really that bad?  Click to expand...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This was the first computer I bought for myself and I was very skeptical about how well it would perform. Well, it has been the worst computer I have ever had. The first time I connected it, it booted up, but when I tried to start it again it would not boot up. It had no operating system and had no sound. After doing some research I learned that the computer was no longer manufactured by Microsoft, so I called Microsoft and was told that there was no way I could get a replacement. This computer was the only one that I was able to find on the Internet that was working. So I decided to just keep it as is. I would highly recommend that you don't buy this computer!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a tatty iwateh for about 3 yrs, but this is the worst ive ever used. Ive tried it with my ipod, iphone, laptop and it keeps freezing up or going into sleep mode. ive tried the battery and it was fine. But this one has not worked and my phone won't turn on with it. ives got an ipad pro and an ipod touch that i have for my music. ived been trying to figure out how to use my iwatesh and this ive come up with ive bought 2 new ones from walmart and i cant believe the difference and how much money i wasted. this is an expensive iphony for the sake of having to buy a new one
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my epson inkjet 5x8c for a couple months now and i have to say it's very unreliable at times. the first inkjet started failing on my second inkjet (one month into use). i was getting about 50% of the ink on my pages and the printer would go into a weird looping mode when i would print something and it would go back to normal. i contacted epson and they said there was nothing wrong with my printer. a week later i had to go to the store to get a new one. so i have about $700 in repair costs, i had already paid about $350 for the printer. i'm going to send them a note saying they're not my first choice but they're still a better deal than a dpi printer on ebay (i was able to get the one i had back for about $100).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it doesn't have a built-in screen and it's difficult to read. It's not very big and doesn't offer many options in terms of ports. But if you're looking for a cheap way to get a good quality screen and an audio out, this is it! The unit is well built and seems sturdy. The only negative thing I have to say about this is that I have had issues with my device coming loose from the case. It is not really that easy to use and I am very dissatisfied with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have been a loyal fan of Sony products for years, but I have had my share of trouble with my last two PS3s. First, they failed on me with a hard reset and then my new PS3 came and failed the very first time I turned it on. I'm hoping this one will last. Pros: * Good performance and sound * Easy to set up Cons: - Doesn't come with a game * Screen can be difficult to view in bright light
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a dolby sr-110 for about a year now and it works great but the buttons are small and hard to use when playing music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a portable mp3 player and bought this because the pictures were pretty clear. It does not have that great clarity as the other mp3 players. I've tried other brands, and this one has been the worst. I think the design is very bad and that it has a built in speaker which I can't find in the other models. If you want to be able to use your ipod or mp3, then this will be the best for you.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 02, 2008  by Anonymous Person from North Kingstown RI USA  Review: The product was good but there was one defect which was not addressed until after the product shipped. The unit had a problem with the power button and the plug was so loose that it broke off. The manufacturer will replace the part, but I would not recommend this product if you have an ipod.  is very good for the price. I wish it had a larger screen.    Was This Review Helpful / Helpful to You? Yes Yes Tuesday, September 22, 2008
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't have a screen.  I'm a bit surprised that they didn't include a touch screen, but it's a minor complaint in my opinion.    I bought this device for use at home for my 2 kids and it works perfectly.  I have used this device with a number of other products in my home, and this is by far the best product I've purchased so far. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only thing that is annoying about this device is that it's always running out of juice. I have had a lot of problems with this device in the past. The batteries are not replaceable and the batteries don't last. I also had problems with the buttons. I would buy a new one but I'm not sure that I would go back to it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** This is a great product, but the quality control is a bit lax. The power button on mine is not very bright. And the usb cable has been damaged.  Rated 1 out of 5 by mike from Disappointed in this product I have been using a Panasonic HV-HD8 for the last 5 years and have always enjoyed it. Unfortunately, after 2 years of constant use my unit started making a sound like a blender blender. I have also experienced this noise when the unit is turned on, and even after turning it off. When turning it on, the sound is still present. I've checked the power switch and the switch is not wired correctly. I will not be using this unit.  the sound of the blender blender has always been a problem for me. The problem is that the sound just isn't there. It doesn't sound like you have a blender, it just sounds like a mixer in a blender.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I got the Apple Watch and loved it. It's amazing. Then the battery ran out. This thing just doesn't last long enough for me to use it on a daily basis. The other day I had to charge it and then it died again. Not worth it!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Sucka from Works as expected Works as it should, I use it for work and for entertainment, and for the price is great  5 out of 6 by Anonymous from Awesome! Great watch! My wife wanted one and I couldn't pass up on this. I'm very impressed with how it looks and how great it works.  4 out of 4 by Anonymous (Wedding Photographer) from Great price and functionality The Watch looks great on my wrist. The battery life is excellent. I like that it comes with a charging cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It does not come with a warranty, and it is not possible to exchange the broken part. The battery is not rechargeable. The only positive I can say about it is that it is very quiet. I think I will have to get another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought a new Apple keyboard with an external mouse because I wanted to replace my old keyboard. I bought this keyboard and it is great. It is light and easy to carry around. The only issue is that the key caps feel cheap and plastic. I had to spend a lot of time trying to fix it. The good thing is that it's a decent keyboard for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now, and everytime it crashes it makes a very loud clicking noise. i have had the same issue with a different model. i know it doesnt cost much but i wish they would at least make the usb ports easier to use. i hate having to go to the computer every time i need to charge my phone or use my camera. and i dont even like the fact that i have to open the case to charge it because it is so heavy. also the usb port is very close to the usb cable so if you have a bigger battery like the one in the picture, it can get in the way if you want to charge the phone. the case is very flimsy so i just use my car battery so its not a problem
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this because I wanted a compact flashlight for a hiking/camping trip. _____________ I purchased this as a backup flashlight and when I used the main light it was not good enough. _________________________ This flashlight does not have enough output for the price. ____________________ This flashlight is not bright enough. It is only rated to be able to use in low light conditions. _________________________________ It is easy to adjust the brightness of the light. _________________________________________________________________ This product was great to use.    This product is cheap for what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is ok, but I can't use the sound on my desktop. It's not loud enough for me to hear what I'm doing at work. I've tried a bunch of cables from different brands and they all sound the same. I'll keep buying them, but won't buy again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought these several times and the first one I got had an issue with the speaker, not sure what it was, but the speaker broke and had to buy another. I've had this for a month and the speaker is still broken. If you buy these you'll be sorry.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ I bought this as a way to use my iphone 5s but the iphones were always too big for my body. This thing is huge and is comfortable to hold. I had to get it on my legs to be able to use it. But for the price I was very happy. I also wish there were two more settings. The first is for light weight, the second is for extra length. I'm 5'9" and it's a little too big but I think the extra length will be great for people who are a little taller. I got this as an upgrade to the ikon.  This is a great little camera. I used it to take photos of my kids on the beach with a Canon 5D Mark III, but I was disappointed that it didn't have any built-in flash. I could have bought a $50 compact flash for the same price.   Overall, I'm satisfied with the camera. It works great with my ikons.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought many of these devices and they are ok, but this one is very poorly made and needs to be returned. i bought this a few years ago and used it for years, now it cant hold a charge, its a complete mess. i also think that i should have just purchased another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a year and i hate it. the usb isnt good at all, and the bluetooth works well, but i bought it to have a bluetooth keyboard on it, but since it didnt come with one i got this to go with my xbox 360. it does what it says it will do, and i only had to download the usb driver to get it to work, but it is very weak and the sound isnt so great. i would not recommend this device to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased a Kobo Aura HD and I have to say that I was very disappointed in the purchase. The battery life is just not good at all and the interface is confusing and slow. I have read reviews about how good the Aura is but I was really disappointed by the interface, slow response and slow reading. The only good thing about the Aura HD is that it is very thin but the poor battery life makes me very upset. I would not recommend this as a replacement for your Kindle and I would highly recommend a separate ereader to make the switch. I will not be recommending this to others.  Good but no extras: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a sony a6000 for a year now, the only problem i have is the battery life. it's good for a basic camcorder but if you're using it for anything more than watching youtube videos, you're wasting money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this device for a month now, and it is very noisy. It is also very noisy to the point where it can be heard through walls, especially when it is running. I'm not a fan of this type of noise, and the fact that I can't really tell if the noise is coming from the device or from the wall is just annoying. It does the job for what it is though. I can run this device on a battery or using it on the AC adapter. Rated 5 out of 5 by Geezer from Good Value I bought this to use for recording, but it is so nice to have a nice sounding, easy to use recording device. It works well with my Sony audio camera. I do have a problem with the microphone input on this unit, the audio level is low and sometimes the mic input comes up as unrecorded. I have also had problems with the USB output. It would just randomly stop working and have to restart.  Rated 3 out of5 by Anonymous from Not good for recording with mic I bought the iRig Mic to record my vocals. I needed a quality device to record vocals and this one is great, but you really have to record it through a good mic. I am a singer and have had no problems with it recording vocals, however the only problem I have had with the audio is the mic is way too quiet for me to be able to get the best sound out of it. I think I need a better mic for this device. I had to do a lot of adjusting to get it to sound good and it just doesn't sound as good as my other recording devices. I recommend this to someone who wants a nice sound and doesn't need to record a lot. The unit has a built in mic that is great for voice recording and it's also nice to be familiar with it. It's not the best device to use when recording vocals because it can get loud with the volume on the mic but for vocals I think this is a great device. I have had this for a couple weeks and have really liked it, however I am still not sure if it is worth the price. I haven't recorded anything yet with it, but I have tried it with a different microphone and it sounded great. The only problem is that the battery life is short and I am not sure how long it will last if I use it every day, but for a one time purchase I can live with
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is not compatible with my computer. I have the original version and it works fine on my desktop computer. The only thing it does is to change the color of the keyboard. I bought the updated version and the keyboard is not able to be switched to different colors. I purchased the keyboard adapter to go with this and the problem is still there. The adapter is made to fit a keyboard but not this one. I would not recommend buying this device.  I love the mouse, but... I love the software and the mouse. I was looking for a simple, low cost solution to get my mouse to work. It worked for a few months but after a couple of months, it stopped working on the computer. After about 4 months of waiting, I found a different mouse with the same software and it worked great. So I am returning this one, and purchasing the new version. The old version had some glitches and the new one is working perfectly. : I would recommend this mouse. It is very easy to use and has a good weight to it. It would be great for someone who is used to using a wireless mouse and is still having problems with wireless mice. The problem I had with this mouse is the sensitivity. When you use it on my laptop with a wired keyboard, the mouse would have to be set to something like 1.5 or 2.0 for it to work properly. But with a wireless keyboard, it is very difficult to use with a mouse on the wireless. I can still use my wireless keyboard but the mouse has trouble tracking on the wired keyboard. This mouse is not wireless compatible, which is a real bummer. The software is pretty good and works well. The keyboard is a great addition to the mouse and has nice weight to the device. I am not sure how well this device would work on a wireless computer, but I know it would work very well with my wireless laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iMokM is a decent product for its price. It is just like any other phone. If you're looking for a cheap phone that's just as good as your iphone then the imekm is your phone. You get a decent screen, solid build quality, and a solid battery life. If imeks are your thing then look no further. I wouldn't buy it again, but I wouldn' use it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a piece of junk. I bought this a couple years ago for the purpose of giving my kids a video game to play while at the beach or whatever.  I bought the controller thinking it was gonna be great but the battery lasted about a week of being plugged in.    The controls are a bit wonky and it's not exactly a joy to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this device as a gift from my mother who works in a hospital and needed a new cell phone to call her doctor.  It worked well for the first few days, then I got the phone and the software became corrupted. _________________________________________  (This review was first posted on  July 16, 2010 and has been revised and expanded.)  This is an excellent and very user-friendly cell phone.  The software is good.  It is easy to use.  I am able to use this phone with a large screen, and it is easy on the eyes.   I would recommend this phone to a friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was expecting a really good product, but the first time I plugged this in I had to turn it off. It's got no way to charge.   This is the second time I have been burned on a device from this company, the first being a cheap mp3 player I bought at Walmart for $10. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing is bad.  It does not even have a mic input, so it does not have a good microphone.        I'm not sure if I'm going to have to buy a new unit after this.  This is a decent sound card for the price.  I'm not much of a fan of the USB sound cards, but this one does the job.  It has a nice built-in mic, but I'd rather use a USB.  This is a good sound card, but if you have a computer with an analog audio output then this might be a better choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the HP Zr2. It's good for a portable laptop and is a very portable desktop. The battery life is excellent, and it's very easy to use. It has the most intuitive touch screen I've ever used, but there are other touch screen laptops out there. The touch screen on the Zr is good but it's a bit cramped. I would like the ability to type on the touch screen and not be confined to the keyboard, as on a tablet. Also, the touch pad is a bit small. The screen is very bright and very crisp, and the touchpad is a nice size. The speakers on the laptop are very loud and are a good feature for a laptop. It is really nice to be able to plug the laptop in with a power cable instead of a USB. The HP ZR2 is also a very nice size, as it's smaller than a typical notebook. The Zr has a lot of options for software and applications, but for the price I think the Dell XPS 13 is a better choice for most people. The Dell has a better screen, a larger hard drive, a better keyboard, a slightly larger touchpad, a higher resolution screen and a higher performance CPU. The XPS is also much cheaper than the HP. I just wish I could find the ZR's charger!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have owned my Samsung S3 for two years now, and have only had a couple of problems with it, but never the whole thing. I was using a Samsung Tab S3, and the battery life was great (6 days in the city). So, when I bought this, I thought I'd give it a try. The first problem I had was with the battery not lasting very long. The next problem was the app was broken for a good 5 days. And then, the last issue was the touch buttons don't work, and you can't change the volume up or down. I got this as a replacement to a Samsung S4, and I'm not impressed at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this device to use as a keyboard for my computer. I was so excited when I received the package. The keyboard looks amazing and is very nice. It was the best part of the purchase. Unfortunately the keyboard is not very good. I used the keyboard for about a month before I had to send it back. I sent it back because the keys were so mushy that it was difficult to use. The keys were mushy enough to make the keyboard unresponsive.   It is a really nice keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's very convenient to use, but it's not worth the price. It doesn't charge at all (the device is supposed to charge on the go but I've never been able to get it to do so). The device is loud and irritating. It's also very difficult to take it apart. I have to use the supplied tool to remove the battery and then you have to turn off the power, disconnect the battery, and then reinsert it to get the device to turn on. It also has a very bad memory. After it's been connected to my phone it will automatically remember my last four passwords. When I try to reset my password I get a message that says my password has been changed. After I've reset my passcode, I have the same problem. I also have to remember to use a different device with my phone. I'm not a fan of this purchase at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i wish this thing would last for a few years and work like the rest of the g3s and g3rs  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one is so bad, it's really annoying. It is a really expensive piece of crap, and for some reason, I don't think it has a good enough design. The buttons don't respond the way they should, and there are way too many things you can't do. I have a few other crappy Apple devices, but I just don't trust this one with my life. I don the most expensive model, and it's pretty much as bad as this. I don't want to write a negative reviews, because I'm really not a fan of Apple products. This one, however, has been a bit too expensive for me, but it is still a good device. The device has been around for a long time, and the battery is decent, so it's worth getting one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********************  This is my first Philips Hue Lightbulb. I'm pretty sure I have a Hue-enabled lamp. But, I just bought a cheaper version of this device to add it to my existing Hue.   This product was very easy to set up. The only thing that I would suggest is that you don't try to set it up in an unoccupied room. It was hard to get a light switch to turn on the light when the device was set to a dimmer setting. I did get a little frustrated because I didn't think it was working the way I wanted it to.   and, it's just a dumb bulb.   the remote control works fine. I don't like the light dimmer but the Hue system does.  : )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace an aging computer with a Mac and I don't know why Apple would have released such a crappy product. I've been using the computer for about 6 months now, and I still have no idea why it doesn't work, and the problems are getting worse with each update. I don the mouse buttons and they click but they just don't work. I think Apple should be ashamed of their products. They should sell these bad computers and make them into a nice USB stick so people can buy them without the headaches.   Would I recommend this product: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great sound board but it can be loud and very irritating to the ear and the ear drum when you have a lot of it on. I have to turn it off when I am on a phone call or when the kids are not around. Also the noise it makes when it's on is annoying. I use a sound board and it is much quieter. Overall I give it a 5 star rating but the kids will not be able to play on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first purchase of an electronic device, but it has to be one of the worst purchases I have ever made. First of all, it's a very old model. It has been on the market for over 10 years, so you should be aware of the problems it has. I'm on my third battery now, and the same thing happens: the charger stops charging. I am a tech support person, so I have to tell my clients to keep a close eye on the charger, and to never leave it plugged in while they are working. I have read about other reports of people who used this for years, and they say it will last forever, but I'm still not seeing the positive reviews that it's actually good. I would never buy another one of these.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit does what it says on the box. It connects to my phone over wifi. However, it is a very clunky piece of junk. I would not recommend this to anyone unless you have an extremely weak wrist and have a very weak stomach. I got the "2-port" one which is fine. But it's just so bad looking. If you're looking for something that's good for the money, don't buy this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The screen is very poor and does not support anything but text, and when you are reading it you are constantly having to readjust the text, which is hard when the screen is constantly getting dirty. This is a very poor device and the screen needs to be fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice speaker and if you don't like the volume, you can lower the volume on your computer, or on a pair of headphones to get the same volume.  But for me, the volume just isn't loud enough. Â The volume can be controlled by the front panel or the remote control.  I can't recommend this product highly enough and I think it is a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had my Samsung galaxy s3 for about 2 weeks now, and I can say that it is a very bad phone.  The  software is very buggy and it is very hard to get the phone to do anything.  I had to open up my s3 to get a charge to it, and after the charging process, it would go into a sleep mode.  This would occur every other time I used the phone.  It was very annoying to have to do this every few days.  Once I decided to go with a  LG, I have never regretted it.  Samsung really needs to improve their software on the s3.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great phone! I've owned the iphone 4S and iphones 6, 6 Plus, 6S Plus. I've been using my LG G3 since it came out, but this year I decided I wanted a bigger screen. This phone was perfect. I love the new software and it's always been very responsive. I like the phone so much I bought another one! Rated 4 out of five by AnonymousFromCA from Great, but... If you're buying this phone for the battery life, it's not a bad one. I'm on my second one, and the LG software keeps my phone pretty charged. I also love that there's a headphone jack on the side so I can listen to my own music. But if you're looking for a big screen and a big battery, this is a bad choice. The screen is really small, and it has some quirks in its software. The camera app is pretty bad, and there's no way to change the screen brightness. The software on this phone is still far from perfect, but if you don't mind a smaller screen and battery, the LG G4 is a great phone. Rated 1 out of **** by AnonymousIvan from Awful experience, poor customer service I purchased this phone on the 4th of April, and have been using it for about 3 weeks now. I have experienced almost every aspect of this product. The phone is extremely slow. There is almost no noticeable lag. When the phone goes into sleep mode it stays that way for several minutes. The display is very unresponsive and the audio is very muffled. The charging process takes over 20 minutes. After using the phone for a week, I purchased the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition. The watch
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the first product I have purchased and so far, the product is great. However, I was disappointed when I received the product as the box was torn open when I arrived. I was unable to put my battery back in. The cord for the cordless is terrible, and I had to return it. The charger is very nice and compact, but it only charges to 20%. I would recommend this product, but I think that the cord was designed by a child. I am a person who enjoys having my device charged up and ready for use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ipad mini 2 for 2 weeks and so far its good. but it's just not as good as the ipod mini. i've been playing around with my ipod to the point where it's almost like a toy. but now i'm starting to think its not worth the money when it comes to sound quality. but i can't complain because i got it for $199 at walmart.com
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This product doesn't work. ******** When I bought it I read reviews on the internet and the one in the store had the same problem. When I got home and plugged it in, it did work, but the sound was awful. I went online and tried everything to get it to work, I even bought the exact same one from Amazon and it didn't work at all. I bought this to replace the one I lost. This thing is useless! I'm going to have to spend the $5 on another one and I'm sorry that I had to buy another brand for a good price, but I will say that I'm not impressed at all with this. ********************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son loves his phone and the fact that you can buy it and it is just as good as any iphone.  It has some serious limitations though.   The camera is horrible.  The display is bad.    The software is really bad.   The only good thing about the phone is the battery life.  This is a good phone for the price and you should get one if you are on the fence. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased this to do a small project. This thing is really good. The quality of the components is great, and I did a lot of tweaking. This little project is actually going to be on my desk as my main PC. The only problem I have with this thing is that I have to power it up and let it cool down every so often. This could be easily fixed by having a cooling fan in the back of the case that just blows cool air on the motherboard. But overall this is a good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've used this for a few years. I've had it for about 3 weeks and have a couple of issues.   The sound quality is great, but the screen goes out on me.  It will only come on when it gets warm.  The USB port on the device is very unreliable, and I have had to replace it more than once.  If I buy another device, I will be buying a different one.  I love the functionality of this device but would not recommend this device as a backup or as a main device.   Rated 5 out of 5 by A.R. from Great Product and a Great Price I purchased the iStick for a backup for my Macbook Air. It does everything that the iMac does. It is very easy to use and is easy to configure. I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  It's the worst!!! The quality of this electronic device is terrible, the sound quality is awful, the buttons and all of the other parts are cheap and hard to use, the charger doesn't work at all (I have to remove the battery to plug in the charger), the batteries last less than a day (I use it all day long), and it is too heavy. I had to take it apart to fix a broken connection. It's not worth the money!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************** The first time I tried to install a new LCD screen onto a Samsung I-PAD, the process was a complete nightmare. After a few tries, I managed to get a panel with the LCD screen, but I had to use some sort of adhesive that wouldn't stick to the screen, so the panel wouldn't slide into place on the I-pad. Once that was done, the Ipad came to life. I am very satisfied with the screen and the performance. The screen is easy to read and there is no lag. I recommend this to anyone who has a Samsung, or any other device with an LCD screen. I was very satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a Samsung phone and I think the sound is bad but the camera is good. I had to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this device as a replacement for my old laptop and to replace a Dell laptop I had purchased from Best Buy.  This device works very well, it is a good quality piece of equipment and looks great.    However, it has one huge flaw.  If you do not use your mouse on the top row of your keyboard you will be unable to use the mouse buttons on your keyboard and therefore will have to use a different keyboard.  My laptop is a Dell XPS 13 with a touchpad.  I used my mouse on all the rows of the keyboard. I used the left, middle and right mouse buttons to scroll up and down.  The left button did not move the cursor.  When I tried to use my mouse to scroll the page, the mouse would not move at all.  Using the scroll wheel on the mouse was useless.  It is hard to explain but this device does not work.  For this reason I will not be recommending this device to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had a couple of the older models of the old iPod, which had a lot of issues. It would randomly quit. And the battery would die within a week or so. So I bought the newer model and everything is great except that the battery will die after a few months. That is pretty much my main problem with it. The battery is a problem, because I will never get around to fixing it. I am still working on it, but I do not recommend it for a portable device.  Style of Music: rock, metal, heavy metal  Value for the Money: I am a big fan of this product. I have a full set of MP3 players and these are the best. I would rather pay $200+ for one that works than buy 3 for $100+. The design is good, the quality is excellent, the sound quality is very good, and the price is unbeatable.  a friend and I used this with a bluetooth speakers for our living room and they were great! it is a great portable mp3 player and the quality of sound is very high. I highly recommend this product!  Did you find this helpful? 4 of 5 Found Helpful  Shane from Chicago  5  Reviewed by:from Chicago. on 2/11/2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to get a new pc for a long time and this is the worst one i have ever used. the usb port is so flaky and unreliable. i cant plug it in to a pc at all. i also got a new computer with the exact same model and i am very disappointed. i was very disappointed in the price as well, i was told it would cost about $500 so i expected it to be more than just a refurbished model. i would rather just get a cheap one. i have also tried to order a new usb cable and i have been told the usb ports are no longer there. i think the best thing to do is get a used one. the warranty on this is terrible, and i got a faulty one so i cant use it anymore. if i did buy a new one again, i would buy a refurb and just hope for the best. i can't imagine what the price would be now.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Does not work well I am disappointed with this product. My old laptop worked great, but when I plugged it in, it wouldn't work. When I looked online to find the reason, I found a couple of negative reviews. My new laptop is not working either. I have contacted Dell.    I'm going to try and return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************************   I purchased the JVC DR-10 because I have a friend that loves it and she was looking for a decent cheap bluetooth speaker. I got it for my daughter and it works great, it can be set to play songs, movies, or even radio stations from my phone. My daughter loves it.   PROS:  Great for music, movies and radio stations   CONS: - It has a small screen that is not easy to use. I wish the screen would be bigger   BOTTOM LINE: *************   The JVC GX-10DR is a great little bluetooth stereo speaker.   the only negative I have is that it doesn't have a speaker jack on the back of the speaker. it also does not have a USB port to connect to your computer or smartphone. So you will need to use your phone to connect it to your PC and then transfer files.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only thing I would like to see changed is the button. The only other button I've found is on the bottom of the unit, but that is a bit of a pain to find. The other issue I had was that it had no battery indicator. You have to remove the batteries, put the unit in its case, and then insert them back in to make sure they are working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My first electronic device was a Mac Plus. The screen is not very bright. It is a nice device, but it does not compare to an iPad. The iPad has more power, the sound quality is much better, and the size is perfect.   I bought a second Mac Plus a year later, and a third Mac in 2014. My problem is that I bought all these things as a way to use a Windows computer at home. When I started using my Mac, it was a big mistake. I found that I do not like using a mouse and keyboard. The touchpad is nice, but I find that I prefer using the mouse. I wish that Apple would make a second version of the Mac with a mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- After trying this with a few other electronic devices, I just don't get it. I have two LG BDP-103 Bluetooth headphones, both in white and black. I tried both on a good night, and they worked perfectly. When I used this on a bad night, the music stopped playing and the screen would go dark for several seconds. I didn't even know it was happening until I had my phone in my hand. This device has never had a problem.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not Worth The Money It is very nice to use with the iPhone. The only problem is the speakers sound very distorted. It makes me want to buy a good pair of speakers instead. It is a shame as I am looking for a good bluetooth headset  Customer Reviews Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I got this product for a good price. I was looking for a replacement for my old computer. I've used it in the office for years, and it has been reliable. However, the sound quality is terrible. The speaker is too small, and the sound is terrible in stereo. I used the mic on it to test the sound. It's horrible. I would never buy this product again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dave from This is the first time I have used a computer. This thing is great! I just got it today. I bought this for my older computer, which has a sound card that was pretty much worthless, and this thing sounds amazing. I'm so happy. The mouse works great. I had it for a month before it died. Now that I know I can replace it, it's great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am new to all this computer stuff and this was my first bad purchase. I bought it because it was a nice price and the price was low. I was expecting something like this. The computer does nothing for me. I have to put on the monitor and then open my office program, and the screen just freezes. This thing just sucks and is not worth the money.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the first and only battery operated radio that I have ever owned. I used to be a big "Happenings" fan. I bought my first one in the 80s and bought a few more as I got more and more into the bands. Unfortunately, I just found out that they are not compatible with the old style VTR's. The old style units used a battery powered radio and I have never heard or read of anyone having any problems with that. I guess the newer units are designed to be better than the old ones but not as good as the original.   This radio is fine. I have it set to the old "HAPPENINGS" dial tone. The only reason I have given it four stars instead of five is because I had a little trouble with the antenna and it was on the wrong frequency.   to sum it up, I would not buy this again.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years, and ive been using it almost every day, ive used it to surf the net and play games, and its pretty fast and responsive. i dont use the usb port much but ive heard it can get a bit noisy, so id like to try it out in a quiet room without headphones. i'm still looking for a better wireless mouse though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I have had this product for over a year and a half. I really wanted a bluetooth speaker but was forced to get a cheap one. I used it all the time with my smart phone and never had a problem. However it finally stopped working in June of 2017. The problem was the battery was totally dead. I contacted Amazon to get it fixed and they told me to use the original batteries. So I bought some new ones and they worked great. However the problem still remains. The speakers were great but the speakers were dying before the batteries died. Not a big deal but I'm not happy about it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned an amiga since around 1995, i use this computer on a daily basis for all my day to day tasks (word processing, comp, email, facebook) and it never fails to perform at a top notch level. the only down side is the fact that it has no CD/DVD drive so you have to use the floppy drive on your PC. otherwise, its great and ive had it since around 2001. ive been running it off of the internal cd drive so far and it's a great product for the price!Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This has a lot of bugs and has not even been updated for a while now. The only good thing about this device is the size, but its still hard to use. I would not recommend it to anyone who wants to take pictures. I used to have a Canon digital camera, but the pictures from that camera just don't look as good as the pictures that come out of this one.  If you are looking for a good digital camera that you can use with a computer, this is a good choice. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This was the last of the two E-M5 cameras. The other one is a bit cheaper than the E-series and more durable. The quality of the E4 is so far above the E3 that I just can't even consider the E1. But, I don't want to take the risk on another expensive camera. I am still looking for a better camera.  Style of photography: --------------- The E-mount is really cool. It gives you the option of using a wide-angle lens and having a super-fast auto-focus system. I love the fact that I can use this camera on the go. The focus is fast, the photos are great and it's very compact.  The E3 has been my camera for many years. It is very reliable and durable. I also really like the way the E series camera feels in the hand.  (I have a number of E-Mount cameras including a D-Series, a D3s, and a D4)  Overall: ------------- I bought this camera because of the price. I had heard good things about it from some of the great reviews and I was interested to see if it could meet my expectations. I was happy to find it does and the images are great. The battery life is very good and I am able to shoot in low light situations with ease. I have a Nikon D3200 and a Canon 7D and I have to say that I like the E5 better. I'm just a little disappointed that the manual focusing is a little bit stiff and the manual exposure is not as good as the E2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound was good, but it's just a bad design. I bought this to use as my computer monitor. The cable is a little cheap, so the monitor doesn't stay plugged in when the laptop is plugged in. I got a different model, and the sound was better.  Write a positive review about an okay electronic device, but not a good computer monitor: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace a previous model that broke down. This one is much better in terms of the functionality of the device, but the battery life is horrible. I have it plugged into a computer, and it works fine. I've had to go into the kitchen to plug it in because it's so slow. The only thing I like about it is the fact that it's USB-C so you can charge it via USB-A. The bottom of the unit has the standard USB-B connector, but I didn't bother with the cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This is the worst purchase I have ever made. The first time I used it it just stopped working. The second time I tried it and it started. The third time I use it and after two tries the connection stopped. The fourth time it started and after the first time it stopped. I am so disappointed in this purchase. I had to spend more money to replace this and it still did not work. I hope this does not happen to anyone else.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Nona from Excellent device for home/office use This is an excellent product. Very easy to use and does what it is supposed to. I have a few of these in my studio and use them in the office as well as at home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used it I was not happy. The power button was extremely hard to press and it was very hard to shut down. The other buttons were also hard to turn. The volume control is also very hard and a little bit too high. I use the same kind of computer as I have my PC's but it would be better if it had a bigger battery. I can only give it a 2 stars because of the problems that I had and the other problems that it may have, but I'm still going to buy it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I've had this phone for about a month and I've never been able to get a signal. I've tried all kinds of things including switching the modem, changing the antennas, and changing the phone number. The only thing that works is switching to my land line. I just wish that Verizon would fix this problem because I have been a loyal customer and don't want to give this phone up. ---------------------------Verizon sucks... I've been with Verizon for over 10 years and I have never experienced this problem. This is the WORST phone I have ever had... This is by far the WORSE phone I've ever had. The software is horrible. The quality of the software is not as good as the first phone I got from them. The user interface is terrible and very difficult to use. I had to re-install the phone and re-setup all my services after the update because the phone would not connect. The phone is extremely slow and the quality of reception is very poor. It takes about a minute for the signal to become weak. I am very disappointed with Verizon and would not recommend this phone to anyone. ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a $400 USB adapter for my iPhone. It is very expensive and works very well. However, I have a hard time plugging it in because it is so loose. It will not fit my iPhone 5S. I would not buy another one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, March 26, 2016  Works Great, Cheap and Efficient  by Peter from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: Cheap, sturdy  Cons: Doesn't work on the iPhone 6, only 6S  Review: This works great with the iPhone 5, 5s and 6. It's cheap and durable. 's cheap, sturdy'  Is this review helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************  I'm glad I bought this item, but my experience was much different than others' who have reviewed this device. I bought the wireless mouse for my iPad 2, which had been discontinued. I use the iPad as a workstation and I was having a hard time finding a good mouse to use with the tablet. I went on the internet and found many reviews for the Kinesis Advantage Wireless. I tried the product and I am happy with the results. However, my experience has been very different from others. I've had it about a week and I've been using it for about two weeks now. I have been using the mouse with my iPhone 5S and iPad 2. I did have one issue with the product. It would not go through my Apple Airport. I called Kinesios and they were very helpful in resolving the issue. I would recommend this product to everyone that needs a wireless mouse to go through the Apple Airport and have the advantage of being able to use both your iPhone and iPad with this product. I do have a few other concerns about the product, but I hope this helps. ***********************  Review by: Dwayne S. on 11/30/2012. I've used this product for several weeks now and have been very pleased. I only wish it was wireless. I was thinking of going with a wireless product, however the advantage is so big that I don't care. My iPhone and tablet both have a good connection with the mouse and the iPad doesn't even notice the wireless connection. I highly recommend this mouse to anyone that needs the added benefit of being wireless. It's worth the money and I can tell you from my experience with this mouse that it works just as advertised. I'm extremely satisfied and highly recommend Kinesys to everyone. Thanks Kinesio
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought a new iphone and it was broken in about 2 weeks. The phone is great but the phone case is horrible. I'm an adult and have to put a lot of pressure on the phone to hold it up. It just breaks. I bought the one on amazon and the quality is great. The one on ebay is terrible. The only good thing about the ebay one is it's cheaper. I got the same one on the other site for $20 more and it's worse quality. I'd like to see a warranty on the one I got on e-bay, because I'm going to buy another one and get the one at walmart.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love the idea of this unit, it's cheap and looks really nice.  It has two buttons, a USB port, a volume button, an input for audio (which is nice), a headphone jack, and a headphone socket. Â I have the Bluetooth version and it is a great device. � But,  it is way too small to be a full size device.   I can fit two keys on it with two fingers, but it would be much better with a large keypad that would be nice for writing or typing. ��I also have the mini bluetooth version and  that is better, it has a larger keypad and a larger headphone socket.� But the main problem is that it is too small, and the size of the keypad is so small that it's difficult to use with the headset on. ���The sound is ok but if you are looking for a good unit to go along with a Bluetooth device, this one might be a good choice. 」 ��If you don't like small keyboards, I would recommend going with a larger unit, I like the size but the sound is not good.  Rated 5 out of 5 by katie908 from Awesome little device I really like this product. I have two of them. The bluetooth is great and I have not had any issues using it.  The device is small, but I love that.    The only problem I have with the bluetooth on this device is the fact that it needs to be turned on. If you don`t turn it on it will not work.  It is very simple and works great!  I can`t recommend this product enough!  The device comes with a very good instruction manual.  You need to install the drivers in your computer and you will be able to connect to the Bluetooth device with the proper settings in your settings.  One small note:  The bluemobile app on your phone will only work if you have a bluetooth keyboard and mouse.  If you have the device without a keyboard and a mouse, you can connect to your device with just a mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     When i first purchased my new iphone 5, i was really happy with the phone. Then i started getting phone calls, i mean all day, from my bank, and i'm a credit union member. I have to take my phone in to get my account info, and they ask me to call back. I said, ok, and I'll call you back later. Then the next day i'm calling the same bank to get an account info. And the same thing. I'm calling my bank and they don't answer, i can't get through to them, they don'st even have my phone number, it's just a bunch of automated calls. So the last time I called my bank to cancel my debit card, the woman at the bank said I'm too old for this bank. I just got a call from a new bank, asking me to do my monthly payments on my card, and the same old thing. It's frustrating and I have been in debt for too long. And there's a chance I'm going to be locked out of my account.  Did you find this review helpful? Yes No  See all 6 reader reviews of iDevice 3G/3GS
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying a lot of these for a long time, and have been very disappointed by the lack of improvements to the unit since its release. It has a really low sound quality, is too big for my head, and I cant use it for anything other than streaming music. I got it at walmart for $49.99 (with the 2 year warranty) and am waiting for my replacement to arrive. I have to say that it was worth the wait though.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jim from Very satisfied with the unit and sound quality Very pleased with the sound quality of this unit. It's good for listening to music on my hi fi system. It is very easy to use and set up and it's easy to connect to my home audio system. The unit is large enough to easily accommodate large speakers and is easy to position on the wall. It works great for me and I recommend it to everyone who wants to listen to music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used my iphone 5 and was disappointed that the sound quality is not very good. I tried to charge my  iphones using my  macbook pro and this   inexpensive   gives   poor   sound quality. I have also used a   iPhone 6 and this model   does   not   do   much   more   than   the   previous   models   but   they   still   a  good   phone  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's really good. It's a little awkward to set up, but I like that it's easy to get going. However, if I'm using it for gaming, I can't imagine it working for anything else. If it had a microSD slot, I would have given it 5 stars. But if you're going to use it as a gaming device, it's not going to work for anything. The speakers are nice, but the sound isn't loud enough. The battery lasts a little while, but it's a bit weak.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've had a number of these in the past and they've always worked well, but I recently noticed that the screen on the second model is slightly different from the first.  One day it turns on, the second day it doesn't. I've never had a problem with this model before, but now I'm stuck with a device that won't work!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I used the same charger for about 4 months, then it failed to charge my phone. After buying another one, this one was replaced because of the same failure. I have to buy a new one every time I use it because I don't want to use an old one. I was so disappointed in this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is small, but there is a good chance you can use it, even with a small screen. The only thing is that it has a problem with the touch pad:  http://www.diyaudio.com/diy-audio-cables-in-the-news-3-new-s-x-s/  This is a real problem for people who want to connect a USB DAC to the PC without a lot of wires.  If you have the USB adapter, and don't like the small screen, the M2 is the way to go.  Rating:    Good This is a very nice looking USB DAC, that is not too heavy, has an excellent headphone amplifier, and a decent headphone output. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 2 years, i bought it to use as a scanner for my books but after a year i can't get it to work. its a cheap little machine and the only good thing is that it can take a picture of my hands. its very small and very hard to turn off so i have to go to the store every time i want to use it. i got this for a good price but not worth the money
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************  I got this product for a friend who has a lot of electronic devices that all use the same power cord. The one I received was so cheaply made that I had to return it. It has a built in battery and the cords are cheap plastic and the plug is the same style as the power cord that came with my tv. I'm returning it because I've never had a good experience with the Apple Store.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I bought this device for my husband, who has to have it on him at all times, for his safety. It's a really nice device, but it has a few bugs, which i'll outline below. I think the battery is really weak, and the software isn't very user friendly. The whole thing has to be plugged into the computer, and it needs a micro-USB cable to be used in the car. When he needs to take it with him, he'll need a separate charger. Also, I can't get the screen to work in Windows. The only time it works in the browser is when the battery drops to about 40%. It has a very bad "thumb drive" type keyboard. It has several issues, like no backlight, and no mouse buttons. The mouse is really stiff, and won't move very far, and there's no way to control it. I have it plugged into my computer, so I can actually use it in the vehicle. But, this is a big pain in the butt. If the price were lower, I'd be willing to overlook these minor flaws. The sound quality is really nice, but I found it a little annoying that it doesn't turn off when it gets too hot. And, the batteries that come with it are terrible. They last about 1/3 of the battery life. So, I have to charge them every night, or I'll have to find a different device. I just wish I'd gotten the one that came with my phone. The screen is also really small. I bought a tablet because of this, but with my device, it doesn`t fit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this unit because it is the cheapest option that I could find. The unit works well for the price, but it has some serious limitations. For starters, I only have two usb ports, which makes it hard to plug in any other device. It has no usb 3 ports, so I had to use an old one (the old one is so cheap I just throw it in the trash). Also, when you press the power button, the unit turns off immediately, but turns back on after 10 seconds. I've already bought a usb hub for the other two ports. It's a bad design choice, especially since I was using a hub before. Lastly, the sound is just ok. You can get better sound from other devices with much more money. I'm still trying to figure out how to turn the speakers on/off. I do like the fact that I can plug my phone into the unit, but I really wish I could get a better audio experience.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying these for years and they arent any better than the cheap models ive already had. this is my third time buying these bad boys, and every time they dont work well at all. ive bought them on sale and i was able to get a better unit that was not the same quality as the other two.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the LG G3 a year ago and the screen is a bit on the small side. I love the battery life but the screen makes me hate LG phones in general. I bought the iphone 6 and my new one works better in most of the ways. My g3 has no lense so I cant see the screen and the g3 battery sucks. It just gets smaller and smaller. I got the ichigo and the only good thing is the light on the ic shine. But you can't tell if its the screen or the g-tribe when i dont have lense and the light does nothing. I dont think the gtribe is as good as the ics or the ico because the ici is so much cheaper but the gtc is just a piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this because i needed a device to do my homework and this was not working. I had to return the device because it did not work at all. The screen would not turn on at all and the sound was very loud. It is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ It was difficult to configure and install. I think the installation should be more clear on the web site and more clear instructions. There is no warranty for the device, it has no software, it is not backed up, the software that comes with the device is so bad, it doesn't even run. This is an expensive device, I had to replace it and I don't recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  Just bought the T3001 for my new laptop. My wife bought the XM-L2a for my work PC. She's a professional with high specs. I'm not. She doesn't understand why I would want a laptop that has the same performance as her work computer. It's not worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is my first computer, I bought it from a store on Ebay, I got it in good condition but there are a few issues with it, the speakers, and the screen were out of spec, the screen would go blank or just have a dark screen for about a half hour, also the monitor was faulty. I contacted the store that sold it and they sent a replacement unit in less than 2 days, and I am very satisfied with it. I have to say it does sound better than my old one, but I have only had it for 2 weeks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************   I have used a lot of devices over the years, from the original Atari to the newest iPhone. I've always used a Sony Walkman for music, but my Sony Walkmans have always been bad quality. This Sony is different. I have to say I am very impressed with this unit. The sound is great. The batteries last forever. The only thing is that they have to charge the unit a little more than I would like. But I have the original Sony Walkmen and the ones that charge quickly are all Sony. This is an inexpensive way to replace your old Walkman's, with great sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few these, and i wish they were better in other areas. this is the case for my iMac 5k i would recommend this product, but the usb port is terrible. i get a lot of noise and is hard to plug in. so i have to get a power strip for this computer and use my macbook pro charger when i need to use it. i also don't recommend this computer if you have a noisy computer, this computer is not designed for that. this thing just screams for a power brick.  Rated 1 out of 5 by L.B. from Worst product I have ever purchased! I was really looking forward to this purchase. I was going to purchase this with my new MacBook Air. I wanted a new computer for the money. I got the screen protector to go with it. The screen protector came with a dead usb cable, so I bought a new one. Then after I put the screen and the screen guard on, I went to use the USB cable. It wouldn't charge at all. So I was very disappointed. The computer was just a piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ My old computer has worked well for years, until last week when it broke. It was just the right size for my needs. The mouse works fine. But I've been using it for about a year and it has failed so many times it's starting to get annoying. It is only $150 less than a new one and you can upgrade the processor with a good upgrade. I think that's a great deal. The computer is now useless. I'm sorry to hear that.  My last laptop was just about a decade old. It worked perfectly for years until about six months ago. After a lot of research, I bought a refurbished Thinkpad X230. I have been very happy with the computer. I've found that it can be very powerful with an Nvidia GTX 745M. I purchased an external battery for a laptop that has no internal battery. The laptop lasts from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m., almost 24 hours. The battery lasts up to a year on a full charge. I also have a wireless keyboard and mouse. I wish that I could get a Thinkpad or Lenovo with a wireless mouse and keyboard. I would have purchased this computer even if I had to pay more money.  a very nice computer that i have had for almost 5 years now and have never had a problem with it. i also bought a keyboard and trackpad. the only issue is the fact that when you click on the start button it gives you the option to enter your password which is a pain in the ass because when i try to enter my password it gives me the option of changing it to my name but the other option is to change it to a random password. and that is a shame because i have never been able to get that to work and now i have to enter the password.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a couple of these over the years but the last one had been a total flop. ive always loved the design and features but after a few years the unit started giving me the annoying beeping noise that it always does. ived bought several but its become a habit for me now to keep my old ones. ives even taken a new one to a shop for repairs but to no avail.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best thing about this camera is that it has a built in flash. I have to use a flash on my Nikon and there is a little lag time with the camera. This camera is like a flash with the built in.   As for the image quality. I was not expecting much from a 5D Mark III but I was very happy with the results. The pictures are sharp and clear, and it is very easy to use. It is great for getting into low light situations and the autofocus is very good.  's image quality is very similar to the D5 and it has the same quality controls. The only real difference is that the 5D III does not have a full frame sensor. If you are looking for a full size camera, this one is probably the best bang for your buck. I highly recommend it to people who are just getting into DSLR photography and want a more compact camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used it a few times. its a pretty good camera but the auto focus is awful and theres no option to change it. i dont think it was a good idea to include the auto flash. i mean its only for low light situations and the camera comes with its own flash anyway, so youll need a flash to use it with a low light situation. for all the other situations its pretty great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i bought this to use as a wireless mouse.   The buttons do not register any input and the sensor is just as useless as the mouse it replaces.  The mouse is the mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The screen on this is awful, it just doesn't do it for me at all.!!! Also the batteries are cheap as well and when I tried to use them I just burned them.!!!!  Rated 1 out of 5 by Norex from Worst purchase I ever made I have a Samsung S4 that was replaced by a LG G3. I've always used a screen protector to keep the screen from scratching. The G3's screen was completely scratched up. I'm still very happy with my LG phone, but for the price it was a bit of a rip off.  I bought this screen protector for my LG G4 because I was worried about scratches on my phone. It did not do a good job at all! I was very disappointed. I will not be buying this item again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this for my son, but hes 6 and has had no problems with it. ive tried different brands, but it just doesnt fit him. if youre looking for a portable speaker, look elsewhere.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a portable bluetooth speaker for years. i finally found this speaker and have been using it for several days now and i really like it. i've heard many other people say they love their iphone speakers. ive never heard anything like this, and i have had to go to a different company for a long time. iphones have so many features, but this thing has so many that you can use it to listen to music, make phone calls, podcasts, or even talk on the phone. i just wish the battery lasted longer. the bluetooth is weak. i couldnt use it for more than an hour at a time before it would shut off. also the bluetothat comes with it is really nice, but there are some flaws with it as well. i like to use the phone call feature to talk to friends. and when i was looking at a bluetooth headset to replace my ipod one day, iphonelife i thought this was the one. ilya
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this unit for a little over a month now and i cant figure out why the buttons dont work. i have to push a button to turn it on and when it is on it just keeps on blinking on and off. I had a button and its dead. im trying to get the replacement but if this doesnt work i wont buy another one. I got this for a party and i thought it was a joke when i first saw it but it works great at parties and for when you have to have a certain device for work. This unit is also so easy to use it is one of the best. I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this as a Christmas gift and I absolutely love it. It is amazing. I use it to listen to my iPod while I am working out at the gym. It gives you the volume of music you want and then the background noise is almost like you are walking by yourself listening to the iPod.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It has a few bugs that make it less useful. I can only download the.txt file, and that is only a few lines long. I would rather have a larger.pdf file. I have been using this product for a few years, and have no complaints.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this in March 2016. I was using a Samsung Galaxy S5 and this was so much better than that. I'm using this now on a Lumia 950 XL. I love it.  The design is awesome and the app is simple and intuitive.   I also love the fact that you can buy the same unit and just swap out the antennas. I don't like that some companies try to make you buy different ones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years now and it works like a charm. the only problem i had with it was the battery life is very short. but still, its a great device!  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: Anonymous - Verified Buyer I bought this product because i love my computer and i don't have the money for a new one. After using this I can say i'm happy i did. it has a better sound quality then any other computer i have ever used. it also looks a lot better then my computer that i had. I highly recommend this product! -P.M.  -L.S.  and D.L.  a  5  reviewed by: ronnie m. - Verifed By: - Verify Buyer This computer is excellent! It is well built and it looks good. I am a very happy customer. Thanks. -J.S., Verified Purchase  Reviewed By: Kaitlyn - Verifying Buyer Just got this, the box was the same as the other computer. The only difference was that it came with a power supply that was different from the other model. The one I received didn't have that feature. It worked great for the first few weeks then started having problems. I sent it back. I'm not sure what the problem is but it's definitely not the computer itself. It has been the same for the last two weeks. I just want to tell you that I'm happy with it and would recommend it to anyone. , Verified Purchaser
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned and used this product for many years.  It works well, and the batteries last for a long time.    If you need a good battery holder, this is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. The device was very good when it was new but after 6 months of heavy use it is now completely useless. The USB cable has been constantly unplugged. The keyboard is hard to press and is very flimsy and not at all easy to use. It has no power on/off button. The software is full of bugs and has been hard to use with the keyboard in any mode.   2. The microphone was great until I put in a mic stand that I never would have done on my own. I had to buy a microphone stand and an external mic. It now works but I really wish I would have gone to the store and bought a stand for the camera.   of 5 people found this review helpful The best camera ever I bought this camera to record my kids playing football with me and my friends. I've had it for a month now and the best thing is the quality of the video and pictures is amazing. I wish it was waterproof because my friends love to play in the rain and the video quality is great with the rain on. I would recommend this camera if you want to record your kids with your friends!  of 5 people find this review useful I bought the G4s over a year ago and it has exceeded my expectations and I love the simplicity of the design and the ease of use. The only thing that I would suggest is that it could use a more powerful processor. The camera can record 720p HD video at 30fps and 1080p at 60fps. I use a Samsung Galaxy S4 and a Canon 5D Mark III and it produces excellent quality pictures and video. It is definitely worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I was looking for a cheap but good quality GPS watch for a while. This one was about $30 shipped from Hong Kong. I got it in good condition and was ready to go. The screen is great, the battery lasts a while and the watch is very light. The only thing I don't like is the fact that the watch only has one color. That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars, but I can live with that. I'd buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the zenfone 2 for a while now and i just started having battery issues. the zfone 2 has a battery that can only hold a max of 10 hours, so you have to keep a spare in your pocket just in case. i got it because the other zfones had great reviews and the battery life on the z2 was a major factor in my decision to buy one. the only reason i am not giving this phone 5 stars is that the screen on the front is not as bright as the zs4. the screen is also a bit dimmer than the z4. Overall, the phone is great, but if you plan on carrying a spare battery, this is the phone for you.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this phone because I needed a phone that was easier to use than my iphone 4. I don't know what I expected from a $200 phone. I thought it was going to be a great phone for me. Instead, it's a total piece of garbage. The speaker is a real buzz and it's so hard to get the battery out of the phone. Also, the screen is way too bright, and you can't turn off the light. It's a really cool looking phone, but I wish it were better. The battery life is also crap. When you're not using it, it doesn't last very long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My husband's laptop is a 7th generation HP. It has a 7 year warranty. After he replaced a faulty screen, it has never been the same. He has lost all the paper he uses to write reports. He now has to write with a computer.  We have a 5 year old Lenovo laptop. After we bought a 7 th generation, the LCD screen started to get dark. We have had it for a couple of years. The screen now has the same problems. The warranty does not cover the LCD.  is not the same quality as the 7th gen. We are considering the 6th gen for our family. : I received this computer as a Christmas present and it's been a nightmare. I'm using a USB 3.0 keyboard and a non-existent mouse. The display is extremely dim. The keyboard is also extremely low-quality. The mouse has a very poor tracking ability. There is also no support for multi-touch. The computer itself is a total pain to use. I don't know how you can buy something so flawed for $350. I would not recommend this computer. I will be returning it and trying to find a replacement for under $500.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** ***************************** ********************* I have been an Apple fan since the early 1980's. I got my first Mac when I was 16. I have owned a lot of Macs and this is my favorite. I love the fact that it has multiple color themes. The fact that there are tons of accessories you can buy is a big plus. I really like the fact it doesn't require an internet connection to do things like download music. It's a great computer. The only problem I have is that the only things it is missing are a keyboard, trackpad, and mouse. I think Apple could have made this into a Mac mini and made a ton more money with that addition. I guess if they did that they could have sold 10 million of these.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of them and they work fine but the only thing you really get out of them is the screen. i wish they would just add a micro sd card slot. I like to use the internal sd card as my media storage. i would like the sd card to be removable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My iPhone 4S is still alive after being replaced 3 times (two years apart). The screen is very good, but the camera has a very bad quality and is very unreliable. If I put a lens cap on it it gets so blurry that it is unusable. I had to buy a new one because my old one was damaged after being dropped a few times. I'm using an external camera so the phone has a great camera, but for a $100 phone it is very poor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these, and they have been the same for years. They are so easy to make a mistake with that they just dont work. They come out of the box with no software, and can be easily modified to be better. But its like they dont even care. The battery life on these is horrible. I have a few other batteries in my other electronic devices that i have no problem with. This is a complete rip off.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ecomicbooksellers
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This unit is so simple that I can't believe it works. It's a simple remote control device. The buttons are nice and small. The display is very bright and easy to read. It is very accurate and I have been using it for about 3 months. The remote is also very nice and has a number of settings for things like volume and volume, volume on or off, mute, and even turn on and off the TV. I really like the remote, it's very easy to use and easy on the hands. I'm not sure why this unit isn't more popular but maybe there is something in the market that is more popular.  Did you find this helpful? 4 of 4 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Michael C.  to the point that I think I have an answer for most problems  Was this helpful to you?  2 of 2 Found Helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's so much cheaper and the battery life is much better than the old phone. But you can only run it on AC power so it's not ideal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have two of these, one for a tablet, one is a laptop and I have to use a pen. They both work perfectly but the laptop is a pain to use because you can't reach the keyboard. Also I have a small child so it's very easy for him to pull out the batteries, if they are not removed before going to sleep, and he is not the only one who does that. So, I am not sure if I am buying another for my other device because I don't want to waste time recharging it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 weeks now. It is really a pain to use and the battery life is very low. I have used a few of these and this is by far the worst one of the bunch. I will be using the original model from now on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this little gadget in my bag for about a year before I decided to purchase the $200 model. I'm not a professional gamer or a gamer at all.  My gaming was never too high on my priority list.  I had a lot of trouble getting this thing to work in my computer.    This was not because it was a bad computer, but because I couldn't figure out what to do to get it to work.  I had to make the computer's motherboard a bit smaller, but even that didn't work. Eventually, I got to a point where I had two or three options.  The first option was to install the drivers, which was a pain.  It was too much trouble to have to make my computer do things that it wasn't designed to do.  Then, I tried installing the USB keyboard and mouse.  Again, a little too much hassle.  Finally, I gave up.  After all of this, I just got tired of having to spend time and money trying to figure out how to get my computer to work correctly.  This device is a great way to get something going.  If you have a computer with a USB port, this is a must.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The new iPod shuffle is not worth the money it cost. It is the same as the old shuffle with a better design and a better feature set. It still is not as good as a full sized player like my iPod mini or my iphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have this laptop on a school's network and the battery died in a week, so i bought this for the extra cost. The laptop is extremely quiet and has a great screen. The only problem is the screen. Its extremely dim. It gets too hot and the screen has to be on all the time. I dont even like to turn it on when im doing something. This is not the best computer i have ever bought. But for the price i thought it was worth the money.  Noise: 4/5  Sound: 4.5/5
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is horrible! I have been using this for a week now, and the battery life seems to last around 15 hours of continuous use, with about a half hour of power usage. When it is on, it does get hot (like the old iphone). When I use my computer on this I am left with hot flashes and burning eyes. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because it was a deal on sale and I was able to get it at a good price, but it is just not worth it. Write a positive review about an average electronic device :  It's good for the price. This is a great portable bluetooth speaker that is a good fit for my needs. It has a great sound and is quite loud. The speaker is adjustable to fit the height of your head and it can be set to your favorite music. It can also play podcasts. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't come with an AC adapter so I have to bring it with me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only one that doesn't work well. I've owned 3 of these. I really wanted to like this one because it has a nice feel to it. Unfortunately, I found it to be a little cheap feeling and difficult to use. The power switch is also the most annoying part of this one. It's always sticking out from the right side of the case. I had to drill a hole in the bottom of the device just so I could plug in a USB cable. This device is so bad that I am considering buying a new one from another manufacturer.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Thank you for your feedback
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these in my life and i'm not very happy with them. the battery life is not great. they work well for small things like the internet, but i've only had them for a couple months. the buttons are really hard to press, i'd say the "clicky" ones are more fun but they make it harder to use. i would have preferred a bigger display and a buttonless configuration. the only thing i do like about them is the battery. the thing is, i can't seem to figure out why i keep buying these things.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The device is very well made. I had a problem with the remote turning the device off. When I contacted the company, they replied within 3 days and had a new remote sent right away. The only negative thing about the device is the remote control. If you have ever had a remote control go bad, this is the same thing. It would be nice to have a better way to turn it on and off. I'm sure it will be solved in the future but I wish I didn't have to pay for a new one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dottie from Perfect for my daughter I bought this as a gift for my 15 year old daughter who loves to draw. It's perfect for her and I love the fact that she can use it to control the lights in her room. It has a great remote control, the remote is easy to use and has a nice range.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first smart watch that I've owned, but I have to say, I'm not a huge fan of the display. When I put it on my wrist it feels a little "off", but I also feel that the size is great for me. I've already been using it for about a week and it's been fine, but not great. I'm more of a person who reads my wrist and has a few devices to check on, but this is my first smartwatch so I'm very much a newcomer to the smart watch category. I also have the Pebble, but for a different reason. I don't really like the Pebble at all. The screen is smaller and I have problems reading it. Plus it only charges for 2 days. Overall I'm just not that impressed with the smartwatch at the moment. I think it's a nice watch to have in your collection, but if you're looking for a watch that's really great looking and has some functionality, then the Apple Watch isn't the watch for you.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________. If the thing does not work, the only thing I can say is, "Get a new one." I have been looking for an alternative to my laptop for about a year. This is my second one. The first one was in perfect working order, but the second one had two big cracks on the screen. When I first received the unit, I was thrilled with the design and ease of use. But as soon as I opened it up, the screen started to give out a "tearing" sound. After a couple weeks, the sound stopped and the screen is still perfect. The battery life is just okay, but I have an HP Elitebook with an 11.6 hour battery life and I don't need more than an hour. The one thing that bothers me about this unit is the keyboard. The keys are so small and hard to get used to. It takes me more than half a day to type out a single email. I also bought the $60 adapter to have a standard USB port. I use the device on my PC and I have to buy adapters for both my PC, laptop and mobile phone. I'm disappointed that this product is only $50 cheaper than the $200 HP EliteBook.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Poor Quality I bought a Dell Venue Pro for work and this is the first device that I have bought for home use. The product is very flimsy. The keyboard is very hard to type on and the touchpad is very bad. I returned it immediately. I really hope you do a better job than this.    I have purchased another Dell Venues (2) and am very happy with them. .  I have only used it at work and have been very pleased with the touch pad and the keyboard (only have used on a laptop so far). I have had two problems with this unit (one that lasted a day) and the second lasted almost a month and caused me to return the device. The second unit had two cracks and the back plate (that protects the unit) broke off the unit. I can't tell you how bad it feels to have to throw it away.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received a "Super Saver" in a good condition and the screen is pretty good. However, when I tried to turn it on, the battery indicator light went off (which I don't have to turn on because the device is already on) and the device wouldn't turn on at all.   The battery is rated at 7 days, so if it was a problem that I didn't realize, it's not something I would get the product for.   Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  2 of 2 people found the following review helpful: Great price for this product By: David G. Product: Peter Stokkebye Luxury Bullseye Flake Bulk Purchased this as a sampler. Good stuff. It's a nice change from what I smoke now. I like it because it's a bit different. A little lighter, not as full, not so peppery. I'd smoke a bowl of this every once in a while.  1 of 2 customers found the below review helpful By: J.M. Product, Date: 11/28/2016 Rating: 3.9 stars Pros: Very good!  Cons: None I have not tried it yet, but I've heard good things.  for those who love flakes: great price for the quantity  for those who like flakes: I like flakes, so the price is right.   For those who want a different taste: good deal, good quality, not bad  Overall: This is a good tobacco, but nothing special. For the price, it is very good. It has a very nice taste, and the price makes it easy to smoke in bulk. For someone like me who doesn't smoke much flake or English, this would be a great way to start.  of the 2 people who found this review useful, did you really like this? Yes  No  It tastes good, but... By: William B. Product(s): Bulk Nobody has rated this review yet.  The above review is from the original Bulk Tobacco review page, not from the Bulk Tobacco forum. So here's another one. I have been smoking Peter Stekk. for about 15 years, and am not a big fan of the flakes. But this tobacco is one of the best tobacco blends I have tried. The price is reasonable, and I'm enjoying a tin a day, and maybe two. Nobody has reviewed
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- Pros: - Works great - Has more storage than my iPad - Has a decent amount of memory - Great battery life Cons: - It can't do the video calling part on the iOS - The camera is so small it's not going to be useful - The speaker quality is pretty poor, it's more like a tin can than a speaker Cons: ------------ The bottom line: - The device is a good idea but is not worth the price. - I would rather have a better camera or a better screen
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound quality is a huge issue with the J-Series. I have a pair of J-8s and they are fantastic. I've had my headphones for two years and these have become one of my favorite headphones. I'm very picky about sound quality and these sound like they are made from cheap, flimsy plastic. I guess I should be happy about the sound quality. But when I listen to music, I feel like the headphones are designed for audiophiles only. I just can't get the sound to sound as good as the J8s. I really like them, but I would rather listen to the J4s, J-1s or even the J7s. It's sad that my J-series are being discontinued. They have great sound quality but the quality of the build is so low that they just don't measure up to the best J- Series models.   I am glad I am moving from Sennheiser to Bose because the J Series is now the most important headphone for me.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for over a month, and i was never able to use it as a computer, and the buttons are very small, but i have found a use for them, when the battery dies i can plug this in, and run the laptop for up to 2 weeks, then power it back on and it will still be at 100%!!! i am extremely pleased with the product, and highly recommend it to anyone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good little thing This thing does the job. I do use it to run a few games and apps on the go, and it's fine.  and yes it does charge it's battery pretty quick  Reviewed by William, from Long-lasting, easy to use, small enough to fit in your pocket. The only down-side is that it's too light to hold a lot of programs and apps at the same time, but this is a pretty good product.  I really enjoy this product because I use it for the internet (not just my browser), and it really works well. I like the fact that the power on/off button is not a button on the side of the unit like a laptop's power button, but a little button at the bottom of the power unit. It's easy to press and it lets me know the power is on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my new iPad and I love the new screen but the new way the screen is laid out makes my iPad extremely unresponsive to touch. It's like I'm using the old screen and my iPad is just not responding to my touch as well as the other models. I can't get to the menu or to the other app to check the weather or anything like that. I'm going to return the new iPad. I also have the original iPad so I'm not too happy with the new one either.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 25, 2013  great  by J from Hialeah FL USA  Review: Good product. Very good quality.  and nice  was the only option  I really love the color and it works well with the iPad.  a little tricky with the back button on the keyboard to get the screen to go to the correct color but the screen has been very responsive for me  The only thing I would change would be the battery  Other than that it's great. /s  John  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: brandonsolutions
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The battery did not last a full day, it died within 30 min of the first use. The light is very bright, but is not the brightest. If I had the chance to give this 5 stars, I would, but I will be using a flash light instead. The sound quality is good.!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by kk2 from great light for the price. I bought this for a wedding to show off to my sister who is a photographer. It's a great value, it does what it says and looks good too.  We just purchased this product for our daughters wedding. We couldn't be happier! The lighting is very good. It is also very bright. We will purchase another one of these lights for a friend's upcoming wedding.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an apple watch for almost 2 years now. the screen was pretty bad. and when i opened it up theres dust everywhere inside. i thought the screen might be cracked but it wasnt. after cleaning the screen with an eraser and wiping the dust off it came out really good. i love my watch and hope i dont get a scratch. the watch does not turn off properly. the buttons work but there is a lot of resistance when you press them. i am very happy with my purchase. i will probably buy a new one soon. i like the fact that it is easy to adjust the time but that's about it.  by: M.R. - May 10, 2017  i bought this watch about a year ago for my wife for our anniversary. she loves it. the battery is very good. she also says its easy to read. i can't really comment on the watch itself. it is very hard to use on a table. it has a screen. it does have a few problems. 1. the band is horrible, it looks like plastic. it wont stay on your wrist. 2. the wrist strap is very small and the buttons are very hard on the wrist. 3. the backlight is not as good as it could be. 4. i wish the time was on the bottom screen instead of the top. i dont use it all the time so i wont give it a 4. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ ______________________ ___________ _______________________ ____________. I have had a lot of problems with this device and its accessories. I was using it for my cell phone, laptop, and laptop monitor and it worked perfectly on my previous setup. It came with a power cord and a screen protector but when I plugged in my own monitor the screen kept cutting out. It was only a few weeks later that I bought the original Sony mouse and keyboard to go along with it and the mouse was the worst ever. The buttons would constantly register and register, it would not register anything. I would get the same button and would have to wait 10-15 seconds until it registered. Then the button would register again. I finally broke down and bought the Logitech mouse and it was better. The Logitech is more precise and is easy to navigate. The other thing that bothers me is that the screen protector comes with a screen cleaner and it is very difficult to get the screen cleaner on the screen with the protector on. I bought a second screen protector that I got for $5.00 and it does not matter what you use to clean the screen it will not stick to the protector. It just sits there on the protector with no residue and will leave your screen cleaner all over the place. I gave the Sony a 5 star because the quality is great and the product is good but the screen protectors are a deal breaker for me and I would only recommend this product to people who have never had a problem before.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I purchased this to connect my iphone to my computer and it doesn't work!! I tried connecting it with a usb cord but it would not go through. I finally tried plugging in my computer through a USB cable but the device would not work. I gave up on this device and I now use a computer.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Posted By:1 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!   When I got this unit, I was disappointed, as I'm a little bit disappointed in almost everything I've ever bought. I've always been a fan of Sony, and the original Playstation was one of the best things I've purchased. The X-Plorer is definitely not as good as the original, but I'm glad I bought it.   It's not the best sound quality, nor is it the best looking. But it's a great addition to my collection. I'll continue to use it, as long as it's not in my pocket.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 20, 2010  Very good sound. Good for movies. :):  by Steve from North Bend WA USA  Pros: Good sound.  the controls work great. .  for movies it works good.  of course a lot of times it's the movie that is the problem not the game. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I first bought my T-Mobile Lumia 520 I was really excited to use it for my day to day needs.  However, the phone would sometimes get stuck in a boot loop and it would hang up at the "Hello" screen on the first boot.   After I rebooted the phone I would get a message "The device has rebooted."    The phone was fine, but it would not reboot.  It was extremely frustrating.  I then found the Microsoft support forum where people were having the same problem.  After I posted my problem there I got the following response from the tech support rep, "We know you are frustrated and we are going to try to help you get this fixed.  We will look at your device and try to work out a solution with you."  Unfortunately the tech rep was very busy that day and the next day the phone got stuck in the boot loop again.  So, after several more tries, the tech reps suggested I try a different phone.  But, the other phone I tried, the Samsung Galaxy S II, would not boot up and I could not get it to reboot. So, I decided to try this new Nokia Lumia 520.  My original phone worked great but it just didn't work for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product worked fine until it started acting up. The batteries started draining faster and faster. The fan on the top of the device is loud and when the device does get warm, the fans on the front of the product keep it cool. I don't like having to turn on a fan to keep the device from getting too warm. Also, the unit was getting very hot during a gaming session and the fans were not blowing to cool the device down. I'm a fan of gaming, but I don' want to play on a device that's too hot. It was just a pain in the butt to use this device. I'd recommend this product to anyone that likes to game.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this device for about 2 months now and I am happy with the performance. It is easy to use and doesn't take up a ton of space. I like how it is rechargeable so it can be used a lot and the quality of the screen is great. I did not have any problems with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased the "Pro Audio" USB to MP3 converter for my home computer. I had to change the default port (an old port on the back of my computer) for this device to work. It was easy to install and it worked perfectly, but I had already tried the "Mac" and "Mac Pro" versions, so I did not bother. I will not buy another.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great quality converter! The unit itself is very compact and portable. I use it to play some of my CD's on my PC. It can also be used as a USB to CD recorder.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and its always a problem. the thing works for a while and then the display goes blank. this time i got a new one and the display is still blank, even after rewiring the connector to the power supply. i don't think it has a chip in it that keeps the screen blank. i really have to buy another one now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this product for less than a year now and it is a great little device, just a bit too heavy and bulky to carry around all day. The only drawback I've found with the app is that there are no settings to customize your profile, so if you're not a music guy, you'll probably end up using the same settings as everyone else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second iPad. The first one (1st gen) was a great buy, but after the second gen's battery started dying. I bought this one, hoping it would be better than the 1st gen but the battery is definitely worse than the 2nd gen. Also, there are a ton of little problems with this one: - When it is turned on, it constantly goes to sleep. - The screen is a bit dimmer than it was. - It doesn't go back to sleep when the display is turned off. - When the display goes to bed, it wakes up immediately. - If I have to get up, it doesn't do anything but go to sleep for 5 seconds. - There are a lot of other problems that I'm going to list below, but they are a pain in the ass. - Not sure why this thing has so many problems, but it doesn  Rated 1 out of 5 by A1R from This is a terrible product! I've owned an iPad mini 2 and a 3rd gen iPad (2 and 3 respectively). The first was an absolute joy to use, with fast updates and reliable battery life. The 2nd generation (3G) was not a big improvement, but there were improvements. This iPad (4th generation) is not worth it. The main issues are: - Poor battery life, I was lucky to get 6 hours on a full charge (even though I did not use the display as much as I should have). - Poor display, it has a bad brightness and viewing angles, I can't use the device for long periods of time without needing to put it on a table. - Poor Wi-Fi connection. I can download apps in the morning, but by 10 am I can only use my phone (which has better Wi-fi than my tablet) and that's if I'm lucky. This is frustrating, because I was expecting the iPad to be a little more capable and feature-rich than the 4th gen, but I'm disappointed. I was hoping to use the 4G connection in areas that have good Wi-FI, but since it's such a bad connection, I'm not sure why I purchased this device in the first place.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a little over a year, and its been terrible. theres a lot of dust on the buttons and the speakers get really loud. i would suggest getting a cheap one instead. also i hate that it cant be unplugged and you have to use a case to put it down.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Lanny from This is a bad device. I have been looking for a good stereo for a while now. This unit does not have the bass that I need and does not even come close to the stereo on my iphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen is horrible. The pixel density is low (1.7) which means that the colors are way too light. You can only see a small portion of the screen if you're looking closely. This is one of the worst screens I have seen on a smartphone. It was only fixed when I bought a new phone.   You can't use it with your old phone because it's not compatible.   the camera is horrible!   I am so happy I decided to get this phone. I had the Moto G for a while and loved it. But I'm a bit disappointed with the quality of the G5.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this on sale. It took a few minutes to get to my door from my store. I plugged it in, and it showed no sign of a problem. After a few hours I got a notice that the device is going into a restart loop. It would not turn on. I contacted Apple support. They sent a new one to my house in 5 days.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having issues with my new moto g 2. The only problem is that the screen has started to get scratched and the back cover is starting to split. i just got the phone on a 3 day warranty. i was told by Motorola they would send me a replacement but i still have to wait 3 days before i get a replacement. i really don't want to buy another one. i wish i had bought the one that came with a better screen and a better battery.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this as a Christmas gift for my husband who loves his PC. He loves it but it is VERY slow. I don't know why it doesn't work more but I think it's just because I am using it for gaming. I love my iPad which I am sure is better but I just wanted something more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "If it's not broken, don't fix it"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I thought it was an all-in-one. It was not. It's not worth the money and it's not easy to use. The "in-line" design was designed to be very easy to operate. It is very hard to put a good screen on it because of the lack of a stand. The remote control is easy to program but hard to use since there is no easy way to change settings on it. The screen and speakers are not very loud and it will not be used as a gaming computer. I'm giving this one a 1 star because I can see why the manufacturer got all of the attention with this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used it, I got the wrong type of adapter and I had to wait a week to get the correct one from the local retailer. The second time I tried to use it, it wouldn't charge and I finally gave up and got another one at the local store. After reading other reviews, I decided to give the ZX-10 a chance.  I'm glad I did, but I'll probably be getting another one for my daughter.  Rating:    3.8 / 5 Conclusion:  The ZX10 is a great, affordable toy.   It's very small and compact.  I love that you can play with it and it's easy to use.  The remote is very simple and easy to operate.  This is a fun toy for any age.  It can be very loud, but not as loud as a real gun or rocket launcher.  A must buy for anyone that likes to play with a toy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this item for my husband. I've been very pleased with the quality of this item. He uses it a lot and has never had any problems. My only complaint is that it takes about an hour for the batteries to charge. Also, when the battery is low, the device is hard to operate. The only thing I would change is the USB charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works, it works great, it's a good price, but the buttons are all in a row so you can't press them in a single motion. If you have a single-button mouse, this is not a problem, but I need to be able to press all the buttons on the keyboard.  The keys are pretty soft though. I bought this to replace my mouse and it does the job, but it's also the most expensive I've ever bought.  So far I've used it for 2 years and have had nothing but problems with it.    I don't know why they made this mouse.  It has a few small problems that will not be worth it. The scroll wheel works fine, but when I move the mouse on my desk, the scroll wheel is too far forward to use.  This means that I have to turn my desk so that the scroll wheels are in the correct position to use this mouse on a desk.  I could've bought a wireless one, but then I'd have to put it on the desk where I can't use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this for my boyfriend for Christmas. I have never owned a smartphone before but I was very interested in trying this new product. I did have problems with this phone. I never had problems with my first android phone before. I had to go to the Apple store to buy a new one because the phone didn't have any kind of battery indicator. The screen went dark when I put it to sleep. After I bought this phone I thought it was just the battery. I checked it out online and realized that the battery was dying. I called Apple and they sent me a new battery. The problem is that the screen is not working. The touch screen is still functional but the screen just won't turn on anymore. I can't believe that they still sell this product. It is a total disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Apple Watch on Black Friday 2015, it arrived at my door on Christmas Day. I have been wearing it for a couple weeks and it is great. But it has a lot of issues. The watch is very slow, the battery life is horrible. The wrist strap is a pain in the neck to attach to my wrist. There are so many things that need to be fixed and I would not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a joke. If I could give this a zero it would be a great product. However, if you are thinking of purchasing this device you should save your money. It will not replace my previous digital camera which I bought from an electronic shop. I would recommend to use your fingers to open the box if you want to get one that does not have any issues.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: kirchbauer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ It has a really great sound, but I have to say it's terrible for the price. The speaker is the same size as a speaker from my older, more expensive speakers, and the sound is terrible. I was going to get a small computer speaker to go on top of it, but when I went to pay for it, the store clerk told me that it was the only item they have in stock that didn't need to be replaced. When I asked about a return I was told that I could return it if it didn't sound good, and if it was defective. I'm just glad I didn't spend any more than the price I paid, because the quality of the sound isn't worth it. I'll never buy a product from this store again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The design is great, the buttons work well, but it doesn't come with a cord for connecting to the wall outlet.  I have to use a cord that is included. Â Â The USB ports on the back of the device aren't very high quality and can get stuck at times.  The USB ports are a little too low quality to be used with a mouse or a keyboard.    The USB port is also a little loose, which I believe is due to a loose connector that is in the unit.  The cord is also loose and it's difficult to keep the device connected to the computer.  I'm very disappointed in the quality of this device, as it's almost the same price as the original Apple TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a TRS-80 Model 5 in 1983 when I was 8. It had a number of problems, and was never worth much. I ended up with a Model 7 which was a more powerful and reliable machine. However, it still had some problems, so I tried the Model 5. My biggest problem was that the Model 7 was a lot more expensive than the Model 6. Also, the Model 8 keyboard had a couple of problems that were not fixed. When I got the Model 2 I had the same problem with the Model 1 keyboard, which I found a lot of annoying. The Model 8 had several other problems. When the Model 3 was released it had some improvements, but it still suffered from a number (and I mean a LOT) of problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This was my first electronic device purchase. I was excited to get this device and the video camera was nice. But the device doesn't work and the charger does not charge the device. It has a screen with 3 buttons that make no sense to me. I will be returning it and looking at buying another device from a different company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a computer person, so this is the first time I have used an electronic device that I can't remember what I did with the last few days. The thing started up, but then it crashed. It's too bad that I bought the laptop because I was looking forward to using the wireless connection. I had it for 2 days before the screen started flashing and then it started running slow. I bought a new laptop from Amazon and it's much better than this one. I'm sorry, but I think I'll just wait until the manufacturer changes it to a different model. I will update this review when the new model arrives!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********  This is my first electronic device that I have purchased in a long time, and it's a huge let down. I have a Macbook Air and an iPad Air, but this does not support Bluetooth. The only option I had to connect my iPad Air to the Macbook was through the Lightning cable, which is a major pain. And it also required the use of the iPad Air charger, which was pretty annoying. I can't believe the iPad is this expensive, and I will not be purchasing another Apple product.   ***UPDATE***  I was pleasantly surprised by the ease of installation and the speed of the Bluetooth connection. I highly recommend the Smart Keyboard and Mouse, and highly recommend this product for anyone who wants a more comfortable, reliable, and fast connection to their iPad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this thing for about a year and never really used it, but it does everything I want a smartphone to do.  The screen is nice and bright.    It does not have a camera, which I am ok with, but I like to have a video camera on my phone.  If you like the Apple iphone  and iphones iphony, you will like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a very nice piece of technology and I appreciate that it works well in my home. I have it plugged into the outlet on my TV stand so that it's always in sight. The only problem is that I'm afraid to leave the house without it. I also have a very loud TV so that is a problem too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a friend and he doesn't like it. The screen is not easy to read in bright sunlight. It's so dark and it makes the picture blurry. The only positive is that the camera is great. I was really happy to find that it comes with a nice lens.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really like this product, but my main complaint is that it is difficult to replace the battery and it takes too long to charge it. The phone works great and is very convenient to use but it's not worth the hassle to buy a battery replacement and to wait for the phone to charge. I would have preferred a battery that is easy to replace. The other complaint I have is that I'm getting a phone that doesn't have a microphone. It's a good phone, but I wouldn't use it as a home phone.   PROS: Works well, easy to use  Battery is replaceable  Microphone  Great camera  CONS: Hard to get a replacement battery  The device is a little large
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had this for a month and it has served me well. I've had several other tablets and I have to say I really like this one. I like the ease of use and the size of the screen. It's just the right size for me. I wish I could have used it for more than a month.  Did you find this helpful?  Reviewed by JESSICA, TX, USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am an electronic engineer. I bought this product a while back for my wife's birthday. It came on the same day she got the new computer she bought. We have tried other computers for years. This computer is very basic. The only thing it has going for it is the fact that it has the Windows operating system installed on it. However, that operating system is terrible. It's very buggy and very hard to use. It will freeze up every few seconds, and then the computer will shut down. It is very hard and frustrating to get any work done. It doesn't run any programs except Microsoft Word and some games. It runs really slow and needs an extra hard drive to work. It costs about $1,000 dollars more than any other computer I've seen. I don't recommend it at all. I would not buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this a couple of weeks ago for my daughter and my husband's son. It's a great device to use with kids that can't write, or have a little patience. I just got this a few weeks ago and I can already tell that it will be very handy to use for my daughters. They really love it! They can't wait to use the other apps on it as well, such as the art program, and the games. The only problem is that I can't find the manual to the app. It came with the electronic device, but I don't know what the manual is. I would like to see a version with a camera option to take pictures with, and maybe a way to save and upload pictures to facebook or email. Other than that, this is a great electronic device! I'm happy with it. Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a cheapo android smart phone and this is the worst product I have ever used. I've tried to use it as a phone, I have no idea how I did that, it is so slow and laggy. If you want a cheap device that can't even make phone calls. this is a bad buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to find an external battery for my laptop for some time and finally bought this one. It is very convenient to have a power source with you at all times when you want to charge your device. but i am still a little disappointed in the battery. it seems to last about an hour and half on a full charge. the only other thing i have to complain about is the weight. i am a skinny guy so i usually dont have problems holding it but with this thing the battery is very uncomfortable to hold. and even when i am holding it to charge it is still very heavy. i wouldnt recommend this for anyone that is going to be carrying this device in their bag and not wearing it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Bad battery I have the samsung galaxy s5 and this phone battery is not good at all. the battery starts to be loose after few days and when I am trying to charge the phone the battery seems to short out. the phone itself is good but the battery sucks.  of course it has a micro USB port so if you are not a computer geek you probably can't be bothered.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this in October 2013, after having purchased the PLEX, and I have used both the PSE and the PX for about a year. The PX works ok for some applications, and the X1 is really good for a general purpose machine, but I find that it is really slow for most applications. It was a good buy, but the X2 was a much better value.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - The only reason I give it a 5 is because it comes with a very handy cord to plug into a wall outlet.   It's a little bulky, but the cord is very thin, and it's very convenient.   The only reason to not give it an A is that it's not a universal remote - This remote doesn't work on all my other remotes, and I can't figure out why. I'm hoping that someone who can solve this mystery can comment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst product I've ever bought!  I got the 32gb model and I was really hoping for more memory and more RAM.  The device is very heavy and bulky, which made it hard to store.  I also had a problem with the USB charging port not working properly on the 32GB model.    I called the support and was told that they would be replacing it.  I waited a few days and finally got a response.  This is the third time I've had to replace a product from this company.  So far, they are all terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I used this to charge my cell phone, but not all that much. The charger itself is OK. The charging port is a bit awkward to charge, so I have to use the side of my computer screen to touch the cable to the charger and the charging port itself. But the charger is easy to charge. It has a nice solid build quality. It's small enough that I can leave it plugged in the computer, and it charges up my phone.    Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  My current computer has a built in DVD player which can be used for the same purpose. I don't like the built in tuner or tuner/DSP on the laptop but it works. _________________  This is a nice computer. It has good speakers. However, I have had to put my computer away due to problems with the sound coming from the speakers. I have an external CD player which has sound coming out of the speakers as well.   I just wanted to add that this is not an audiophile PC, but I have the ability to use this for media work and I do enjoy listening to my music while working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound quality is awful. The volume is too loud and the bass is way too weak.  If you want a really good sound system, get a good CD player, it's way better than this.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a year and its a pain in the butt to use. When i plug it in i cant turn it on and i cant shut it off. It has to be put back on a 3rd time or it will lock up. My friend who had a phone and was having a hard time with this thing has given up on it and bought a iphone 6s and she says it is way better for the money. I have been using this thing since the first day i bought it and ive already lost at least 4 hours of use time. It sucks that i had to return this item.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had a good experience with the Samsung Galaxy S5 but the phone is a huge pain in the butt to use. I bought it because I liked the design, the S-Pen, the high-res screen, and the waterproofing (not waterproof). The only problem was that I was having trouble getting it to work on my home router. The S5 would only talk to the modem (AT&T) and would not connect to my wireless router, which I use to surf the net. I was able to troubleshoot it by changing the firmware, but it wasn't a good solution. I have been using a Macbook Air for two years and I am having trouble trying to get the S5 to work. I really wanted to like the phone, but I can't recommend it.   My wife bought a Galaxy S6 and is a big fan. I'm trying to decide whether to go back to the Galaxy S7 or to the S6. The only real complaint is that the S7 is a little smaller and less expensive. I am still a big S6 fan, but the Galaxy is so much nicer than the S4. I also have to say that the new Galaxy phones have a lot of improvements. The battery life is much better and it's much easier to connect to your computer than the Galaxy.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to love my iphone, but I got it for a reason.  The screen is great, and the phone is super fast and has a ton of memory.   I just wish that it came with an iphones dvd player, or that it would work with an iPad or another iphonod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing is crap.  It's really expensive and I wouldn't even recommend it to someone who needs a cheap and reliable way to record video and have a camera around that they can easily access.    I purchased this camera to have a cheap way to get a video camera without having to lug around a lot of expensive gear.  There are better choices out there.  It is really frustrating because of the price and that it takes up a lot more space than a regular camcorder.  The battery is a joke.  I've only used it a few times so far.  This camera is the most frustrating thing I have ever purchased.  So far it's been the worst part of buying this product.  If you're looking for a cheap cheap camera I recommend looking elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought a Tivo. Tivo is the best. ------------ No. -------------------------- The tivo is a poor quality device. ------------- No.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace a previous one that I bought that was terrible. This one works well but I do wish it came with a charger (I use my phone to charge it all the time).  It's very good for a portable charger but not ideal for a power bank.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************ I am very disappointed with the purchase. I ordered this device, and it arrived just a couple of days after purchase, so the delivery was very fast, and the quality is good. I bought the USB cable for my laptop, but when I plugged it into my new iPad 2, the connection was weak and the sound was muffled. So I was a little disappointed. I used the adapter, but it still didn't sound great. I had to buy a 3rd party device for the iPhone to get the same sound quality. The iPad 2 has a much larger screen and I thought that would allow me to use a higher quality adapter. The 3rd-party device was good, but not as good as my own. I would recommend this product if it came in the same size as the iPad 2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for the first time yesterday.  It was a great buy, I just wish it would last longer than 2 hours!  The device is a little noisy and doesn't do very well in my apartment but I think it will still be useful.   This is an excellent value for the money.  Great device for the price!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great phone but for some reason the software isn't very good. I'm still waiting for Google to fix this. It also takes forever to get to a google search. And I hate having to keep looking for a way to get at the settings and you need to keep using your finger to swipe.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used my vita for a while now, and my first few games on it were really enjoyable. but after playing a lot of ps4 and Xbone games my vitamix stopped playing music for me. my vtos usually work fine but this one has always seemed to be a little glitchy. I really want to keep using it but its starting to get annoying now
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very, very loud and doesn't let you listen to the music at the same time. The sound quality is not great and the battery is not long lasting. The device has to be held very carefully in order to get it to turn on. If you are going to listen to music while walking around or running, this is a no-go. I would not recommend this product to anyone!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to return my iphone 4 because of a cracked screen. The iphon didn't get a full day of use but it was the right price.  You can get a much better iphono at a much cheaper price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a sony digital camera for about a year and i love it but it isnt as good as the other digital cameras ive owned and this one is worse than all the others. it works fine but the battery dies in a matter of hours and then the camera will turn off. the lens is horrible and not worth the money to get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is one of the worst things I've ever purchased. I purchased the iphone 5, 5s and the ime 9 to play music.  When I first received the ichun the sound was great.  When I went to play some music I found that the imei was not playing music. I went into the ikea store and had the same problem.  I contacted ichu and they were very nice and gave me a replacement.  The ichou did not sound as good as the iclone.  This is one case where ikeas service is not good.  If you want to play audio files this is the one to buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of my friends who own this phone call me and say they have a problem with the battery and the screen. they also say the phone is so hard to use its not worth it. the battery is a major issue and if you do not take care of it your going to end up with a dead phone. i did not buy the device for the battery life and the fact that i was going to pay a lot of money to get a good device. its just not worth the price of the device. you dont get what you pay for
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this device as a gift for my husband. He absolutely loved it. The only thing he did not like about it is the fact that it does not have an on/off button. It is a bit tricky to turn off. But I am happy he liked it. I was able to turn it on and off with my phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This is a good thing I have this on my iPhone and it is great for when I am out and about, it has a lot of features, but the buttons are difficult to press sometimes. The battery life is decent, but not as good as other devices, and I don't like that I have to change the batteries. I wish there was a button to set the device up so that it doesn't need to be plugged in every time I want to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few months now and its working fine, but i noticed the buttons arent flush, when i hit the power button it seems to hit the button but the power switch is on the left side, this may be the fault of the seller but im very disappointed. i will be returning the unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a month now and it still doesnt work. i was given the chance to send it back to the manufacturer and they told me i needed to get it fixed. so now i have to wait another month to get a new one. i do not trust this company at all. i bought the device as an investment but now its a money sink.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     Not really that great, but it's the only phone I can find in my area with a good selection of apps and music.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I got the PPI-3 I had some problems. The first problem I had was that the sound was so loud and so distorted that it was nearly impossible to use it for any kind of music. So I just switched it off and have since returned it to the store for a refund.  Rated 5 out of 5 by LJ from great product I bought the device to connect to my home theater system for the surround sound. It works well. I just wish it had a USB port. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device after hearing so much about the excellent quality of these units. I was skeptical when I first got the package and the box, but I have to say that I am very pleased. The device works exactly as it is advertised. The remote works great and is easy to use. The picture quality is very good. I use it with my V-Moda m-series headphone amp and it is a great sound. The only issue I had was the cable. The connector on the end of the cable was way too short and wouldn't fit into the port on my amp.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a wireless speaker and I'm glad I did. It's very quiet and I didn't notice any echo or distortion. I'm using it to play my iPod and I haven't noticed any problems with the speakers. I'll probably be purchasing a pair for my iPad Pro.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a very basic and boring device. It's not the best I have used, but it works for what I need it to. I think the best thing is that it works without having to connect it to a monitor. It doesn't have an analog output, so I need to connect my TV to it for a second monitor. That's fine for some, but I don't want to have to use my phone to play music when I'm playing games or using my computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had the LG G3 with no problems at all for a few months now. But the LG has had its problems, some of which have not been fixed. First, there was the power problem that affected all my devices, including the LG. And the battery life has been disappointing. After about 2 years of use, I have noticed that the phone no longer charges from an AC outlet. The battery still works but I find it more convenient to charge from a USB outlet instead of the AC outlet which I have been using for a couple years now. It has also started acting up and is now making a noise like a crank. I'm just trying to find the best solution to my problems, and I just want a replacement as soon as possible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing's bad.  It's just so cheap.    It's the size of a mini fridge but much less functional.  It has a crappy touch screen with a bunch of buttons that you have to scroll around to do anything.  The keyboard is horrible and the touch screen is so tiny.  I'm using a Macbook Pro and it works great.  If you are going to buy this you might as well spend a little extra.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just bought this about a month ago and I'm very disappointed. First of all, this device is made in China. It is extremely heavy, and I have to use it on a desk in a hotel room. The screen is very small and is difficult to see. I was hoping to be able to adjust the brightness to be a little brighter, but it doesn't. The speakers are also pretty weak. The device is also hard to remove from the case.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The unit is not very durable. It will fail before you can install the batteries. And the buttons and lights are very difficult to use. This unit would be a perfect gift for someone who has no experience with electronic devices. I recommend to get the rechargeable batteries or just get the cheaper one. It is not worth spending the money.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery is very weak and I had to replace the battery.   I have been using this product for 3 years now and have to replace it every few months.  This product is really good, but the batteries are weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an Apple iphone 5s. I have owned two iphones in the past.  The first was an iphoned 4.   The iphonic 4 was an absolute train wreck.  I got a new iphony 5 iphon after about a year.  The iphonics 5  is ok.  It has the same buttons as the iphonel 4, the same design.  However,  the  iphonia iphono comes with an out of control  sound  that the  ipod 5  is not.  This iphoni is also not a good iphoner   or iphonta iphona ,   in a good way.  This iphonest iphoning   is not the same iphonna iphotone   I have   with the ipod 5.  These iphons iphophones  are not iphonetones iphostones, the i pod 5's iphodone iphors.  You can see that  ipsod 5 i pod is the  same iphopo ipho   as  ipods iphorecord iphory.  If you are a iphophile iphome or  if you are iphobes iphose or  i do iphoes iphoy,  you may want to look at the  i iphor iphos.  There are  i iphoric iphores iphoro  and  ic iphora iphoras .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My computer is still running a few months after I bought it. I am on my second one. I thought I had finally found the one that would last me the longest. Unfortunately, it has a lot of problems. The hard drive is not bootable. I cannot connect to the internet. I can't change my password. I have a new hard drive and the same problems. I was very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I purchased this for a family member as a replacement for their old computer that was defective. When I plugged this in, I was a little skeptical. After plugging it in, it turned on. The display said "HDMI" and the keyboard was labeled "QWERTY" which I had to get used to. But I plugged in my laptop and my friend plugged in his and he couldn't tell the difference. It's hard to use the keyboard if you are used to typing on a computer, but I like that. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product and it is the perfect replacement for my old computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device does the job. I use it on my iphone to record podcasts, and it is easy to use, but you have to watch out for the fact that the battery is a bit low.  It is nice to have a battery backup, but it's the reason why I would recommend a more powerful device to be used instead of this one.   My biggest problem with the battery:  The fact that it's a battery powered device    is a problem, but I guess the thing is it is a small one and not worth the hassle of buying a new one if it breaks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have used the S6 Edge for the past few weeks and it has been a great device. It has fast charging (the fastest I have seen in any smartphone), fast playback, and a decent camera. The S6 edge is great for watching movies. It takes pictures that I actually want to see, which is nice. I like that the device doesn't have a fingerprint scanner, so there is no worry about losing it. The camera is also great. It is good enough for everyday use and it doesn't need a lot of processing power. The only downside is the screen, which was not as bright as I had hoped. Overall a great phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love the way it works, but it takes forever to get a response back. I had a couple of other issues with the unit and they were resolved quickly and the unit is fantastic, but the issues with it make it a no go.   It took me 3 days to get my replacement and 3 days longer to receive it. I was told I would get it next day but I was just given a new unit. I am disappointed and the company needs to improve their service.  ,  (5 stars)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device as a gift. I was so disappointed. The unit was poorly built and did not seem to be able to be turned on. I could not get a connection to the charger. It is really not worth the money. I will not be buying any more from here.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from No way, no how I bought the 3.0 usb charger, thinking it would charge my iPad but it does not charge the iPad at all. I have an iphone 4. I thought this was the same as the iPad charger. The connection is loose and the unit is not able to charge it.  (Posted on 5/3/2016)  Review by: Nino from New York The charger has a good design and is very easy to use.  of the four chargers i have bought, this one is by far the best.  the only issue i had was the usb cable is too long and not easy to get on the charging dock (Posted 7/17/2014)  a little disappointing... Review by: David from North Carolina Purchased the 3g for a family member who's iPad was dying and i thought this would be the solution. The only problem was the USB port was plugged into the wall but not charged. The charger is great. The problem is it charges the iPad when plugged in but when you connect to the usb it doesn't charge the device. i'll get this fixed and i will return this item for another one.  and if it is the same thing as the 2.0 that it was supposed to charge the 1st time. Then it should be ok but it isn't. if i could rate it lower than 3 stars, it would be a 5 star but i can't. (Posted 5/17 the charger has good design Review by:(Posted 7.20/2013)  with the charger i was able to use it on my iPad2 but not on my iBook Air. the usb connector on the iPad is on the left side. i can charge the iBookAir and iPad2 on the iMac i bought it from this website, i bought 2 different USB chargers. i love the design and the quality. the only thing is i have to buy two USB cables. (i'm thinking of buying another charger) (Posted 2/17 this is a very nice charger Review by :: ) This is a great charger. I bought
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using a TRS to connect to a digital tv for the past two years and it works great. The only thing I'm disappointed about is that it's no longer made by a major company. I used to get a 3 for $40 and I now get a 2 for $35.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product about 6 years ago for my son's cell phone. He didn't like it at first but I thought it was a great buy since he was getting a cell phone at his age. It wasn't long until he started using it and started getting calls and texts. It has worked well so far but I have had to return it several times because of it. I tried to return the device to the store but the employee wouldn't return it for me because the item was broken and needed to be replaced. I am a mom of a young child and it has been hard to find a good device that works with my kids. I would recommend this product but be careful if it's broken and doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the new samsung galaxy s7 edge for about a week now and it has been working flawlessly. ive used it for about 10 hours per day since the 30th. its fast and it feels really good in the hand.  its not a super s7, but it has a lot of good features and the price is right.  the only problem i have is that its not water proof.  that is a really bad problem to have on a samsung device, but they fixed that.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ The sound is good but not great, the design is good with a lot of ports and buttons but the USB port is so slow. I also wish that it came with a micro usb cable, as that would make it so much faster. _____________ The design is cool but the sound is not. The design makes it a good toy for kids. I would buy it again for a child, but if you have kids this is not a good purchase. _____________________________ Overall: ____________________ The device is well made and very good quality. It's great for the price, but it does not match the price tag of a good computer. ______________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a klipspringer for about 5 years and i really like it but the klip is a little slow. theres no reason it should be this slow but it is. also its a little heavy and not really a good size for me. i just bought the k-line bic and the kline has some great features. ive already recommended this to a friend who loves it also..............................  I bought this for my daughter who has been on the hunt for an electronic toy that she could keep in her room all day long. She absolutely loves the product and the fact that it has a little LED light in it, which makes it a great choice for when she wants to keep her hands busy. She is able to turn it on and off with her head and just keep her eyes on the TV. I also bought this to keep my son occupied while I was at work and he was able to keep his hands busy without getting bored. The fact that this is a rechargeable toy, means that I have to recharge it every few months, but it has lasted well so far.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my first electronic device (I've had a cell phone, an iPad, a portable hard drive, and a laptop), and I have to say that it is the worst device I've ever owned. The display on this thing is horrible. The colors are so bright that they make it almost impossible to read anything. It doesn't even turn on properly, the screen is too small and doesn't have a light on the bottom. I had to call Best Buy to get it fixed. I have been looking for a good tablet/phone for a long time and this is a horrible experience.  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is not bright enough. I had to turn the screen down to get good image quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The best part is that I can't hear the ring when I have it on my wrist. The bad part is I don't know if I'll have to replace it, but I'd rather have it than the regular earpiece.!!!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works as expected This is a great earpiece for people who want to listen to music and don't want to use their mobile device while doing so. I would definitely recommend this for people looking for a simple earpiece that is simple to use and does what it is supposed to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I bought this product about a month ago. It is very easy to use and works great. I have the blue model.  The only issue I have is that it is very sensitive. - I had to change the power supply to a different device to get it to work. This is the first time I bought a new one.  a little frustrating but it was very easy.  in my opinion, the best one out there  It's pretty good, but a little slow to update, and I get the pop up saying "Unable to connect to wireless network." That's about it.  (It's only $14.95 on Amazon.com.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *****************************I have been looking for a smartwatch that is truly smart. My wife and I have a lot of devices and have both been disappointed with many of them. This watch has a lot going for it. It is very well made, has a very small footprint, and has a few neat features that I didn't know about. The battery lasts a very long time, and the watch is very accurate. I have had no issues with the watch not being able to connect with my iPhone because the watch connects to the iPhone via Bluetooth. I don't think I need to give any more props to the watch because it is really the only reason I bought this watch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have had this for about a month and a half. I am a first time user and my only complaint is that the battery life is very weak and it needs to be charged more frequently. Other than that it's a great product!  Rated 5 out of 5 by KJW from Great little flashlight Bought this a few months ago, and it's great. I can't wait to buy the battery backup version as I'm sure it's even better. It's light, and fits nicely in my pocket. The rechargeable is awesome.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is horrible. I don't like the way it is designed, the way its touch screen works, the buttons feel too small for the amount of buttons on the phone, and the screen is so small that I can't see much of the screen. If you don't mind a larger screen, then by all means get this phone. I think it is more than just a bigger phone though.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, January 22, 2011  Not bad  by Paul from North Olmsted IL USA  Pros: Great phone.  The display is nice. -No more fumbling with the case, it fits so well and is very secure. .  of this, the screen works great with the size of the phone. The phone is very fast, especially for a smartphone. ,  -You can't get rid of it when you want to, but I have never needed to. The screen does not need to be adjusted, the touch screen is very good. : I like the design of the case and the phone is comfortable to hold.  in the end, I'm satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It was good, but it died when i got it.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Brett P  5  Reviewed by:from  Pros: It works  Cons: Can not get rid of the smell  Review: This device is a great idea for keeping my dog from chewing on the carpet. It works great. , but the smell is awful. It's like a combination of a rotten egg and a sweaty carpet cleaner. I can't take the smell in. It will be a waste of money to replace the unit when it dies. I'll try another brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If your going to spend the money on the e-book reader you can get an inexpensive one at a local store that will do the job better. The problem is that it has a ton of lag. After a few minutes it will stop. It's like the screen is stuck at "loading" and never turns on again.   If you have a tablet you might be able to use a mouse and keyboard. But I wouldn't use it for anything but reading and playing games.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 04, 2012  Good Product  by: Jason from Waukesha WI USA  Pros: Easy to set up. Fast reading. ,  Cons: The only thing I would change about it is that there's no support for PDFs. I have to download them from my iPad using my phone. I am just a casual reader so I can get by but I wish there were some kind of way to use the app to do that.  to be fair the app is not great either and the app does not do what I think it should. The only way I can use the iPad is to have it connected to my phone to get the PDFs  I do have a few complaints but I do not want to go on and on about it. This is a good app for the price. .  the only problem I have is that my iPad does not have a keyboard so I have had to resort to using my keyboard to enter text and then use the buttons on the iPad to move the cursor around the page. It would be nice if the iPad would have a built in keyboard. The only other thing I want to mention is that I use this app to access the library at school. When I am on campus I have a number of books but when I am off campus I do have the books but I cannot access them. I wish I could do that but I can't. This app would be great if it would work on my Mac. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this phone to replace my previous LG G2. The phone is great, I have used it for the past week and the only thing I did not like about the phone is that the camera is just ok. It has a nice size and quality and you can get the camera to work with almost all of the android phones but the quality is just not up to par with the other android phones out there. I know this is just my opinion, so take it with a grain of salt.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a good toy.   It's a nice looking toy, the best looking toy I have owned. The head of the dildo is a little flat and not the most realistic, but it's not bad either.   the dildos are smooth and feel really good in your hand. The texture is nice and soft. I would buy it again. I wish the head were a little bit larger so I could get it all the way in and out but it still feels really good. I got a little scared after I started using it because the head can get a little in my mouth so I thought I was gonna get a bad mouthful but no it was just a little on the large side. I'm gonna have to try it in different positions cause my mouth is pretty small. The dildo itself is pretty strong, not the easiest to use, but I still like the toy a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was using this device for about 6 months and the battery was starting to fail. The device did not start, the light would go on and off. After the battery finally died I went to the store to get a replacement. The employee said it was probably defective. After looking at the replacement I found the same issue. So I sent the replacement back. After receiving the new unit I checked it for the same issues. So the replacement is defective as well. This company should be ashamed of themselves. I will never buy anything from them again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a good thing, but not for me. I wanted a portable audio player that would be able to handle my mp3 player's quality. However, the player is so slow that it takes more than 5 minutes to play a song on my mp player. I was hoping to use it to listen to music on my bus or car. I am not a fan of the design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's a great gadget and really does what it's supposed to do. However, the screen on the phone does not have a good color and the image quality is not very good. The only thing I'm happy with is the fact that it's waterproof.  Write a positive review about an excellent product:  This is the best phone I have ever had. I love the ability to take pictures without the flash. The sound quality is great as well. I wish it was waterproof and it is. , this is the most versatile device I have had. Its so easy to use, and it has a great screen. It's easy to change the settings on this thing. I'm very satisfied with this device. . It has a good screen. The image quality for the most part is great. I do wish it were waterproof. But for the price point, it's hard to complain. It does not take up much space on my desk.  a great device for the money. It looks great and the sound quality and video quality are great. It is very easy to get started. The battery is pretty good, and the ability for the phone to be waterproof is great too. The charging port is nice too. 's a very good camera phone, but the camera is not that good, there's no video, there is a lot of noise.  in my opinion it is a bit expensive. but for the quality, I will recommend this device for anybody. I hope that this is not a bad review for this device, because the camera on this phone is really great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** This is a wonderful electronic device. I have two of them, one for the house, one at my office. I really like them. The only thing that I don't like is the battery life. I use the home one about once a week, and it dies in about 2 weeks. It would be nice if it had more than one battery, because the home unit is a lot lighter. But, if you are looking for a nice set of small electronic devices, I'd recommend this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have to say that the Eon 3D printer is very nice. The build quality is very good. It takes up little space. I used the "nozzle upgrade" that was included in the kit. It is a great upgrade as it is much more compact than the previous nozzle. The only downside is the printing speed is about 1/3 of the original. The prints are still good but the cost of the printer is way too high for what you get.   The instructions are very good as well. I have been using the "EON Basic" model, so I am familiar with all the settings and how to use them. I just hope the cost does not get out of hand.   the only bad thing about the printer was that it had a problem with the extruder motor. The motor would not spin. The problem is that the plastic housing was so loose that the bearings were not able to move freely. So, I replaced the bearings. The printer works great now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is good for the price, but the build quality is poor. The case cracked when I opened it up, so it won't hold my tablet. I have a 2TB drive, and I can't use the SSD to transfer data to the HDD. I can only use the HDD to copy files.  I have no idea why they are shipping such a poor product. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to buy a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had this on my XBox 360 for 2 years and it was a great system. Then, Microsoft bought out the hardware supplier. The system works fine, but the new Kinect doesn't work well with this controller. If you have a Kinect on your XBox, I would get this. If not, get something else.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem: The first device i bought was the original one from the very first day. It worked for a month and was pretty much perfect. But after that it stopped working completely. It wasn't my fault, the battery died and I was too lazy to replace it so I just gave up and went for another one. This one, on the other hand, was the exact same. It didn't seem to be working properly so I took it to the store and the lady who sold me this one told me that she'd been selling it since it was released, but the battery had just died. That was a little frustrating as I really wanted to like it and I've seen so many good reviews about it, but I just can't trust the battery anymore. It has also been getting hotter and hotter since it's been on. Other than the problems, I really liked it, the price is right and it's the first one that's been around for a while. The next thing I purchased was a Samsung Galaxy S3 and I bought this one as well as a Galaxy Note 3. The Note 3 had a bigger battery than the S3 so I expected to have a slightly bigger battery, but after a month, the Note 3 battery has almost run out and this one doesn't work at all. Another thing I noticed is that the phone is really hot to the touch. I put it on my lap on a cold day in January and it was just so hot. The backlight on the phone has a small LED so I'm not sure if it's doing any damage or not, but if it is it's really annoying. Lastly, the phone will also be going back.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's an amazing device.  I've been using it for a few years, and it's the only one I've ever been able to keep up with.  I like that it's so simple and elegant - but I also dislike the small print at the bottom of the page.    As a professional photographer, I find it very useful, and I'm sure that many of you do as well.  I would recommend it, but be prepared to get a new phone for it if you want to replace the old one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one since i bought it back in september, and it's been in daily use since. the only thing i hate about this is how cheap the design is. ive bought a few of these, and i think theyre great. but the one i had is very bad. it has an annoying buzzing noise on the top, and the screen is just awful. i can't believe they could make a decent looking screen that is this bad. i'm going to go through my entire collection and probably get a new one. it's like the company knows how bad the design really is, and they make it worse. this one isnt worth it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my first e-reader and I have been using it for about a week now. I have read the book in this one but I did notice that the book seemed to be on the slower side. I usually read fast but the slow pace of this book seemed odd to me. I am very familiar with the series and I like that it is being adapted. The story was enjoyable but the pacing and the language was quite slow to me in this version. Overall, this is a decent read for people who are interested in the series. I hope they can find a better way to adapt this series.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the samsung iphone 4s for about 2 weeks and i can say its terrible. i had a bad experience with a previous iphones and the s4 is a total disappointment. i have been having problems with my phone for a while now and this is the first phone i bought that has made me say i will never buy another. i am a college student so its no surprise i was having issues with my ipad 3gs and my samsung galaxy s2 but i was not able to deal with my iphons. i was even thinking about switching phones because of this. the screen is very cheap and has a lot of glare, and the backlight has no contrast or brightness. the battery is a joke and i cant use my phone when its full charged. the s5 has much better features but the siphone isnt worth the money. I hope iphon gets their act together because the s2 isnt even as bad as the s3.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The sound was better before but this one makes a lot of noise when you use it. I'd recommend it for a few hours but not for a long duration.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 of these in 2 years, 1 of them was a failure, 2 i didnt like, 1 had a minor flaw, the third one i really liked but was defective so i went back to the first.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I bought this as an alternative to the wireless keyboard/mouse I have that requires batteries to work. The product is extremely good for the price. It does what it is supposed to do very well. However, it is very difficult to get a good connection and when it does connect it is only good for a few minutes. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants a wireless keyboard and mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this monitor to use as a monitor to view the game of Starcraft.  The monitor is nice, but the color accuracy was horrible.  I bought the 24" monitor for Starcraft. I have had this for 2 weeks and i can not tell the difference between this monitor and the monitor that came with the computer.  I have been playing the game for 8 hours a day and i have yet to see a difference.   The monitor is pretty bright, but i feel like the screen gets dimmer the more i use it.  Overall i think this monitor is a good buy but not worth the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speakers were too small and not loud enough.  I wanted to have the speakers in my room but the only way I could get the sound out of the unit was to turn it down to low.  I have been using this speaker for a few weeks now.   The sound quality is very good for a portable system.  The speakers are very clear and very loud.  I love the compact design.  However the speakers can only output so much power.  If you have an amp you are going to want to use it.  Also I would recommend that you check the impedance of the amplifier and make sure that the amplifier has a good impedance rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I am a professional computer technician. This thing is a total waste of money. It is very slow and has terrible speakers. I would give this a zero but if you do want to do any type of audio work or video, then this is a good little system. I use this with a Sony Playstation 3 and it is just the ticket. I wish it came with a micro usb cable and a dvd adapter.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I just received my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge and it's so much better than the iPhone 6 and 6+! I just received mine and I was so impressed by the build quality, design, and the battery life. I have an iPhone 6 Plus and I am very pleased with my phone. The iPhone 6 is great for most people but it just doesn't compare to the Galaxy S Edge. I love that it's got a big screen and a camera too. This is the only phone I will ever buy and I'm very happy with it. I would definitely recommend it!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: dttech
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am new to electronic products and bought this in early 2015. I bought this device on sale for $100. I love the device and it does a great job, but I am very disappointed with the battery life and the fact that I have to plug it in at night to get a full charge. I am sure this will get better with time, but for now I am giving it a 1 star.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes a little getting used to, but it's fast and easy to use. I'm not sure why they didn't just make it with a touch screen. The keypad is pretty good, but the screen isn't great. My biggest issue is the way the button works. I have to push down on the button and it goes to the next screen. I wish there was a button for more than just entering text. The fact that you can't get to the web browser is a huge plus. I bought a different keyboard that had a built in touch screen, but I had to buy a second keyboard just for the touch screen because of the key problem. Overall a good buy, but maybe make the keys more comfortable?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- --------------- This item is absolutely terrible. It has the smallest screen of any of my devices, and the sound is horrible. I was looking for something that would have the features of a laptop and the portability of a tablet. This was not the device for me. I have my MacBook Air with a big screen and I'm not using this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my iphone 6s Plus but it is iphones biggest problem.   The iphon software is very buggy and not working as good as the other iphonedes.  This is my first iphonelife iphona iphony iphono and it iz very good.  The only thing is  i have to take it with me when i travel.  I hope Apple fixes the iphoner iphontos software because it izzes iz so much better  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - December 13, 2010This is a really good product. But it is NOT the "Apple TV" It is a tv with a keyboard. - October 23, 2010I bought this product on sale so I figured why not. It works great, but I think it would have been better if the keyboard was in the front of the tv, not the back as is. I also wish the remote was in a different location. The only downside is that the keyboard is difficult to use because it is so small. - September 25, 2010If you want to watch movies and tv shows on your computer, this is a good choice. But if you want something like Hulu and other streaming services you are probably better off getting a Roku. - August 16, 2010Great product, but it is too small. I bought the Apple TV 2 and was really looking forward to using the remote. I'm not sure why Apple couldn't have put the keyboard in the back of the AppleTV 2, but at least it was on the top, which is where the other remote is. Other than that, this would be a great tv to use as a computer. - July 29, 2010i was really excited when i bought the apple tv 2. I thought it would be great to use it as a media center. i bought it and it's a really great product. but the keyboard needs to be in the top. i was really disappointed that i couldnt use it like i wanted to because it was so small in the lower part of the TV. but other then that it was a great purchase. - June 23, 2008i am very pleased with the apple remote. it's so simple to use and i have to admit i wasnt sure how well it would work with my iphone. but now i can watch movies on the iphon as well as my computer. the remote is very accurate. - April 24, 2008I have purchased many Apple products and I have always been pleased. This Apple TV remote is no exception. The Apple remote is simple to operate and works great. The apple remote is also the most accurate remote I have ever used. It has a solid feel to it and feels very solid. - March 10, 2008It was a fun idea, but unfortunately it is just not as good as the Apple tv. It takes up too much room in my kitchen and is difficult for me to use. - February 6, 2008This is one of the best Apple products
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device itself is great, however, the battery is extremely flaky, and the usb cord is too short. Also, I have the "b" version of the device and the "c" version. The battery life is awful, even with the extra "b".
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound quality on the  R.E.A.M.  and  Pulse was awful, but the ive been using the  R.E.A.L.    for a year now and the quality has gotten a lot better.  The only reason why I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because the charger is a bit of a pain to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this monitor as a replacement for my aging CRT and I am not impressed at all.  The resolution is very low, the color is terrible, and the refresh rate is only 25.    The monitor is very loud and the cable is extremely long, it will take me at least a week to replace it.  I purchased this as a way to replace my old CRT, but I will never use this for anything but my computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to do voice recording, but the unit will not record, or can't record. I can hear the audio signal when I plug it in and record. It's a good unit for a first-time buyer, but if you are looking for a more accurate recording device, this is not it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought a new cell phone today and it took it about 5 minutes to boot up and then it crashed, the only thing I can think of is that the battery was drained to about 50%.   I was able to download a backup of the phone but it has about 1.2gb of data and doesn't boot up, and there is no option to turn it on or off. I have been trying to call Verizon but the line is busy and the customer service rep I called is busy. I am so disappointed in this company, i can't even use this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This is a bad product. The battery lasts about 3 weeks. This is the worst product I have ever purchased. The buttons are not easy to use and the screen is very hard to see. It has been a year and I still have no luck with this product. I have used other electronic devices and I do not like them any better. I would not recommend this product to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I'm so happy I bought this. It is exactly as advertised. I can't believe how much I enjoy my new computer and monitor. The monitor is much better than I thought it would be. I am so happy with my purchase!  Review of 5 Star Review by Daniel I purchased this monitor after having read some of the positive reviews. I'm glad I did, it was worth every penny. I do wish the stand was more solid though. The bottom is a bit flimsy and easily falls off. I'll definitely be purchasing a better stand next time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 months and it works great for what it is but for what you pay for i think its not worth it. if you can get a better model for less money this is what i would go for. the only problem i have is that its a little hard to plug in and use. I was expecting this to be more durable because it is made out of plastic but it is not. its hard to get to plug it in but once plugged in it works pretty good. I like the fact that it has a built in alarm but the problem is that the alarm does not always work. the alarm only works when the phone is connected to a power source and the phone has a data connection to the alarm. other than that it is a great device
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device since it came out. its very easy to set up, and has been for a couple years. the thing is a huge pain in the ass to use. i use to have to plug in every day and then set up the thing on the computer, and then plug in to charge. now it is just a pain in your ass to do both. i bought this for the money and its good. i would recommend it but buy a bigger computer cord to plug into the back of it. the cord i got is too short for the cable. its a pain. i will not be buying another one, its a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ios 7 and it has the same problems. they put a huge amount of stress on the device and it's battery. i got my iolite ios 8 and it works much better and is much more reliable.   Good Features, Bad Design: ios 7 is great for basic functions and a great price but if you want more features and better design ios 6 is a better choice   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing sucks! I bought it for my son and he hates it! It's very noisy and not very bright. I really didn't want to have to put up with this crap, but after looking at other reviewers' experiences I figured I'd give it a try. I'm not happy with the quality of this product and I'm very disappointed that I spent so much money for this thing. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I had an iPhone 5 for about a year. I had a couple of problems with the device. The first was the screen was not bright enough. The second was the charger was not long enough. After two years of having the iPhone 5, I decided to get an iPhone 6. I decided on the 4s model because of the price and the camera was better. After a couple weeks of using my new iPhone 6 I decided it needed a battery replacement. When I tried to replace the battery the charger wouldn't work. It wasn't even charging. I went to the Apple store and they recommended I get a new battery. After the Apple employee came in the store I asked if I could get a refund. He told me no because the battery was defective. I asked why it was defective and he said because the screen would not stay on when the phone was on. I am very disappointed in Apple for making me spend $130 for a defective phone that I would not have even used if the screen stayed on. This is the first time in my life I have ever had to return a product because of a faulty part. If they do not fix the screen, battery or charger then I will never buy an Apple product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My son received this as a Christmas gift. The device was fine until it began to smoke. I had to get it out of my son's room. The smoke coming from it was extremely bad. I am a non-smoker and this is a huge problem. I'm going to have to replace it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iGrind is an excellent product, but I was disappointed that the included USB cable does not come with a male USB A plug, but instead a female one that is just about half the size of the male plug. It's just way too hard to plug a USB A into a female adapter. The only USB A to female adapter I have that works well is a $30 adapter I bought from amazon.    Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, March 29, 2015  A good value  by David from Lecanto CA USA  Pros: Works well, cheap.  Cons: Can't change the settings on the program  Review: I bought this to use with my iGrill. It works well. I just bought a new grilling tool for the grill. So far, it's doing the job well. It is a little difficult to change settings with the included cable because it is on the small side. If I had a male plug, I could plug it in and get the settings to my liking. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a pc laptop for about 3 years now and its the worst i've ever used it isnt compatible with my windows 10 pc i hate how hard it is to use its hard to even connect it to my monitor for anything it's like theres a little piece of glass in the middle of the keyboard when i try to use it the keyboard is always hot its almost as if it cant even recognize me it just keeps saying i have an error the computer is still working though when i turn on it i can see the light on the side of it it's as if someone has been touching it but its as if the person just left the laptop on the floor its so broken ive lost so much money and i cant even buy a new one its a waste of time and money its just not worth the time and effort to use this thing  Rated 1 out of 5 by Moo from Disapointed! After a lot of frustration, I finally got a replacement keyboard that works well. I've been waiting a long time for this one!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's very noisy. I have a very noisy laptop, and I was looking for something quiet. I love the built-in speakers, and they really are loud. The volume is adjustable, so you can crank it up if you want, but the sound is not worth the noise. I've already gotten another unit from this website because it's been so quiet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this because I wanted a large capacity hard drive. When I first got the drive I thought it was a good idea. It is not. I lost 2 TB of data. I don't want to lose that much data and this was my only choice. I had to send it back. If you are looking for a large hard drive for a Mac or any other computer with a 1 TB hard drive, look elsewhere. This drive is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ I have been using my Sony Vaio T2i for two years now. I have it as my daily driver and love it. However, the speakers are terrible. I can't even get the speakers to work. I've tried to change the speakers, I've replaced the drivers, I'm trying to replace the subwoofer, but nothing seems to work, and my audio is terrible. My friend has the same issue. I don't know if it's just my computer but my Sony is not getting any better. I'm not going to get another one.  Good Value but poor sound: __________________________ I'm a bit late to the audiophile world but I like the idea of a $600 laptop that's pretty well made and can play nice audio. My first laptop was a Lenovo Thinkpad T460s and I had to use a dock because it didn't have a 3.5mm headphone jack and the laptop itself wasn't any better in sound quality than my Dell Inspiron 1557. The T460's speakers are better than the Vaio's, but they're not as loud or clear as my Vaio. The sound is also more boomy and not as detailed as my Inspiron. So far the Vaios have been a good buy for me. The laptop is heavy and can be a pain to carry around. I do wish the laptop had a 3rd party case because I have to keep my laptop and keyboard in separate pockets. I also wish the speakers were bigger, louder and had more bass. Overall, it's a good value for what you get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is terrible. I've owned a few tablets and they've all been ok, but this one is terrible on every level. The screen is almost black, almost white. It's really ugly. The capacitive buttons on the front are a joke. I can't use them. They just don't work. It just sits there. It feels like it's trying to get up and move around but can't because of the buttons. The only thing that makes it tolerable is the speakers. The sound is good, but not great. It can get loud, but the sound quality isn't great. Overall, I'm going to pass on this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to figure out why my samsung s3 s8 is not working at all and it is very annoying to have a device that doesnt work at all. i bought this phone for my husband because he has a bad back. it has been working great on the 3rd attempt. he even has it set to vibrate, but the phone will not turn on even when the charger is plugged in. he says the battery is getting low. i tried to do everything in the manual but it still won't turn on. so i am trying to find out what the problem is. ive even been using the internet and found a problem that has been reported on forums and youtube. it says that this device can only be charged with a cable, but they dont include one with the phone. i am hoping that if i buy a new one, it will be like the old one. i was thinking of buying a cheap one, but i am worried about buying a brand new one when my old one works fine. *********  by David on March 28, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for about 2 years now and ive tried every type of computer i could get my hands on. ive never been satisfied with any one but this one ive always been impressed with. its super light, it does what it's supposed to do, and it works flawlessly.  this one has been my goto ive been able to get a solid 4 hours on my daily commute of 10 miles and its always running without a hitch.  if you're on a budget  this ive got you covered  i use my ipod 3g for my daily stuff and i use this one on my games and on the computer i'm not going to be using all the time  but  i will always use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device has very poor performance.  I used it to record my daily activities for a few weeks and was disappointed by the poor quality and the fact that I cannot turn it off.     The device's only redeeming quality is its price.  The only problem is that I have to be really careful when I'm recording, because the volume control on the back doesn't work.  Also, the camera lens is so wide and heavy that it's impossible to place the camera close to the subject without making a huge mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first thing I noticed about the Z2 Tablet is how large it is. It's almost as big as a paperback book. The screen is very bright and has a great resolution of 1280 x 800. The built-in speakers are a little weak and the touchpad is rather large.   This tablet is just so big and so heavy that I can't imagine having it in my lap.  The Z2 tablet feels like it could be used as a portable desktop computer.  I think the Z1 Tablet is a great option for those who need a very portable tablet for doing many things and for those people who want a full-fledged laptop/tablet. The Z1 is a little slower than the ZX Tablet, but for $499 it's a great price.  It's a shame that the screen doesn't get any better, but at least it's still a very nice screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this product was very poor in performance. I use this with my iphone 6s and my son loves it too but it does not compare to the other ipods I have had. If it is good enough for the old people this should be ok for the new kids but for a new iphones 6s it is so slow. I just returned the ipod after about 2 weeks and I was so disappointed that the battery was so short. It lasted about 5 months with heavy use but was just not enough. This is so frustrating to use and not being able to use other products to make it faster like a phone is. I can only give it a 4 star because it is a good product but for the price it was a very poor choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the HP Touchpad for my work computer to use in conjunction with a new laptop computer that I just bought. I was very excited to see the Touchpad was an excellent piece of technology. However, when I tried to use the TouchPad it failed to work in my Dell laptop. The touchpad would not register clicks or taps. In fact it would not even recognize the "left click" command on the keyboard. In order to use it, I had to use a third party program. I have not been able to fix it since. Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from Good touchpad I bought this because it has a touchpad. It has a very nice feel to it. It's very light weight and it has an almost rubbery feel to the touchpad compared to a traditional pad. It is also very easy to use. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good touchpad  Rated 5 out of5 by Anonymous from Great Touchpad I have a HP TouchPad that I bought 3 years ago and it works perfectly fine. I am not sure how I can be dissatisfied about a good quality device that I can use without any problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* This device is very expensive, not because of the hardware. It's a complete piece of junk. I was really hoping to get a better quality of audio quality than the crappy speaker of my old Apple. I'm sure that the quality of this device is comparable to the quality from a much less expensive iPod, but the sound quality is nothing like the iPod. It has a low quality audio, and is a little bit hard to hear. I've never had problems with my iPod speakers before, but this thing just doesn't work well. I also have no problem with the touch screen, but it doesn't have any buttons. It also can't be used as a wireless keyboard, so it's not exactly the best of quality for a wireless mouse. I guess if you're on a tight budget, this may be a good option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I am a retired Marine, and I have the best of both worlds: I have an iPad 3.0 and my old PDA-1000. I bought this for a "slim" version, but I can see no difference between this and the PDA. The only difference is the screen, which is a bit larger than the PDS. I am very happy with this purchase.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1.5 years old, has a crappy LCD, only use to surf the net but I still use it for video.  If you're a fan of the old school, you will not be disappointed. If you're not, you're getting a bad deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________   I was not happy with the purchase. The quality of the product is great, but the quality of installation was not. I bought this to have a portable charger that could be connected to my iPad Air. I have a MacBook and my iPad gets very hot when charging. This charger is made to charge the iPad Air in the afternoon and evening when I have the battery charger. The unit has a plug that is connected to the AC adapter. The AC adapter is just about the size of the iPad and is easy to fit in a pocket. The adapter has a wire that goes to a 3.5mm jack that is in the back of the charger. I am not a fan of the design of the plug, it looks like it could fall off easily and if it does it could be a problem for me. The charger does not have any type of protection that would prevent it from being pulled out of a power outlet or being ripped off. The instructions say to be careful not to pull on the cord. It does not come with a power cord and is very easy to pull out. I was hoping for a better product, but I am sure it would be better if I had been informed about this problem before I bought the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for less than a month now and ive been wanting a phone for quite some time but the only thing i was able to get my hands on was the LG lg g2 which is a nice phone but ive only had it for about a month and ively been using the g3 now for almost a year and it's finally starting to get to me. i dont know why its taking so long to update the software to the latest one but i dont like the idea of buying a new phone only to be disappointed because i cant use all of the features that come with the device but iv still been using this phone since its release a few months ago so ive kind of forgiven the delay but ill probably just go back to the lg lg 2 and wait a little bit for the update.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only good thing about this product is that it's small. The only bad thing is that the usb-c cables that came with the device didn't work well with it. When you try to use a device that doesn't have a usb port, it will only let you use it as a mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to connect my iPod to my Mac and it worked perfectly. However, it took a while for the iPod to get up to speed and I didn't have the latest software (Vista or OSX 10.6) so the connection was quite slow. I would have liked it if the battery life lasted a bit longer. I also got an extension cable but that wasn't needed. Rated 4 out of 5 by Riffles from I have this device and the cable... I've been using this for years and it works perfectly. The only issue I've had is that the power on the USB port goes out once a day (at least). The Apple Genius says it is not a power failure. I tried to use it for a while but it didn't work. I don't know what else to do.  Rated 5 out of 55 reviews from Works great I've owned this product for a long time and the cables are cheap. It's a very reliable connection. ,,,,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace a broken Sony Walkman which I bought in the late 80's and had to pay $300 to replace the battery in it.  My main complaint with this is that it is very difficult to use to play any of my old songs on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only thing that has ever worked. It was advertised as having a remote, but it didn't have one. This worked great until I put the battery back in and the unit didn't turn on at all. I sent it back to Walmart. I got a new one for free. I would never buy this device again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The problem with the E-M5 is that the battery life is very short and very inconsistent. When the battery is good, it's great. I don't have to charge it nearly as much as I used to and it gets the job done. I've used it for about a month now and I only have two days left until I have to replace the battery. I'm sure the E3 has a much longer life but the E5 is still much better. Also, if you are looking for a compact camera, the E7 is better in almost every way. The E7 has better zoom, faster autofocus, better image quality, better battery life, better video quality, and more options for filters. This is a solid camera but I would not say it is perfect.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best Micro 4/3 lens I've owned The only reason I did not give it a 5 star review is because it is the EOS M3 version of the lens and I am still not happy with the image quality. The quality of the M3 is much higher than the E4/M5. The M4/3 lenses I own are a bit more expensive. However, if I could get a M5/M4 lens for $300, I would probably buy it. I am so glad I got the E6 instead of the E2/M1 or M1/E1. I just have to say that the M2 is still my favorite M lens, but the M1 and E1 are very close second.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I hate my wife" - Bob Dylan
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was looking for an electronic device to watch a game and it was a bit expensive, so I decided to purchase a TV from a different company instead. The device I purchased was great for watching movies and it would get 4 or 5 stars for quality, but for gaming, the quality of the video is horrible. The picture quality is horrible and it does not even work in the same room as the TV, but it works on my desk in my home office and is so small and cheap that I can't justify the $99.00 price tag. If I had to use this device, I would only use it for gaming.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this monitor after reading a lot about it, and I have to say I was very disappointed. It's very bright, but the picture is extremely muddy. Also, when you look at a black image, the colors are extremely washed out. Also the sound is extremely weak. I'm very disappointed with this monitor.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for an easy way to store my phone on my desk while I work and this did the trick!  But the battery in this thing runs down really fast and it is hard to make sure it is completely charged.  The battery life on this thing is horrible.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have to say I was a little disappointed in the Pono player. The design is fine, but there are too many flaws to make it a worthwhile purchase. The battery life is short and the quality of the audio output is awful. I also have to wonder if Pono can handle the massive size of a Pono. My experience with Pono is only positive so far. I still have my doubts about the P3, but the P2 is a very good buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the phone for about a week now, and it has been great until today when the screen on the back of the device has gone black. i was able to get a replacement from walmart but now i am going to go back to my old phone. i do not recommend this product at all!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Tivo for my daughter. It was supposed to have two tuners. It only had one. I called and the guy on the phone told me it was only a problem with my house and he would send someone out to get a new tuner. I have been without it since. The tuner works fine, but the screen is so small and so dim. I can barely see it. I really would have preferred a larger screen or a tuner with an on-off switch. I will probably go back to a digital player when I have another kid. Posted by Ravi at 1:20 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought these a couple times now and the screen is so dim i can barely read my emails at work. the battery life is also very poor and when you charge it up they take a very long time to charge and then you have to wait to recharge it because the usb plug is not the right size for my phone. if you have a big screen and want a laptop you can get one but if you want a light to read on and not have to charge it everyday, this is not for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a cheap cell phone for the last year or so and have been disappointed with it, this time i got the iphone 6s plus ive been using it for 2 weeks and its a little slow, its a very expensive phone but its not worth the money
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a year now and it works great for what I need it for. Its not a game changer, but it works pretty well for what i need. ive only had the battery charge down to about 80% and it still has about 10% left. if you want a very cheap gamepad for the gameboy color and the fact that it works for me i give this one a thumbs up. I'm glad I got this one instead of the generic gamepad that i ended up buying.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   1st - It is a terrible keyboard, I don't care what anybody says, this is a great keyboard! I've owned other mechanical keyboards and this one has the best key action I've ever used. However, I also own a couple of other keyboards that also have the best quality keys, this one's just so-so. I also use a different keyboard every day. It is my main keyboard and I do have a problem with it having some small gaps between the keys, but that's just a personal preference. I've been using this one for a month now, it's so much better than my old computer keyboard, it feels better and the keys are much more responsive. This is a must have if you're looking for a keyboard!  2nd - I love this keyboard! This is the only keyboard I use and I don`t think I'll ever go back to a regular computer keyboard. It's so good I just use the touch pad for my keyboard, which is also very good. I'm currently on the second week of using it, and I've used it all day every day for a week and I have not had a single problem. I love the size of it, it fits my hands very well. This keyboard is very sturdy, and if you want a keyboard that won't fall apart after a few years, this would be a good option. I am currently on a 2 year contract, and my contract has included an extended warranty, which was a nice bonus. I was looking at the $50 mechanical keyboard but decided to go with this because I wanted to try a new one, and the price was a lot better. I don''t regret my decision at all, it is very good and I can recommend it. I highly recommend this keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I got my new Samsung S3, I was very excited. It was very large and a great deal for a 16GB model. I just didn't expect to be disappointed by the quality of the device. It's a very small and light device, but I didn't find the phone very sturdy, and the camera performance was sub par. I was also disappointed in the software: I have to type a lot of characters in order to do basic things like copy an email or browse a website. The interface is very easy to use, but it lacks features. I also found it difficult to get online and find useful information on the web. I'll continue to use the S3 as my main phone, but won't recommend it to others.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony Vaio XR1 that I bought 2 years ago. It is so hard to get the battery to charge. It will not charge at all. I'm just going to get a new one from Amazon. They have been replacing my defective ones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I bought this a month ago and after about 3 weeks I noticed that the volume of my music was really loud and I could not hear myself clearly. I did not think anything of it but now I'm afraid to use it again because it sounds so loud and not as clear as the Sony. Also I have a problem with my phone going into sleep mode and then waking up. I have tried to unplug the cable and put it in my pocket and it won't work. It's a very frustrating problem to have with a device that costs less than $50!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A Must Have I bought my first Sony for my son because I am a music lover. I am so happy I did. He loves the sound quality and versatility of this product. It is easy to setup, just like a standard stereo. The only problem I have is that the mic input is not for use with any other microphone that has a 3.5mm connector. I was hoping that it could be used with other devices, like my Canon DSLR. I will keep this one for myself.  Reviewed by Anonymous
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a couple of good digital camera, but I was really impressed with the camera on the Nokia N9. But the N9 was also really good, but not as good as the camera in the N8. I like the camera more on the N7 than the N6, but the N5 still has a huge advantage.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it's a really terrible device and should be avoided at all costs. The unit I bought has been in my home for a few months now, and while it works well for watching videos, it's so-so for video games. I had the first unit for about a month and a half, and it worked just fine for me. However, the second unit I got from them, which is almost identical in all aspects except for a better speaker, is a complete failure. The device is really loud, but not as good as the first. It also has terrible battery life. I use the remote control with my phone, so it's almost useless in the house. It's also not particularly easy to set up or use. I was not disappointed in the product itself. I just thought the quality of the second device was a little low. It was not the worst product I've ever purchased, but I wouldn't buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned two other brand electronic devices from other manufactures. I am a very picky person. I have always wanted to have a high quality audio system that was easy to use, yet still looked good. I chose this system because of its price point and it has done the job for about 4 months now. The problem with the first one I bought was that it had a very long cord to connect to my computer. The second one I have owned has a longer cord and works just fine. I just wish that it did not have a lot of wires running from the battery to the speaker. It would be nice if the speaker came with a little cord that the cord would not connect to the battery. I was so upset about the poor battery life when I first got the system. I can't wait to see if the new model is better because I am thinking about upgrading.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my wii for 3 years, it doesnt work well for any reason, it keeps resetting itself, it will randomly boot up and it won't let me play games, it wont let me connect to wifi, and it doesnt even work when plugged into a tv, if i get my wII out of the box i can connect it to the wii, but after 1 week, it won`t let me use the wII, its just like they sold me a lemon, theres no point in buying a wii.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Works well. The Nintendo Wii is still the best game console on the market and it is still as easy to use as the day it came out. I would recommend it to anyone who has a console. The Gamecube has a better graphics and more advanced features, but you'll probably be better off with the Wii.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The only thing this phone can't do is make calls. It can't make phone calls either. This is a very frustrating phone. If you're on a budget, you'll probably need to wait until a better one comes out.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my first keyboard, I bought it on recommendation from my brother who works at a computer store. The keyboard is very comfortable and has a nice feel. The keys are also very well spaced out so they are easy to hit. The function keys are well spaced as well and easy to use. The only issue I had was that the keycaps on the keys are a little rough, I have been typing with the keys upside down and the keys still squeak. I have used it for a few days now and it seems to be working just fine. If I ever decide to buy a better keyboard I'll be looking for a mechanical keyboard instead of the cheap plastic one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************I have been very impressed with my new iPad. It is super fast and the screen is beautiful. However, the app store has a couple of bugs that make the app unusable for me: I cannot purchase apps for my children because I do not have a credit card. I have been able to purchase the apps for free on the App Store and it is a great way to try out apps before buying them. I will not purchase apps that are no longer supported because I have had to buy new apps to get them to work properly. I do plan on purchasing apps from the appstore for my own use, but will not buy the ones I cannot use for my family. It would have been nice to have an email subscription to let me know about new features. I also do not understand why the iPad cannot sync my iTunes music library. I can listen to music on my computer and I want the same experience on my iPad. Overall, the iPad is amazing for the price, and I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device works great for what I need it to do. I have not used it for music yet, but have used it to make videos. It is so easy to use and setup. I would buy it again.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Product I bought this to connect my iPad Mini to my television for a music player. It was easy to connect, I'm able to adjust the volume on the TV easily. I was a little confused on how to set up the TV and the computer as I did not read the instruction booklet very well, but it worked. The video player is very nice and it will probably be used to watch movies. I like the fact that it is light weight and portable. I will be using it for a while.  I was surprised at how little this box costs. I bought it to use for a small music player and it has served me well. It's a bit slow for music, but that's not the point. The point is that it allows me to stream music to my TV without spending a ton of money. If I had it to change, I'd prefer a little faster processor. I also would have liked a way to change the channels on the tv. I'm not a fan of the remote. I prefer a mouse. I'd be interested in buying another one in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this product for about 2 weeks now. I love the fact that it is a smart phone charger. I have a phone and I love to go to the gym or on the road. I will say that I bought this charger from Walmart and it is very good quality. The one thing I will not get used to is the fact the it does not come with a charger cord. I bought a cord to plug it into my wall, and it was too long and not long enough.  You do have to buy a new charger for the phone charger or you can just buy one that is longer, and that way you can plug it in to your wall with the cord.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have a Sony E-M1 and it works great until the camera is turned off. After that, it's a problem. If you want a good camera that does the job, this is the one for you.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 26, 2015  Good Camera, but need better battery  by Steven from Seattle WA USA  Pros: Easy to use and take good pictures Cons: Battery life was awful. Takes forever to charge  Review: I was looking for a camera that is easy to use, with a decent battery life. I had the camera for a year or two. I used it daily, and then it stopped working. I contacted Sony, but they could not figure out why. They said the battery would last a month, but the camera was only getting 2-3 days. So I bought a new one, but it took more than a week to charge. I tried to buy a new battery, but Sony didn't carry them. I was really disappointed, but I am not giving up on the camera.  The only good thing is that the camera has an E-mount lens.  and a small LCD screen.  I am looking for another E-Mount camera to replace my old Sony A9. .  the camera comes with an external battery. it is a little on the small side but it does the trick. I would definitely buy this camera again.    Was This Review Helpfulto you? yes no
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** The product came broken in half. I had bought a case and used it on a Samsung Galaxy Nexus, and the screen cracked. I would not buy again. The case was not made to hold the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my evolv evo for about a month now, and the most annoying thing about this is that it doesnt have any input on the screen to change settings. It has a lot of buttons on the front, and it doesnt even have a power button, or volume up/down button, to control anything, its just a button on the back, which doesnt even turn it on or off. its a total disappointment. I really wanted to like this device, because its got a lot going for it, but its just not very fun to use at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the screen on this one has been cracked since the first day it was in use.  There was a large hole in the back of the screen and the rest of the case is just like that.   It has been about a year and a half and still no sign of replacing it.  I am not a fan of this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- 1/3 of the time it will not work. When you have to turn it on and off constantly, it's a bit of a chore. The software is slow and has a lot of bugs. The only positive thing I can say about it is that it does the job when it's on the charger and on the road. But if you're on the move constantly, the lack of charging is really annoying.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great value for the money. I am a big fan of the iPod Touch as well as other models. This device is just as good, if not better. This unit works as a computer when plugged in and a phone when it is charging. I would highly recommend this product. -T  I have a mac and I can use this with a mac computer but if you do not have a computer you can't use it with your android phone or any computer with iTunes. It is very nice to have the music on your phone and have it all on the go.  I am very happy with the product and I will be buying a second one in the future.  the only negative is that you have not had a chance to try the music that is stored on your usb drive. I have a lot. So I have had to put them on my computer for now. .  "This product is perfect! Very high quality, and I have been looking for one for quite a while! The USB interface is very solid and works very well. It doesn't get hot at all. I've already ordered a second USB interface for my next project, and will definitely be buying more from this company. Thank you so much!" -Bryson S.  (T)  "The iPod Touch is a great, inexpensive alternative to purchasing a full blown laptop." -Kevin L. , I really like the product. The interface is easy to use and the device is well built and very nice. The music is just fine, I don't like to have to sync my phone to this so the interface is nice. It's great to have my phone with me everywhere I go. The battery is not bad, but if it gets too low, it will need to be charged or plugged into an outlet. Overall, I would recommend this device if you are looking for a small device that does all the basic stuff you need for your phone. The quality is very good. It should last you
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a very bad experience. It took a couple of weeks to get the unit. The problem is that the unit is not working. It is very difficult to get it to charge. The unit is also very difficult on the battery to get to the maximum of 1 hour on a charge. Also, it will not stay on when you turn off the computer. I have replaced it with another one. I am not a computer person.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** This item was purchased as a backup to my main computer. I purchased this to get back up to speed after my main PC failed. The screen did not work well at all, I could not get any of the information I needed on the screen, and it did not seem to have a power button at all. It was very slow and very expensive. I will be looking for another brand and maybe another model of this model. The quality of the product is poor and the price is very high.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product. It's just the right size and the display is great.  The battery life is great and the buttons work as they should.    I love this thing and the price is great but the battery life leaves something to be desired. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ What's not to like? It's not like I'm missing out on anything... I'm just getting old and slow. I don't have a choice and I'm in a pinch! But, if you are a real tech, you will love it. If you are not a real computer geek, you'll probably hate it. I love it, but the fact that I'm trying to use it to play music is a deal breaker. It doesn't make any sense to me. But, I'm a musician and I'll do what I gotta do to get my music out there!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I bought this as a replacement for my old MacBook Air. It's ok. I'm just a bit annoyed that it doesn't have the extra features like a wireless card or an SD card slot. I had a lot of fun with it at first but now it's been in use for less than a month and I'm pretty sad about it. I just bought a Dell XPS 13 and a Sony Vaio Z Tablet and they're both better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone since 2011 and its been one of the most reliable phones I've had. the only problem i've had is with the touch screen. it was always out of place in my hand. now theres an app to fix it. but theres also a lot of apps that need to be patched for the touch interface to work. I've been in the market for a new phone. ive tried many different ones. but this is the only phone that works.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Not the best battery life or build quality. Very heavy, too.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 18, 2013  I wish I had bought this years ago  by: James from Washington DC USA  Pros: Great battery life, good sound quality, good video  Cons: Not enough ports, not enough features  Review: I have used this for a while now. This is my go-to portable device. I use it to record a movie in HD. I have found that this is a very good battery life. I can record 2 movies with it and watch them in my hotel room on a big screen TV. I would like to see a bigger screen, but the size is nice. The sound is very good. I do like the USB cable that comes with it. I wish the HDMI out was a little easier to use. It is hard to plug into the computer, and I have to use my computer's usb-cable to connect to it. The video quality is also very good, I am happy with it so far. I am a little disappointed that the battery life is only 2 hours. I know I should be using it for a lot longer, but if you're in a rush it's ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the microSD card slot is weak and not very easy to insert/remove. It's not even a tight fit in the slot. If you need to put more than 16GB of memory on your device it's probably best to not get the T1.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is my third set of these. I bought them for my 2 year old daughter to use for her computer and games, she does not like using them. But they are a good price, and the ones I bought worked fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a bit of a pain to use, but it does work well. I don't like having to remove the battery to connect to the computer. I can see the value of the computer but the charger is useless.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from BEWARE!!!! I bought this charger because it was a great price and because it has a built in USB port. However, when I tried to charge my phone with this, it wouldn't charge my android phone. The charger had a built-in usb port, but I couldn't charge the android phone with it. I had to use the computer charger instead. It took me 2 hours of trying to get my phone to charge. The only thing I like about this product is the usb port.    The device has a great design, and it's a shame that the USB port on the back doesn't function as well as it should.  the usb ports on this item is not a problem when connected to a computer and a usb hub but the ports on the usb hub don't work with this device and I have to buy a different usb hub to use with the usb cable  The USB port that comes with the device is a little flimsy and the USB cable that comes from the item is too long. The USB cable is too short to be able to plug into a usb port without too much tension. If you want to plug a usb cable into this device, make sure to buy the longer cable.  and if you're wondering why I didn't give this device a higher rating, the only reason is because I have a Windows 7 computer that doesn't have a usb 3 port on it so I couldn's just plug the usb 3 connector on the end into a USB port to charge the phone. I wish I would have bought a usb 2 usb 3 charger but I know it's not worth the $15 plus it's going to be a pain in the ass to get the proper cable and it has been a week since I got it.  in the end, if I was to get a usb charger, I would go with the Microsoft USB to USB adapter.  I do like that the charger comes with a USB to micro usb cable, but in the future I would just buy a usb to usb cable and use the micro usb port on my computer. The one thing that bothered me about this item was the fact that the usb power on/off button is on
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the worst wireless device I've ever used. The wireless range is very limited and the signal strength is terrible. My family and I used this with a 4G network and it constantly dropped out and couldn't keep up. The battery is also very weak and I'd recommend getting a stronger wireless device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 18, 2014  Excellent!  by Daniel from Fort Lauderdale FL USA  Review: Works as advertised, no issues  The best wireless connection available  I am very pleased with this product. It is the best wireless internet device available for my home. It has an excellent range, connects quickly and reliably, and provides an excellent wireless connection for my laptop and my iPad. I have it set up to work as a Wi-Fi router for my family's computers. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a quality wireless device and excellent speed. ,  Pros:  Good range  Flexible connection options  Cons:  in my opinion  Would I recommend this product? Yes, I would. -Great for laptop and tablet use-  -Flexibility with Wi-fi connection-  for the price you can't go wrong.  to the reviewer: My wireless router had been discontinued for some time, but it has a 4 band signal and it was time to get a new one. I also bought a new laptop and iPad and this is a perfect replacement. This device has an 8 band signal so I don't have to worry about interference. It also has a nice built in antenna. It's a little bit noisy when you turn it on, but that's expected for an old product. .  with the new laptop I have been using this wireless device as a wireless access point for the family's laptops and ipad. It connects so fast and is the only wireless device that can connect to the family networks. It uses a low signal which is great for the ipad and laptop as well as allowing the family to have a connection on one device and have a strong connection on another. The only problem I have had is with the connection when the wi-fi signal is weak. When it is weak and the ipod is not in use then the connection drops. I've found a good solution and I'm sure it is the manufacturer's fault. The router has a lot of power so it can draw quite
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I am so disappointed with the quality of the iDevice 3G. I bought it about a year ago for my wife and she is now using her iphone 5 and iPhone 4S with a 3G internet connection. It is a very good iphono phone but the quality is very poor. The battery life is terrible and the screen is very bright. My wife uses her  iPhone 4s as a phone and iphone 3G is her only iphoney. This is the most disappointing iphony device I have ever bought and I will never buy one. I am extremely disappointed in Apple. I think they need to improve their iphoning quality. I wish they would put a better iphon for $300.00 and i think i would pay $400.00 for it. I would not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The battery life is so terrible, I'm going to get rid of it, and buy an external battery for the camera. The lens is not sharp, the flash is extremely dim, the viewfinder is tiny and very hard to see.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Steve W. from Terrible quality! I'm very disappointed in this purchase. I bought the new Nikon D5500 to replace my aging D3300 and I'm really glad I did! I bought this camera with a 50mm F2.8 lens. It has a much bigger sensor than the old one and is much lighter! The built in flash is nice but the picture is really bad with it. I was using a 2.5x FOV and I can't see much. The color is good but it's so dark. I will have to buy a more expensive flash to make it work. The picture is much better with the Nikon D5300 and it's much better built. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! This is the worst device ever. I bought it on a whim because I love to play games. I didn't realize it would be such a nightmare to use. It took a week to fix. I thought I was going to have to buy a new device but I did the fix and now I am using a cheapo mouse to play the game. You have to put the device on its side and use a screwdriver to get it off. I really don't recommend this to anyone. It's horrible. If it had worked as advertised then it would have been great. But as is I'm not using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this phone to replace my old iPhone 6s.  This phone has a lot of problems.    First of all,   it has a weird "vibrating" noise.  It has been going on for a week and no one is talking about it.  If you are buying this phone just to get a better sound quality,  go back to the   7   or   8  .  I think this phone is overpriced, and the design is ugly.  The camera is horrible.  I get horrible low light pictures, and   the  camera is not that good for taking pictures. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now, and theres just something about the feel of the device that ive just not gotten used to. it has been replaced several times and has always broken again. ive never had any issues with this device, but the quality control is terrible and you cant trust the warranty to be honored. i just wish i could get it to work properly and have it be reliable
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the iPhone 4s last week and am very happy with my purchase. It works very well. The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because the device is extremely loud and I feel as though the sound will damage the device and make it inoperable in the long run. I also wish that there was a way to lock the microphone. I have used this product a couple of times so far and am satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This product is horrible. When I received it, I was excited about the fact that I would be able to listen to my favorite tunes on my portable music device. When the first song played, I couldn't believe that the device was able to play the song at all. The song is played from the beginning to the end. When you change the channel, the song plays again from the same spot. The device also had a problem with the songs that were stored in the USB port. When that happens, the device would start playing the song in the background, then play it again when you went to change the music channel. I have used the iPod Classic for many years and never had this problem. This product sucks. I'm a huge fan of the iPod, but this thing is a joke. It's not a good portable music player and doesn't even have the ability to play MP3's or music from a CD. I bought this item because it came with the ability for the song to be replayed from the start.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the battery was very weak.  I would only be able to use it for about 15 minutes before it would go dead.  I was going to give it a good review until the battery died.    Rating:  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this a few weeks ago to watch videos online with my iPad, but it did not work well at all. The screen is very tiny, and it does not turn on, but instead just stays on for a few seconds and then goes off. I do not know if the problem is with the iPad itself or if the device is not supported. It also does not record, so there is no way to do it with the video files. This is a terrible device, and I hope Apple will fix this. I have also heard that some other manufacturers have already fixed this problem. ---------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ ------------ I have had this laptop for about a year and it is very stable and runs well. However the sound quality is horrible and the computer is not very well built. I do like the fact that the screen is clear and the keyboard is good. However, the sound is terrible and if you use a bluetooth headset it will be a pain in the a** to use. I have also noticed that when I use a wireless mouse the sound will be very weak and I find that it will not work at all with the Bluetooth mouse. I'm a professional writer who works on a lot of computer equipment. I would not recommend this computer. I'll get a different one but not this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a good mp3 player for my new MacBook Air, and after much searching, i found the ive used ive seen on many sites, but the specs werent what i was looking for, so i bought a cheap mp3player, and it is great, but when i got it in the mail, the batteries ran out before the usb port was ready, so my mp3 plays fine, but i dont have a way to charge it when i leave it in my car, and i was really looking forward to using this as a cheap portable mp3 Player, but sadly, i cant recommend this product, since it doesnt have the quality i was hoping for, and its very easy to beat up, i couldnt recommend this to anyone, since its just ok
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I got this to go with my i5 3570k @ 3.6Ghz and it has no issues. However, I just wanted to add that the display is very small. I don't really like the small screen. I am going to get a new one but for now I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for years. it never worked and now i have to replace it because the screen will not turn off or even power off. i would like it to work, but it wont.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: g.n.hoes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   1. You must charge it every couple of days or the battery will die.  2. The screen is too small for the amount of information.  the most important thing is the battery life.  to me, the keyboard is too big, and the screen is small for what it is.  in my opinion, this is one of the worst products that i ever bought, i would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ This is my first electronic device, and I'm very pleased with my purchase. I have to say that I did not think it was as easy to use as my other devices, but this one is very easy to operate. My wife and I use it together and it's a great addition to our family.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from Great device We have 2 of these, one for home, one in the car. It has been easy to set up, easy to change settings, and we use it everyday for various things. I'm always amazed how easy it is to use. The buttons are easy to push, the screen is bright and easy to read, and it just works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I am a big fan of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and I thought it would be a great way to get my hands on the new phone, but unfortunately, this is not the case. The screen is a bit on the low side and the battery life is mediocre at best. I am sure the phone has a few other problems, but the overall performance is not that great. I just want to say I am really disappointed with this purchase. I would have given it a 5-star review if the screen had been as good as it looked on the box and the phone itself was good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a few weeks and it still gives me headaches. Its hard to type on. I have had it for two weeks and I still can't type with this device. I am still waiting for my next replacement device because of the problems I have been having.  I have this item for a month now and I can't say enough bad things about this product. It took about 10 minutes to replace it and I could not get the device to work properly. It is so bad that the key is stuck in the on position even though I turned the key to the off position before it was completely seated. It will not turn off when the battery is low and will not start. I also bought the warranty for it and they said it will be there for 2 years but I will never be getting my money back.  that is the only bad thing I have to say about this purchase  My new iphone 4 has no issues with it, the only thing I wish it had was a usb port that I could use as a usb drive instead of a micro sd card  Its good to see a good replacement for my old iphono player.  (Posted on 10/23/2012)  Love this! I've had the IPhone for less than two weeks now and it has already replaced my old ipod. The new ipod is the same size, same specs, and same sound quality.   The only thing that has not been done properly on the Iphone is the back cover. I would like to see it come with two screws in a different place that you could put a flat head screwdriver in to open the case.  , (Posted 6/11/2012, Updated on 6/12/2012 and 6/13/2012 to reflect new IPhone specs.)  Works Great! Just received the new ipod and was very impressed by the performance. I haven't found a better sounding ipod than this one. I really appreciate that the iphones volume button is now integrated into the ipod's volume knob. I'm going to get a second ipod just to have more sound options. :D  Thank you for the prompt delivery. (Posted 9/19/2012; updated on 10-15-2012 with new Iphone specs.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this item on Jan 5, 2017. I wanted a new laptop and this would fit the bill. I'm using this with my HP laptop. The unit works as described and is very sturdy. I like the keyboard as well. However, the screen has a small vertical line that appears and disappears. It looks and feels like a crack. The device will only display a black screen when you turn on the screen. I purchased the HP laptop and my screen is black and I have to turn the computer off. I have contacted HP support but they told me I can return it. So, I will have to buy a new computer to replace this one. I will only use this to use with my PC because I do not use the tablet well.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A great computer This computer is really good. The quality is top-notch and the touch screen is excellent. The battery life is great. I highly recommend this product.  is a very good computer. It is well built and it has lots of features that are great. The screen is very sharp. The computer has very good battery life and is great for web surfing, emailing, and gaming. I love this computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for about a year now and its been a problem. It seems like it will die after a few months of regular use. I have a lot of old computers so i knew it would work. The thing is a pain to turn on and it seems like theres no way to reset it. It just shuts down. i wouldnt recommend this unit at all. I've had it for over a year and i think it's time to buy a new one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great computer with the latest software! I've been using my Dell Inspiron 1420s for about 4 months now and i can say it's by far the best laptop i've ever owned. The screen is beautiful. I'm only a casual gamer but i love playing with the keyboard and mouse. The sound is amazing. The graphics on the graphics card are also good. The only issue i have is the speakers. I don't have any problem with my speakers but i'm not sure how they would handle heavy music. Overall a great laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a wireless charger for my iphone and it was so expensive, and I was trying to find a bluetooth one for my ipad and it would only charge it to 100% with my ipads charger. Then I saw the samsung one and thought that would be better. I got the one, but then it wouldn't charge my ipsipad. After doing some research I found out that the sony is using the same technology as the apple ipad chargers but with a different design.  This thing is great, I have it in my bag with me every time I'm on the go, and it charges my ipad to 100%.  It is so good, I don't need another charger!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound is very good, the volume and the treble are just right.   I would recommend this for a good beginner and a good intermediate user to have fun playing with the good sound. The battery life is decent, but you will need to keep the batteries charged because it is very slow.     It's a bit heavy to play at first, but if you can control the volume, it's great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an iphone for over a year and its been working fine, but ive recently had to get an iptt i4 because my iphones battery is dying. I bought the ipts iphono for my phone and the i4 is better in every way. I highly recommend the iphonos i4. It works like a charm with my ipt's iphona.  Rated 5 out of 5 by T.D. from Works like a champ. The i4 works great with my Sony Walkman and Sony turntable. The built-in phono and RCA jacks are great for my setup. The unit is so quiet I can't hear the difference. I'm very happy with this purchase and I would recommend this unit to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the samsung galaxy tab 10.1 for about 2 years now and it has always been a problem. ive owned two other samsung tablets. ived never had a problem with them. ives now bought a new one. ieve is in good condition. the only problem i can see is that there is no software that allows you to set the screen brightness or turn on airplane mode or anything. iven i turn on the airplane mode and then it just comes on the screen. ile has this feature on other tablets but not the sgs10.1. ivers only good feature is that it has a micro sd card slot. iving only had it for 2 years, ive only used it about 3 times. but still its a good tablet. __________________  This is an example of how to not know what you are doing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This thing will never work in my house again!!! It's loud, loud, and it's a total joke. I bought it on sale for $50 and it doesn't even come with a charger. My kids are constantly playing with it and it keeps them up all night. The thing is so big and loud, it's not worth the money. I will be looking for a different brand.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from I bought this for a Christmas present and I am disappointed. It doesn't come with any batteries. The wires were not even insulated in any way. The device was supposed to be a game. My son keeps complaining it doesn the batteries and I was so disappointed. .  the device is loud, the cords are too short, and the device was not charged or programmed correctly, as soon as I tried to charge it, it would not charge and would not work at all. I have a 10 yr old that loves this game and will not let him play it because of how bad it is.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this phone for over a month now, its been awesome so far. I use it as my primary phone. the only bad thing is that the battery is only 4500mah, and this phone is pretty heavy so the battery can die pretty fast if you use it a lot. Also the buttons are hard to press. I love that it has a micro sd card slot but i wish there was a way to change the internal sd card size. I was expecting to be able to change it to a micro sd card but this phone has to have the micro sd.  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: William D. - Verified Buyer I have owned this phone since it was released, and have used it every day since then. I have had to replace it twice and am currently looking to replace this phone with the iPhone 7. This phone has always done it's job flawlessly, and is a fantastic device. I am very impressed with the battery life, and the camera is incredible. This is a must have for anyone who wants a great camera on a smartphone. The only negative I have is that I wish they had the micro usb charging cable that other brands have. I usually carry it in my pocket or purse and just have to plug it in when I get home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this unit for a while now and i have been disappointed on a couple of occasions. ive had this unit since the last sony but i have never had this issue before. its a shame because the sound quality on this unit is great and the unit is very lightweight and portable but the problem is that its not waterproof. if i had to bet i would bet that there was something wrong with the unit that is causing the issue but ive never experienced a problem like this before and i feel like it may be a software issue. anyway the sound is good and the quality is good but if the unit was waterproof i would give it a higher rating. *******************************  Great Value: I've been very happy with the sound on my Yamaha M2S. It has a great sound, but there's one flaw. The microphone doesn't stick to the wall when you put it in a cup holder, or put it on a table or desk. So the mic doesn't work well at all. I'm using a Sony MDR-V6 with a XLR adapter, and it works great with the M2s. It also works well with my JVC head unit. It's a good value for the money.  Overall: If you're looking for a good wireless microphone, this is a great choice. If you don't want to invest the extra cash for an expensive mic, this works just as well as anything else out there.  the mic itself is great for the price and the built in stand keeps it from slipping around too much.    Overall I would recommend this mic to anyone that is looking for something that's affordable and easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this as an addition to my home theater but I am disappointed. The sound is okay, but the picture quality is horrible. I have the high end version. I bought the picture of this and the picture is better. However, the sound is bad. It does not sound like a DVD player. I don't know if it is the DVD player or a component of the DVD but the sound does not come through the DVD. I did get the DVD, but this did not help. The picture was bad, so this is just a disappointment. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only thing that was good about this device is the usb port. The other features are terrible, like no ability to connect to a computer or use other devices.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 30, 2014  Works as advertised  by Dewayne from Ocala FL USA  Review: Bought the device to connect my mobile device to the PC. Works as advertised and very easy to use.  the only thing I wish it had is a USB port for other devices like phones, tablets and computers.  I have an iPad and I have a USB Hub that I use to connect other devices to it. It is a good product but I would like to see a USB Port for other items.  that being said, I am very happy with the product.  a very good device for the price  Good Product but:   The USB Port is a nice feature but not as great as I expected. ,  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Friday, July 14, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  I was looking for a nice set of speakers and decided on this set. They sound pretty good. They are very loud. The volume controls are hard to turn, and it took me several tries to get them to work. However, the speakers sound very good. I would recommend these to others.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  6 of 6 people found the following review helpful: good sound quality and high quality construction
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this computer for almost 2 years now and the screen isnt always clear and doesnt come on when you turn it on. it just sits there blinking. if you use a mouse it doesnt even work sometimes. so if you want to use this computer and you cant because of the bad screen then its not worth it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: thepcmasterrace
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This item was a joke. This is the second time I have ordered this product. I had an identical item before but this time I did not use it. The item is very cheap plastic and has an LED light inside. It is really dim and does not last very long. I tried to use it but it just kept going out. I don't know why they did this. I am so disappointed. I will not buy another one.  Product Rating: 3 out of 5-stars.  and...the color is the same. The color is pretty good. the thing is a joke! It's not supposed to be waterproof, and it has the worst battery life. I'm glad I tried it though.  the thing looks cheap from the first look and from the description and the picture. , but this is the only way I could get my money back. I can't believe I'm wasting my time and money on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really nice piece of gear for the money, but I have a hard time believing it will actually last for that long. My only other gripe is the battery life, which is just a tad too short for a piece of equipment that has to be charged at least once a day. Also, the display is so tiny, it's hard to tell if you're looking at a date or a battery charge level. I just use it for my iPod, and it works great, but that's about it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works Great I have been using my LG BDP-103 for several months now and I have to say that this is a great purchase. I am very pleased with the battery power and its ability to hold a charge for a long time. The only drawback to me is the lack of a stand and stand attachment for my laptop, but as I have my laptop connected to my monitor via a USB cable, I find that I use my BDP 103 for my computer as well. If you're considering a wireless Bluetooth speaker, I would recommend this model over the other wireless Bluetooth speakers on the market as it comes with a USB adapter which allows you to use your computer as a speaker as well as a wireless speaker.  The only issue I have is the speakers sound a bit muffled. I had to change the settings to get them to sound as loud as they should, but it's still not a big deal for me. Overall, the BDP103 is a good product that I highly recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This is the worst keyboard I've ever used, it is made out of plastic and doesn't feel very good at all. The keys are too small and the keycaps are cheap. There are 2 different keys, one for left and right and the other is a little weird that when you press it it says "press on the second key" and it just makes you feel like you are typing on a weird key. The second one is way too hard to press and it doesn't have any type of key that you could use to type something. I tried to make my own keyboard but this one is just not as good as a real keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love my iphone but the buttons were extremely mushy and had to go to a different brand.   The sound quality was also poor. I'm really not a fan of digital audio but the sound was very grainy and distorted. I also had to use my phone in an external speaker as well as the phone itself for music. I would suggest getting an external amp for the phone and a DAC.  -Jenny P.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- -------------------------- It is a very nice device and a must have. However, it is too easy to get it back to the start button. This happens every time I try to turn on the device. Also, the display is VERY dark. If you have a dark environment it can be hard to read. ------------------------- ------------------------  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The power supply and charger for my Sony Vaio Pro are terrible. The USB charging is a huge pain. I have to go up to the top shelf in my office and pull down the power supply to charge the computer. The charging cord is also extremely short and not at all cord-friendly. I had to go to the store to get a longer cord. The software is a joke. The keyboard is a mess and there are no keys on the top row of the keyboard. If you want to use your computer at home then I'd get a Lenovo laptop or use a Dell laptop. If I had a second computer I'd just use a USB keyboard. This computer is really slow and I can't imagine going to work on it. The battery life is terrible and I get very tired of charging it every night. It doesn't seem like the design was done for a purpose. It's like a poorly made computer from the late 90's. I don't recommend this product to anyone who wants to use it at home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have had this item for about a month now. I can't believe the problems that this has had. The first time I opened the box it came broken and I had to send it back. Then when I got it back I discovered that the usb ports had all been removed. I then called customer service and was told that they were all soldered on to the unit and that I would have to have them re soldered. They also told me that they had soldered them back on. Now I know that is no longer true. I tried to call and speak with someone about the broken usb ports and how to get them resoldered, I was told I would need to bring in the unit back for the service technicians to look at it. This was after a 3 day waiting period. They never came back to me. So now I am out the money I paid for the broken box and the service department has no idea how to fix the broken units. If you are looking to buy an electronic device you better be sure it will work before you buy it. If it doesn't work then you are stuck with the broken one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------The quality of this unit is very good. But this unit has been replaced a couple of times already. I bought one unit to replace another that I have used for a long time. This one is not as good as the old one. It has the same problem. It just stops working. The cord is too short for the cord holder on the front of the unit to fit the cord. I have bought another one to use as a backup. The unit has had the same problems and has also been replaced 3 times already with no good reason. I just want to be sure this thing works. The price is great for a good unit. I am giving this 4 stars because I want to make sure the unit works before I buy another one. I hope the new unit works better because I am so disappointed with this one so far.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I had been using the original iPod for about 4 months and was very happy with it until I had a very serious problem with it a couple months ago. When the new iPod came in the mail I thought "Well I can't complain about a replacement. I'll have to deal with it" but that is not the case. This is the second time I've had to deal w/ this problem. I have bought and used many iPods but this one is the worst. It is not good quality. It has a horrible build quality. When I take it out of the box it's so scratched and damaged that I have to take the back off to make it usable. I'm still waiting for the replacement to arrive so I can have a brand new one to use. If it's not replaced by the end of the week I'm going to get a new computer, laptop, phone, and I'm not going to put this one back in my car. Don't buy this one!  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  2 of 2 people found the following review helpful: Very Good, but NOT the original This was my first purchase of a new iPod. After many problems I decided to replace the original with this. The only problem was the fact that this was not the original, but rather a re-badged version. I would not buy this again, but for a price I cannot beat it.  The product works great. The new one has a better battery and is easier to use (it takes two hands to operate) so I am very satisfied with this product.    Was it helpful to your experience? Yes | No  the first time I bought a new Apple product. It was a great purchase, and now i'm on my second. , but the original one was a piece of crap and now I can get the newer one that's built better. The original one is so easy to break. This one takes two of my two hands. So I'm very pleased with the new one and highly recommend it. The old one was not a good product, so I don't recommend it to anybody. Was this review useful to you at all? Yes / No ,, Was this helpful to the previous owner? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ It's not a bad device, but it is a bit difficult to use. The button on the front of the device is not well placed. I like the buttons on the side, but the front button is difficult to press. I think I will buy the newer version of this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I got this I thought that this would be a great device to have when traveling or when you're at home. It's not a great speaker and it's a bit noisy, but it's the best sounding I've ever heard for a portable device. I would say that if you have a portable amp you might want to look into this over a better speaker, but otherwise this is a great little device.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is really cheap, and doesn't really do a whole lot. The buttons on the top of the unit are the same as the button on the back of the iPad. I'm a bit disappointed that it didn't have an app, but other than that, it works fine. It does require that you be in wifi range to work, but for a cheap tablet this should be fine. I'd recommend to someone who is looking for a very cheap tablet that has a good screen, but isn't great for a gaming system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have had a couple of the previous generations of this unit, but this one is the worst I have ever had. I have been looking for a unit that is not just a "nice to have" but a "must have" device. This thing is junk. The only use I can see is to play MP3's and movies. I'm going to return it and try a different brand of CD player. This device is designed for playing music and movies that are played through CD's. It can play any CD that is in the player but it is not designed to play CD's that are not in the CD player like CD's from the video store or magazines that you have lying around. The buttons on this unit are horrible and I cannot get the thing to play. You have to press all the way down on the track, and then the player goes through a sequence of "goose bumps" to play the CD. This unit does NOT play MP 3's that I have found, but if you try it you will get a "no signal" on the CD play control. The CD does not play on any other brand of player I have tried. The unit is so bad that I can not recommend this unit to anyone. I would advise that you get a new unit. I tried several other brands of CD players and none of them worked well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ When I got this device, it worked perfectly. Then I put it to my ear, and it was like a giant, high-frequency bass. I thought it was broken, but the warranty said that they would replace it. I put the thing to my ears again, and I thought, oh my God, it is broken. And then it broke again. I got a new one, and after a couple months, I put a large piece of wood to my head. The thing just kept breaking again. The second time, the thing broke in half, and there was no way I was using it anymore. This is not the right thing to use for my needs. I am very disappointed in this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************** I bought this product because I liked the way it sounded but I didn't like the way the battery drained after only 2 days. The quality of the sound is still great, but the battery is so bad that it is really a bummer. Not sure why you would want to use it unless you were listening to music all day, like me. I bought another for my car so I can have a way to connect the amp to my stereo, but this one is just a little too small to fit in my car's trunk, and I hate using a jack because I can't plug it into the wall and use the amp's own speakers. It is also hard to turn off because the battery does not turn off when the button is pushed down. I was hoping to get the same sound quality I got from the other one but with less drain. If it had a little more power, I could see it being a nice little stereo. It has great features but I'm disappointed that I had to spend so much to get something that doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is an expensive device and I don't see any advantages for me. The quality of the speakers is awful and they sound very tinny. I purchased this device to replace a computer monitor. The monitor sound horrible and very poor. I am still looking for a better quality monitor and I will never buy this device again.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I received the item and put it to use. Unfortunately, it is a very poor product. I have had many of the other products from this company and this one is very poor. I am very disappointed with this product. ------------- Customer service: ------------- I am a long time customer and have purchased many of their electronic devices over the years. I will not be buying from them again. I would advise anyone who is considering buying from these companies to go elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was my first electronic device, so I didn't really know what to expect. It was a pretty basic, but usable device, for the most part. I found the buttons to be a bit too small to be used, so it's hard to know where to put the buttons. The screen is just a bit dim. The battery life is pretty poor, and the remote can get stuck and not respond, which can be frustrating. I would not recommend this device for the beginner user.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this device about a month ago and i was so excited to get it. The device works but its not as great as i thought it would be. When i tried to connect to my wifi it would not connect and wouldnt connect to the phone because it was on the same network as the device i was using and i did not want to get another device on the wifi. Theres also a small issue with the software where the app says that it needs the phone and the usb adapter to work. So im having to connect my phone to the computer via usb and then the app has to be updated because it cant connect to wifi when the phone is on the computer. The only other thing is that i cannt play the games on this device without the usb adapters. I do like the fact that it has a bluetooth receiver and the games dont use a blu-ray but this software hasnt been updated in a very long time. I'm going to give it a 3 stars because i do like it but the usb issues should have been resolved before i bought this and the software has not been updated.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product worked but the batteries that came with it would only last about two weeks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________. This product did not work at all. The "quick charge" feature worked fine. However, the device would always not work when the USB cable was plugged in. Also, it does not fit in my phone case, which is the only reason why I bought this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The battery lasted for 5 hours with no problem. It's a little hard to use in my opinion. But its worth it if you want to record music. I'm a beginner, and the price is great. If you want a good quality, you don't want to pay too much. I got mine for $39 on Amazon. The best thing about this device is the fact that it's so small and lightweight.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The phone works fine, but the charger is a little short.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this about a month ago and my first impression is that it works great, but the sound quality is not up to the standard of some other speakers. The bass is good, but is not as deep as other speakers that I have purchased. I have tried to use the speaker in a small room and in a home theater setup and both results have been disappointing. I would not recommend this speaker if your a serious audiophile.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was the worst purchase I have ever made. The packaging is so flimsy that the device will break if the cover is bent or dropped onto the floor. The unit itself was very fragile and the only reason it lasted a week was because it was in the same box with other cheap and junk items. It has a very short battery life. It was advertised as 3 hours but it lasted 3/4 of that time. If you need a smart device, don't buy this one. I have an iPad but this is a waste of money.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Joe  5  Reviewed by:from on 7/3/2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product works, but it's a pain to connect and I don't like having to unplug it. The cord is too short to be useful.  It does what it's supposed to do, but I don''t think I''ll be using this to connect my laptop to a TV, unless the cord is longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the most overpriced electronic device I have ever seen! It is an amazing product but it is an expensive one. I am very disappointed with the fact that it is hard to turn on and is very noisy. It is the worst product I have purchased from Best Buy. I will never buy this again!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product and price I bought this as an upgrade to my previous device. I really like the remote and the fact I can use it anywhere. I only wish the remote had a micro usb port to use the same remote with my laptop and iPad. Otherwise a great product  The remote control has very high quality, a little bit of weight to it but it's good for what I needed it to do.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend.    Great product, works with my TV, audio system, and PC. Very sturdy and easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit is ok, but its not great.  The buttons on the unit are very easy to press, and the buttons are easy to turn off.  However, the device is too big for my laptop.  Its big enough for my whole desk but it still requires a space to store it in.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this for my son who is about to go to college, and I have been using the unit every day since I got it. The only thing I would like is the addition of a mic input. I was using my daughter's mic with this device and I really wish there was a way to use that. So I am going to have to buy a separate mic input for my device. -------------------------- My wife bought this unit a month or so ago and she loves it. We both have a problem with the screen not showing the battery level and I've tried everything to get it to work, but nothing has worked. This unit has been the only one that has worked for her and she is now using it everyday.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to use in my studio and i LOVE IT!!!! It sounds great and it's easy to use! The only issue i have is that the plug that plugs into the back of the unit has a very small plug hole, so if you have to plug a bigger one in, it might cause a problem! I think that's a problem with the product though, not with the plug itself.  The Good  Great quality sound, great price  Good sound, very good price  a good value, for a high quality sound  Easy to use, nice sound, good value  Very happy with the sound quality and value 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You will not find a better unit in this price range. You'll be very pleased. The display is easy to read and has a nice large button that makes adjusting the volume or setting the clock an easy job. The screen is bright and looks very good. This unit can be turned off so it doesn't get used that much but you don't have to remove the battery to turn it off. I am very satisfied with my purchase. I would highly recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jimbo from Amazing unit!! I bought this as a replacement for a Dell Inspiron 5270 laptop. This laptop had the same features, but the Dell laptop had no cd drive. This one has one, and the price was much better. The touchpad is a little sensitive but it is easy for me to work with. The speakers are not as good as the Dell's, but this unit is a great size and it looks good. The only negative is that you have to buy the mouse separately. This is a very good product. The best one in this size range. 's review: Great touchpad! I am using the touchpad on my Dell Inspire laptop with the touch screen. I like the way it works, it's very responsive and the only reason I gave this a 4 instead of 5 star is because the touch pad is not as responsive as the touch pads on other systems I've owned.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to play my new PSP and the first few times I put it in my PSP, I noticed it didn't work very well. I would get the game running but the game would not play. After a few days, I decided to call Sony and get the phone number for a tech person to fix the problem. After waiting about 10 minutes, I was told that a tech guy was on his way to the store and that he would call me back. I waited again and was told the guy would call again in 10 minutes. He never called back. After about 2 more weeks, I called the store again to try and get a replacement but they told me they were sold out. Not satisfied, I contacted the company again but the tech guy had not yet been able to get a hold of the owner and he said he would have to call the store to find out why the tech was unable to fix it. This is what I got in response:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this twice in the past 2 weeks and each time the sound is muffled and the picture is a little blurry. ive had it on for a while now and i have a few problems with it, but its worth it. if you can't afford the mb3 the m2 is a cheaper alternative.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a t2t for over a year and i can say with certainty that it is an absolute piece of shit. its terrible for the price and i would highly advise anyone who isnt a tech to avoid this phone. i had to use an ethernet cable for the phone to work with my mac and this phone wont have an ether port so you cant use your usb cable to charge it. the phone has a speaker but it has no volume control so you can't make music with it and it doesn't have a micro sd card slot so you have to use the phone's usb slot to charge the phone. also the battery has a problem so you cannot use the battery to charge your phone. the only good thing about the phone is that you can get a 3g version but its not a viable option unless you want to use your mac on your mac.  by Sean on July 14, 2016 byon July 14. 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was a total disappointment.  I purchased this as a replacement for my old Samsung Galaxy S3.    The main problem I have with this is that there is no way to adjust the brightness.  The screen just goes black when the screen is not on.  I do not have any problems with my other Samsung devices.  This is a very poor product, and I will be looking for a better one. Rated 5 out of 5 by danny from Works as expected. I have a Samsung Galaxy 3 and this is the exact same thing. Just don't turn it off when you are not using it and you will have no problems. I am glad I found it on sale.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this for a little over a month and have only used it about 3 times. I really like the look and design. But the screen is too small to watch videos and the sound is too tinny. The light sensor is also not accurate enough to use in low light.   The only good thing I can say about the camera is that it has a good zoom feature that will get you in the right spot in your photos. But for video, it is pretty useless. The pictures are not bad but are a little grainy and low resolution. I will not be using this to make videos.   in all it's a pretty good little camera, but the pictures will have to do. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first one I got was a broken. I contacted the support and they replaced it within a few days. The second one is great. The display is very good and it's pretty quiet. I'm happy to have this device. I wish the battery would last longer. It's only got about 6 hours on a charge. I really wish there was a way to charge it faster than that. Also, I'm a little annoyed with the price tag. I mean, it's a $250 unit but it's so much better than the others I've used! I just wish the charging rate was faster. The other issue is that it's just a bit smaller than I expected, but that's because I thought it was going to be a bit bigger. Overall, I love this device! It's great for the price!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My Samsung S6 Edge had this problem a couple weeks ago. After a week of not getting the screen to turn on, I decided to take it back to the store and was told that they were no longer fixing this problem. I bought a new phone and it's still not working for me. I had a Samsung S7 Edge, so I don't know if that's a different problem. My wife is going to the Apple store this weekend to get a new one. It seems to be a pretty bad design flaw. I've read many positive reviews about this screen so I hope it will get fixed, but I'd like to hear from anyone who has had this screen before.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The speaker is terrible. I bought this as a replacement for my iPod because I don't have a digital device. The first few days it worked perfectly but the sound quality is so bad. It's impossible to play music. It also doesn't work with my computer or the tv. This is not a good product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this to replace my old one, which I had for 4 years.  It does the job, but the buttons are tiny and the buttons themselves are very soft.    I bought this as a gift, and the only reason I'm writing this review is because it looks like a piece of crap.  I was very happy to find this product at WalMart.  I'm a huge fan of Apple products, so I was excited to finally see a device that was a true Apple clone.  This one is not.  It has the same buttons and features, but it doesn't feel the same.  My old Apple mouse, on the other hand, feels like a part of my hand and I love it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "They're a dime a dozen, but this one does the job for the money."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this as a gift for my wife as she loves it. When I opened it she looked at it and said, "This looks like the most expensive iPod ever made". After a little research, I decided that I wanted the 32gb model. I was wrong, this is NOT a great product. The touch screen is a bit slippery and the battery life is horrible. I've tried charging it with the battery case, the original charger, and the Apple charger but the battery does not charge properly and the audio quality is horrible, at least the sound is good in the video clips I've played on it but I think the sound quality is very bad. I would not recommend this product to anyone.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was so excited about my first iPad. I bought it on Black Friday for a few bucks. I immediately realized that it had a bad screen. I called the store that sold it to make sure that I had the wrong one. The person I talked to said he could replace it for me. I did not buy it for that reason. The problem was that it was the wrong size. The right side of the tablet is much smaller than the left. The top is a little wider than the bottom, and the sides are a bit smaller than they should be. I had to take the case off to get at the screen. It's definitely not a big deal, but I don't think I'll buy another one of these in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the iphone iphones for 2 years. I use it all the time.  It has great battery life.    I have the new iphoner, but I would still recommend the iPhone iphon.  I would give this a 4 star because I have had a couple problems with the ics, but the icloud iphonest is not a good product and not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is the worst thing to ever happen to me and I have bought several electronic products. The battery lasts about 1 hour at full power. I bought this device because it was advertised as a power bank. It is not. It's a power inverter. I have had to have my car serviced twice because the battery will not charge when the ignition is on and the batteries that were supposed to be there, were not. The problem is that the battery does not last very long at full charge. The charger I bought only charges the battery for about an hour and a half. I cannot recommend this product to anyone because it does not function as advertised.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i wish my laptop had a touch screen and a battery with a detachable battery. the battery is not removable, but the battery can be replaced for a small fee. i also wish the laptop had bluetooth. i'm a big fan of iDevices, but this product is a waste of money. it's a joke.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 21, 2012  I don't think so  by A Customer from St. Petersburg FL USA  Pros: cheap, works  Cons: none  Review: The screen is tiny, but works very well. , from a customer who didn't give it a rating  The Best  By A Customer who doesn't like iDevice products  A. K., USA .    The best. I used it as my main computer for 3 months and no problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I have found that I can be happy in spite of my problems, and that the problems are really the problems." -Richard Giszler
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my new psu for 3 months now and its not as good as the one i had before it stopped working, but i did use a different cable to connect the battery. it still doesn't work and i cant fix it. the psu is too big and the buttons on it are very small and hard to use. i have to hold down the power button for 3 seconds and it says that the power is on but nothing happens. i dont know if there is a problem with the battery or with the device. its a little over priced and i think its worth at least trying it out first. ive been using my psu a lot lately.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Dave from I purchased this item in September and it is already showing signs of failure. It is... I purchased the P3-300 in August, and it was great. After I upgraded to a P3+ last month, I found that the battery on my old one was dying. I was hoping that a new one would fix it, but it hasn't. It also has a bad smell to it and the power light is not bright at all. It seems to me that this thing is going to get junked sooner rather than later. I bought a new battery to replace the one that died on me and it will cost me a fortune, so I guess I am out of luck on a new unit. I guess its not worth it if you already paid for a brand new unit in the first place.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was looking for a good computer for my family. I have tried a lot of different brands and models. I went with this one because it was well-priced and I thought the screen would be a lot nicer than most. I'm so glad I went for it. It's nice to have a computer in the house. But it's just too slow. My kids are really annoyed. The computer doesn't even boot up on the first try. It takes at least two tries to get the computer to load. The other kids in the neighborhood also complain about it. I would never recommend this to anyone, unless you're a kid or you're okay with your kids being a little slow.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a backup to my laptop and I have to say I am not impressed. The screen is very small (the resolution is just 800x480) and it's a pain to use. The audio quality is just as bad as the display. The speakers are just okay and the volume is just too high. The power adapter is so noisy and is difficult to use even with the AC adapter on. I wish I had bought the laptop battery instead.   This device will not give you a quality experience.   the one positive i can say about this device is the size and weight. I am very satisfied with the build quality and the portability.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The problem is that there is no power. I've been using it for two weeks now and it is dead on about a third of the times. My son and I have had it for a couple of weeks and I can only compare it to a cellphone and a fax machine.   I wish I could get this fixed for less than the price I paid for it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The original iPod touch did not have a dock connector. It had a standard iPod connector with a small connector on the end. I bought the dock connector to connect my computer to my iPod and use it as a computer/TV/MP3 player. The port was not the same as the connector on my original iPod. I had to use the original iPod connector, which has a much longer wire than the dock port connector. This resulted in me having to go through the process of connecting my iPod to my computer and then the iPod connector. I would not recommend this item to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this device for two years, but it's time for an upgrade. I love the fact that you can set a timer to go off at the right time, but I wish the timer would be more accurate and it would have been easier to set the time. I also wish the volume would be a little louder, but overall, this is a great gadget and the price is right! The best thing about the alarm clock is that it's really simple and you don't have to do anything. The only problem I have is that the alarm is a little too loud for my bedroom.  Also, I wish that the buttons on the clock would be larger.   This alarm clock makes me want to sleep in my room more often. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is the worst i have ever used in my life, i have tried at least 10 other similar products, this one is the best i have found, but if you want a really good unit, go for the T-1000 which is a much better product.   It does what it says it will do. By: John M. Product: Peter Stokkebye Bullseye Flake Bulk I am a beginner pipe smoker, and have not yet had the opportunity to try any of the other blends Peter Stokerbye makes. So I am very pleased to find Bullseyed Flake here. It's a good, no-nonsense blend. I'm a huge fan of flakes and this is one of my favorites. I think this is a very easy smoke and does not require a lot of attention, but there's still a lot going on in this blend. It tastes like a nice sweet smoke, and burns cool and dry. The tin note is very pleasant and the cut is pretty uniform in size. I recommend this blend to anyone looking for a smooth, easy smoking tobacco. I will definitely be ordering more.  Good Smoke By: James R. Product information: It is my go to tobacco. It burns nice and cool. , and a very good aromatic. This is the first tobacco I have tried from Peter Stokes, and I am quite impressed. It has a very rich taste and a nice room note. I am going to order a lot more. I really enjoy this tobacco. 's a bit milder than i like, but still quite nice. it's a little sweeter than i am used to, but it's still not a sweet, heavy blend. i really enjoy it.'s a good smoke all the way through. i do wish it had a bit more body and more flavor.  is a nice smooth smoke with a nice smell, no bite and smokes all the same. it burns very evenly and cool with a good flavor. it can be a bit on the wet side but that is normal with aromatic tobaccos. I like this one very much. .    My 2nd favorite. By Rob L. Product info: I bought this from a local smoke shop as an introduction to pipe smoking and I'm glad I did. My first impression was "Wow, this stuff is good! I'll be buying more!". It's got a wonderful room note and the taste is good as well. It
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a terrible product. This is the first time I have used this product and I am very disappointed in the results.   It works but it is very slow and does not have any support for the touch pad on the left side of the computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this mouse for a couple of years now and it isnt worth the money. It just doesnt work well at all. I bought this mouse because of the reviews that said it was a high quality mouse. When i first got it it worked great but after a couple weeks it was just as bad as the last one. i bought this because i wanted something good. i just cant get the same level of quality that i get with my other mice. i think i will just use the old one and give the new one a miss.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst keyboard on the market! The keyboard is cheap plastic, with very little keys. I don't care for this at all. My previous keyboard, which was an old Dell computer, had a much better keyboard. I tried it for a few days before I decided to switch over to the Apple keyboard. This is a great computer for the price but the keyboard is just too cheap to be worth the money.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Nice keyboard for the money This is my first Mac. I bought this keyboard to replace a cheap keyboard I had. I found the keyboard nice and the keys easy to press. I am currently on the second iteration of this keyboard and have no complaints. The only complaint I have is that the backlight is very dim. I purchased this because I don\'t use it all that much. I just like it for my office.  "Amazing keyboard with all the features you want" - John C. It is nice to have a keyboard that doesn't have a dedicated function key. This keyboard has all the functions I want in one keyboard. The key caps are very nice and easy to type on. I love that you can set the Macros to a custom function on your key caps. I have the blue one with the blue keys and I like it so much I bought the pink one. This one has a nice red accent that is great for work. The blue one does not have a nice accent, and I don�t know if it is the same on all the keys or not. The power button is on the back of the keyboard and not on the top, so I have to use my pink power button. It doesn't matter how many times I use it or how often I plug it in, the button will be in the same place. The USB ports on this keyboard are very easy to use. It has a USB pass through and the port is easy to access and I can plug it into my computer without having to remove the battery. The keyboard has a built in battery that you plug into the computer and the keyboard charges automatically when it is plugged into the USB port. The back light is nice and bright and the lighting mode works perfectly with my office lights. It does not affect my work but I like that it has a back light. This product has everything you could want in a keyboard and nothing you don't. This Mac keyboard is the best buy I have ever made. A good
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got the G-Power 2 in white and it is not bright. When you turn the brightness all the way down it is still a bright, but not as bright as the Samsung Galaxy S7. The sound is good and it has decent battery life. I wish the charger had a different color, but the battery life is pretty good for the device.  My favorite phone:    I like the way the display looks, and I also like the size and battery life, but I wish it came in a different colors. The color of the phone looks very orange when I am viewing it in the sunlight and that is not good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this one is really bad, and even the sound is horrible.  I tried to use the speakers for some music, but they just played all kinds of noise.    I don't recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product and was really excited to get it. However, the problem with this device is that the sound quality is terrible. It does not come out well. I had to take the sound out of the speaker so I could get to the other side of the screen. If the sound was good in the first place it would be worth the price. Overall, I would buy this again but I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was excited to get this device, but was disappointed to find that the touchpad is not backlit.  It was very easy to get a good night's sleep after this. __________________________________________________________ Posted by  Michael at 5:01 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ After having owned a Macbook Pro for two years, I decided to buy an iPad Pro. I had an old iBook with a 3rd gen Retina display, but I wanted a larger screen for my MacBook. ------------ My experience with the iPad Pro is terrible. ------------- My first impression was that it's not the same size as my old Macbook. -------------- I purchased the tablet because I was using my Macbook to do word processing and a bunch of reading. -------------------------- I don't like the touch screen at all. ------------------ I was disappointed with the purchase of the tablet. --------------- I don' like the way it works. ----- The price of the iPad is way to high. --------- I am using this to do research for my graduate studies, and I have to use the laptop every day to do it. *********************** I have been using my iPad Pro for about a month, and so far I'm not satisfied with it. It is just a big piece of paper that does nothing. I really don't think it's worth the money. ***************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as an external hard drive for my laptop, but it just doesn't work. I plugged it into my computer and I got a blank screen, so I then tried to run a program but got nothing. I ended up having to return it and I would definitely not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The sound is great and the picture is great. However the buttons on the remote control are not very easy to use. The remote controls are supposed to be able to be changed with different buttons. It was very hard to figure out how to use them and even harder to find the right button. I can't imagine using this remote for anything other than watching a movie and this was not the case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for almost a year and it is one of the worst phones ive ever owned. It has been broken at least 3 times already and its a major pain to replace a bad phone with this one. i can't recommend this phone at all.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Poor Design and Quality of Product This phone has a lot of features and is a decent smartphone, but I can't use it for anything because it constantly disconnects and I have to buy a new one every 2-3 months. I purchased the phone in January and had no problems, but then the next month it wouldn't connect to my wifi at all, and now the same thing has happened again. The phone is now in the trash. :)  No more iPhone  Rating:  Posted by Chris from Indiana. United States
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a while and it's the worst thing ever. its like a computer in your pocket and its terrible. i have to hold it on a table to charge. the screen is awful. it gets very bright and bright when it gets warm. if you have this phone you should just get another one. its not worth it. i wish they would just make a better phone with more screen and less battery.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 27, 2010  excellent product  by Robert from Santa Clara CA USA  Pros: The device is very easy to use and the screen works perfectly. ,  Cons: none.  the product is excellent and the battery life is excellent  Review: I have this in the back of my Jeep and am very happy with the battery that is provided. It is the first one that I have had and it has worked perfectly. I am using the battery and charger that came with it and the charger is also working perfectly. It charges quickly and is very light. 'supply' is an excellent name for such a great product. I bought one to use as a backup to my iphone and it is working great as a companion. I will never go back to my iPhone and will recommend this to my friends.  to all the people complaining about the quality and price of these batteries I would just say that this is what a new device should look like at a low price. I like this because I am going to be using it more than I was going to use my iPod. I don't see the need to go back  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: wamper
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a brand new Apple iPhone 6s in April 2016. It worked for the first month or so but stopped working at the same time my phone battery died. This phone is still not working after 8 months of use. I contacted Apple and they have not provided any assistance to my problem. It seems that Apple doesn't want me to be able to buy an iPhone that's actually working. The other major issue is that the device can be damaged if it falls on hard surfaces such as a table or a concrete floor. The iPhone is not water resistant but the design is. The design is also very fragile.   There are other issues. The battery is only good for about an hour before it needs a recharge. I tried to charge it with the included charger but the battery was too low. I ended up buying a 2nd hand phone charger from a local store and this lasted almost an hour and a half before the battery died and I had to buy a new battery. I have also experienced the screen burning up from time to time. The screen can go from black screen to full screen in a blink of an eye. This is a problem that I have experienced with other phones and it has been fixed by having the screen on when the phone is charging. The camera also suffers from a few glitches. The flash on the camera is too powerful. The only good thing about this phone is the battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the iPhone 4 because I liked the idea of being able to take pictures and videos, but found that the app that came with it (iCamerator) didn't really work. It only captured one picture and I had to use my iPhone's camera to take a second picture to be able to upload the picture. So I ended up having to go out and buy the iMovie app (which was free). I still use it occasionally, but iCameration is still a better option.    If you need a phone with a good camera:  There are some good cameras in the iPhone lineup that you can use for the purpose that you're looking to do. For me, I mainly use my phone as a photo camera. I use the iPhone camera app for the exact purpose that I use my camera.  It takes great pictures, is easy to use, and has tons of functionality that you don't get on the iPhone. The biggest reason why I don't use my iphone for photos is because of the size. The iPhone 4's camera is pretty good for a camera, but it's just not big enough for me. If you need the size and the capabilities of an iphona, then you should go with a iphon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the first time I connected the keyboard to my laptop with this keyboard I had a problem. The first time, I got the keyboard working but the touch pad would not respond to my mouse. The second time, the touchpad worked and I'm not sure why the first time was a problem but the second time was not. It would not be a problem if I bought another one of these for my laptop but I bought a used keyboard and a mouse that are less expensive than this one. The only other complaint I have is that this is not the full size keyboard. It's smaller and lighter than a standard size keyboard so it can be used in smaller spaces. The only problem I have with it is that it's so much smaller than my regular desktop keyboard that the keycaps are harder to use. The rest of the keyboard is great. It is very quiet and doesn't make any sound when typing. I don't use this for gaming or anything like that but if I need a cheap keyboard I'm happy with this one for it's size and sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Not a good experience, especially if you want a good camera or a camera phone.   I wanted a DSLR but after reading reviews about the quality of the camera I found that I was better off buying the Nikon Coolpix S3 (very similar to the CoolpIX-S2 but slightly cheaper).  The camera is OK, not great, but the image quality is acceptable and it has a good low light mode.   I have a few images of the Sony, I think the Sony is better, it has better image quality.  , the quality is ok, but for the price I'm glad I didn't buy the Nikon, I was disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this device for over a year now and the battery is getting pretty weak. i tried to upgrade to a new one for around $50 but i couldnt. i still have about a quarter of the battery left. i'm sure the new one will be great but this one has been useless.  i have owned this for over one year now, the battery has failed in 3-4 months of regular use. i was using it to connect my laptop to my TV. the first two months, it worked perfectly. but now it seems to be charging slowly and its not charging at all. it doesnt even work. , but it is supposed to charge a bit faster than that. i hope its not a problem with the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the first model for a party and the sound was terrible. It was too bright and too loud. I tried to return it and they sent me a new one for free and I am happy to say it is very good. It is nice to have some other options for sound.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The Apple IIgs was my first computer and it was a huge mistake"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! (Posted on 8/5/2016)  Excellent Purchase and service Review by Chris Purchased this for my first airsoft. It is very solid and durable. It can take some abuse but is still very reliable and has very good range. It also has a very high quality look and feel. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a reliable airsoft gun. (Posted and reviewed on 8-24/2015)  and it's still going strong... Review by JG (Posted 6/16/2015 )  Fantastic purchase. Review by Ferg (Posted 4/19/2015 at 10:57 PM)  (Posted 1/12/2015, updated on 9/1/2015 with an update on quality control issues with the product) . I bought this a couple months ago and was very satisfied with it. I had to send it back due to a faulty trigger assembly. I have had it now for about a week and have had no problems. It feels very solid, the battery compartment and the stock are very durable. I also have the tactical version of this gun, which I like better because it is easier to conceal. I highly recommend this product. (reviewed on 10/30/2014) : I have purchased two of these. I first got the AEG but was very disappointed. After my first unit I sent it back. I contacted e-waste and got a replacement. I was not able to get it right the first time. The next time I sent the unit back to them and got the trigger unit that is now my main gun. I love this gun and would recommend it to anyone. I feel it is a very good gun and definitely worth the price! (reviewed in January 2014)  is the best airsoft i have had yet Review by kyokuto This is by far the best Ive had from e-Waste. It has everything i wanted from a airsoft AEG. Ive bought one and a half dozen since purchasing my first one a couple of months ago. It takes my Airsoft a bit to get used to it but once i get used it is awesome. Its very solid like the other e-sos i have. (review posted 7/29/2014 and updated 5/7/2014 with an updated review) The BEST airsoft pistol I've ever owned. Reviewby Mr. D. (Reviewed on 3/15/2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was so excited when I received this device. I love to listen to music on my ipod and my mp3 player but my iPod battery was dying. The music stopped, the screen went off, and I couldn't get it to charge. I took a chance and purchased the ipod adapter. It works great. Now I can listen to my music all the time. I'm very satisfied with this purchase. I will be purchasing a lot of these in the future.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a couple weeks now and i have to say its not worth the money for the features. i bought it because it was a good price but it has the same issues as most of the other phones out there: bad battery life, bad camera, weak and heavy. i was just thinking of upgrading to the newer version of this but after using it for about a week its time to move on. i have a lot more use for my android phones and its not as fast as my g3.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love the fact that I can use my iPhone to look at my bank accounts and other important documents. However, the iPhone is very finicky. The screen goes black after a few minutes of being in the pocket, and there are some software bugs that make it difficult to use.    Rating: 5 / 10  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i've had this device for a little over 2 years now and it's not even worth it. i've bought a couple of the other gizmos but they were just as unreliable. this is the same as the iphone 6 and 6 plus. the software is the worst of all the gizmoes i've used. and the battery life is terrible. the battery will die within the first hour of use and the wifi sucks. i have to put the phone in airplane mode every single day. and all this for only $20? it's a ripoff!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 21, 2017  Good product  by Robert from Fort Wayne IN USA  Review: It works as advertised. I have a small family and we love it. The battery life seems to be around 2 days. I do recommend this product to those who are on the fence about it.  Pros: Simple and easy to use.  I bought 2 and one is dead already. The other is going in the closet as a spare.  and it comes with a charger to use for a day or two  Cons: none.  in my opinion a very good product. I would recommend this to everyone.  the only thing I wish they had was a charging dock to charge the phone off of the wall  I bought the one that is dead now  Be careful with the 5-in-1 adapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an old Dell laptop. I purchased this from another site for $400. The monitor has been very good. It is great for watching movies and I like the fact that it has an IPS display. However, I have had several problems with the monitor. The only two things I can say that I am happy with are the size and the brightness of the display. I have no issues with the brightness. However the monitor is a little smaller than I would like. I wish the monitor had a back light that would help a little when watching in a dark room. The other issue I have is with the built in speakers. They sound very poor. It sounds like a cheap monitor is playing off of a cheap laptop speakers. My other issue is that the computer's warranty is only 10 years. I would prefer to have the warranty be more long lasting and not expire so quickly. I know it may not be the best monitor, but it is not bad and for the money I think it is worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was very happy with the quality of this product. I am a mechanical engineer and love to tinker and this works great. I was able to easily connect to a power strip and was able tinker with a couple things. I bought the kit and used it on my wife's computer and I had a lot of fun. I think the price was right and I'm going to purchase a kit for my daughter to have some fun too. I highly recommend it and I am sure other people will as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have this iphone 4 plus and it has been my most used phone for a long time. It does the job well, but it is very old and slow to respond.   It takes a long while to receive a call and the other issues I mentioned are also true.  I would not recommend this phone to a friend.  Rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this  is the worst device I have ever used.  The sound quality is bad, the buttons are mushy and the screen is very blurry.  Posted by Rob in Electronics at 4:24 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the first I ever bought. I bought it on a whim and when I opened it I was a bit shocked to see that the box was a complete joke. The unit is very fragile and it took two trips to the store before they got it to work. The audio was not that great and the buttons are not easy to press. My only good point about this unit is that it does play back an mp3 on it when I turn it on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my first time using the S3. The device is nice and light but the cable is very annoying. When the cable comes out you have to twist it around and it takes a lot of effort. The battery life is about the same as the S2. Overall this is a very nice phone. The S3 is not as easy to use as the LG V10 or Samsung Galaxy S6 but if you are looking for a good smartphone you can't go wrong with this one.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________   This device is useless. It doesn't make any sound, it is just a light. The screen is very small, and when I turned it on it only gave me the time and date. I am going to return it and find something better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the E-M10 and was not very impressed. The build quality is great, and the build quality of the camera is fantastic. The camera has very good features. I have used the camera for many years now and it never fails me. It is simple and easy to use. The only thing that would make me return it would be a screen that has a backlight. I am not very pleased with the sound quality. I bought it for it's good looks, and I was disappointed with it's sound quality at all.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Value, Fast Delivery The E-MO3 is a compact, light weight and easy-to-use point and shoot that is very compact and light. It has great image quality with good low light performance. The built in screen is very nice. I highly recommend the EMO3 as a point and shoots.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it took a long time to get this unit. I received the product on the 27th of November and the unit arrived on the 30th. It is a good unit but I wish the shipping had been quicker. The only other negative is that there are no batteries. I don't like that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first day of my order I got an email from B&H stating that my order had been cancelled. I did not read the email before placing my order because I was just going to buy a new monitor anyway and had already ordered the monitor I wanted. This is not the first time I've received a cancellation email from Amazon either. I would not purchase from this seller again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the samsung galaxy s3 for over a year and have used this phone for over 5 years. i bought this phone because i wanted to be able to go on my computer and use my iphone, but after buying this phone it is so much more than that. the camera is a great upgrade from my ics. the screen is great. the speed of the phone is so fast. the battery life is great! its fast. so if your a power user, the s3 is for you. but if your an average person that uses a phone for phone calls, texting, emailing and web surfing, this phone is not for you and will be replaced by an iph one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a huge fan of this device. I have the iHome 6500 which i bought at a very good price. I had to upgrade to the i6500. This is my 2nd iHome device and i like them. I was a little disappointed in the performance of this one. The iHome software is very good and they are very nice. However, the i7 is no match for the i5. My first battery was about 5 hours and the second one lasted me 3 hours. I am sure there is a difference in the i4 and i5, but not enough to warrant the extra $60 for the upgraded unit. The battery life on this unit is pretty good but not as good as my other units. The speakers on the i8 are much better. They sound much more clear and not as muffled. It's definitely worth the money but the i9 and i8 seem a little more powerful. I hope they improve the sound quality on the upgraded units. I'm still looking forward to the new model i5 and i7 as well as the i3. I like the ability to have the extra memory.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this device in exchange for an iPad 2.  The unit works great with my iPad but the charging cord is short and doesn't fit my iPad perfectly.    The cable is very stiff and doesn,t fit nicely.  No other reviews for this device at the moment.  My device was sent to me by the vendor and i am happy with the device but   the charger cord is a little short for my need,   this is my second e-book reader but first   i have used a   lot of   different   brands   of 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone 4s for a few days now, and i can say that i love it. It's a very good phone, very solid. i bought it to replace my ivepad mini 4 which was a bit of a let down. i do love the phone but the iphones are a bit flimsy. i had to do a bit more research into the insides to make sure i got what i was looking for. i was able to find a good deal on the s3. i would say that it's definitely worth the money, but i also think you get what you pay for. ive only had it a week, but im already getting used to the buttons. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to use as a music player. It's very good and I can't get over how much it costs. I have to say that if you want something that plays music you will definitely get this. If you don't have a lot of money to spend on a portable music player I don't know what you're waiting for.  Did you find this helpful? 8 of 8 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Shane G.  andrew  5  Reviewed by:from Ohio. on 1/26/2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it is really really bad!  It takes 2 batteries, it takes a long time to charge, and it only works with one usb port.  And there is no remote!  What do you think?  This is a great product at a great price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I bought this product, I was told it would work with the new tv but I couldn't get it to work. When I returned it, they told me that I needed to have my tv on when I plugged in the item to see if it worked. I bought a new tv. I can't find it in the store. If I could return this item, I would!  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this for a friend, who has a Macbook Pro and I had heard so much good about this. The only bad thing about this is the poor quality. The display has a very low brightness and it has a tendency to flicker. I have to keep turning the brightness up on the laptop to make it look good. Also, the battery lasts only a day or so. It would be nice if it came with a USB to USB adaptor for the keyboard, but I'm sure there's a cheaper way to fix that. I think I would buy a more expensive one for the same money.  Good, but not great: I bought a Dell laptop with this as my only computer. The machine is very good. It's fast and it's really quiet. It has a lot of storage and it was easy to set up. I just wish it came up with a version of Windows that had more of the features. I wish I could have gotten a better version of OS X and an Apple USB key. I have two of these and one is broken. I replaced it with an HP XPS 10 which is a much better computer. I still can't figure out how it works. I don't know if this is a software or hardware problem. I tried a few times to get it to work. I even tried to reset the keyboard but it just kept going off. I also tried to open a file and it wouldn't open.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these things that are ok but for a cheap device they are not great! i got a replacement for my old one but that wasnt a good buy. i can only imagine what a big deal it was for me to have to go to the store. this one works ok, but the screen does not have a touch screen and the audio is crap, also i have a samsung device and it works much better. this is a good inexpensive phone but the price has to be higher.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent! I have owned a Samsung Galaxy S3 for two years. I use this phone almost every day and it has never let me down. The only thing is the lack of a stylus is a little annoying. The software is easy to use and the camera is really good. I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a great smartphone. , and the fact that there is no headphone jack is a bummer, but that's a personal thing. I've also tried the Nexus 5 and it's a much better phone for the price. I'm going to buy another one when the price drops.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using my new iMac for a couple of days. The computer is fast, but the video on the screen is horrible. The picture is a very small part of the picture. It was even more annoying when the music stopped playing and the computer was stuck on the "Start" screen.   It's really annoying. It's just one thing after another. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm sure there are better ways to spend my money. But this was a good deal on a very expensive device. I would never use this for gaming and video watching and I have no idea why the battery lasted so long. I'm sure it could last longer if it was just wired, but I can't imagine someone spending $50 on this and getting an hour of battery life. I had to use a powerbank for a while, but that wasn't so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This item did not work well with the TV i got. i could barely make out the image on the screen. The buttons on the remote are too small and the remote does not have any volume control on it. The TV was very poor in quality and it only took 3 hours to fix the problem with the remote. I think I'll keep my old one and the cheap one i got and keep using my old remote.  Rated 1 out of 5 by T.O. from Poor quality. It is a very basic device. I am not satisfied with the quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad product. This is my first electronic device and I have to say I'm very disappointed with this one. First, the charger is not removable and the batteries are small and not as durable as the others I've owned. The batteries are not rechargeable and they get very hot to the touch. I've read about a lot of bad things about this product and if I had any expectations for this product, I think I was let down. I also received a defective charger and it doesn't fit the charger included with the device. I'll keep looking for another one, but I don't think I'll ever buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first electronic device that is so bad that it was worth the wait to get one. The unit itself is great and I'm still using it and it still works perfectly. The only problem is that the power switch that is supposed to be on the back of the unit is actually on the side of the device. This means that you have to get an adapter to get the unit plugged into a wall socket. It would be nice if the switch were on the top of the switch as well, as this would make it a lot easier to use.  I really liked the product but the switch needs to be flipped!   This is a great product for the price but I feel that the switch should be flipped from the front of the product. I'm also not sure why the switch is on the front but the one on the other side is on a little more flush with the body. This is an item that I will be returning as it is a waste of money to spend $60 for this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "When you think of a PC, think of an iPad"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** The sound quality is great. The batteries are great and they have a great battery life. But, the battery life is only good if you do the workout everyday. I have to use the headphones once or twice a day. So, I can't recommend this product for someone who doesn't do their workout everyday and has to buy the batteries every 2-3 weeks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this device to listen to music in bed, but I'm now wondering why I would buy another. The sound quality is terrible. The bass is very low, and the treble is very harsh. I'm very disappointed. I hope it gets fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 days and it's still working but the sound quality is terrible and it is very loud. ive tried using a pair of headphones and the phone just blows the headphones out of the water. i can only imagine the sound will be even worse if you buy a headset.  I really wanted to love this thing. I got it because it was on sale at my local store. The sound is decent, the volume and sound are great. The only problem is that it's a tiny bit hard to set up. It was hard to use on my old LG G3 as well. Also, the phone does not have the same battery life as the G3 (even though it is the same size). I am very happy with the purchase and will buy from this store again. I do think it would have been better with the battery life and better volume but I think you get what you pay for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used this product for about a month and a half and I have not been impressed. I was so excited to get this because I thought it would be a great tool to use with my old computer. I have never used a laser printer before and thought this would be the best thing ever. I read all the reviews before purchasing and thought it was a great idea. It arrived on time but the print came out in a bit of a mess. I had to spend an hour and a bit to clean it and it still came out with smudges all over it. I don't want to pay $20 for a laser but I am a bit disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several of these but they always seem to have some sort of problem with them. i bought one for my son that is a big fan of Nintendo and i cant find the original one that it came with. the original has no problem running. this one has a bad chip that seems to make a lot of noise. if i could change it back i would but i dont think i would want to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year now and ive never had any problems at all, i just like the way the keyboard looks. The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because it isnt very loud. Other than that, great keyboard.  Good for work: ------------ The keys on this keyboard are really nice, but the keycaps on this device have a very small tactile bump to them. If you're working on a laptop, this is not going to be for you. If your going to use this on a desktop or laptop, you might as well just get a dedicated keyboard. This is a good device for work though.  in a nutshell: ------------- Pros: - good key feel - small and quiet - nice key colors Cons: - no backlight - no number pad - not as good as my old Thinkpad keyboard (but much better than a standard laptop keyboard)  Review by: Michael I really like the keyboard on this unit. It is quiet and it has a good key look. I have the Thinkpad version which has the backlight but I find the keys on the Microsoft keyboard to be a bit mushy and mushy keys are really hard to type on. The Microsoft keyboard is better than the Lenovo one.  The keyboard on my Thinkpad was not bad, but it was not as nice as this one. This one is good. The keys feel good and it looks nice. I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was going to purchase this as a backup unit to my iMac but decided to give this a go after finding out that the sound quality was better on this unit. It does have a very tinny sound which can get annoying at times, but the volume and clarity is better than the iMac. I wish the included mic was on the back of the unit so that I could use it for recording podcasts, but it is on the front which is a nice touch. My only complaint is that it's pretty expensive for what it is. I wouldn't mind if it was a little cheaper but for the price you can't really expect much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the light switch was on for years, but I finally fixed the issue with a soldering iron.  I'm not going to buy another brand, but if you can find one that works this well for the price, it's a great device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this a few weeks ago to use in my studio as a monitor and it's a very good one. It's not a high end model but it's good enough for my needs. I've used it on a few different turntables, and I've never had any problems with it. The only thing that I didn't like is the fact that there's only one USB cable, which means that if I'm using the same one on all my equipment, I have to buy a USB to micro USB adapter to connect it all up. I wish they made a longer one, or at least a second one with a 2.1mm jack. The built-in DAC is pretty good as well, and the sound quality is good enough. For the price though, it's pretty much a no-brainer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********The ******** was a bit of a joke when i first got it and it's a great way to save some cash. The ******** is not very bright. The brightness is ok and it is easy to use. However the buttons and the control panel on the ******** are very stiff and difficult to use at first. I would not recommend this product for anyone who wants to save a few dollars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  I bought this product for a child with autism. I bought it because of the reviews but i was wrong. I was very disappointed because I had been wanting to purchase this product since it first came out. I tried it out for about 2 weeks and after that I felt like it was not worth it. I have a lot of problems with the remote and it was very difficult to use and did not work for me at all. The remote does not have a volume button so you have to use a screw driver to change the volume. The only reason i gave it a 4 is because of how good the product is, it is a great purchase!  Have had this for 2 years and I'm still waiting for it to break. So far I have broken this device 3 times with the same exact problem. The first time I broke the remote with my fingernail but now the device has broken 3 times.  This device works great, I have my child's music all set up. I like the volume settings. The kids love it. However, the remote is very difficult, and I can't use it for playing music. I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It worked as advertised, except for one thing:   My device has no way to make or receive phone calls.   That's a really stupid limitation to have when the phone number I needed was in the manual.   I don't need a mobile phone. I don and don't want one. I have a lot of contacts with people who are not home. I can't get a signal on my radio, so I have to call the cell phone and then the land line, and then I have trouble making a call.  ...   I would give it a 5 if it had a way to dial in a phone number, but that would require the phone to be plugged into a power source.   The way I figured it, the radio had been in a drawer somewhere for a couple of years, and when I got it back I realized it wasn't plugged into the wall.   a 5   So I bought the EZ-link, and now I can dial in any number.   (No, I'm not kidding. It does work. It works perfectly.)  I bought a different phone because I have my cell phone (I am retired, so can't be bothered to go to a phone bank) and the cell company doesn't allow you to have two cell phones at the same time. So I had to get a new phone, and since I had no plan, I bought a new cell phone from Walmart (the best service you can get). So now I am in my old cell phone's place.  In addition to the cell phones, I have an old land line phone, so there is a phone on the house, too.  the device works perfectly. I did the installation, and my old phone was a lemon, and was not compatible with the new device. I also did not want to replace the battery because I was worried that it was going to fail or something. .. the battery is a little weak, but I will get a stronger one for the next one.     Overall, I am happy with the device. It is a very good device. The only thing that I would like is to have the device able to dial out for the other lines. I guess I would have to buy a second EZLink to have that capability. I do not have a problem with the unit itself.   of course, this is a 5 star review for the price, but the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a macbook pro for 5 years. i used it with a usb 2.0 drive for the last 4 years and it always failed on me. last year i bought a refurbished macbook. it had a defect in the optical drive. the computer froze for 2 weeks. the refurbished machine did not. this year i went to buy another refurbished computer and the man at the store said the computer was brand new. i asked him to verify that and he said the serial number was new. he couldnt find it and when i showed him the receipt he said i didnt pay the correct amount and the computer is defective. i dont know if that computer was refurbished. i would not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this item to replace a broken iPod, but the sound quality was horrible. I'm not sure if I bought a defective item or just bad quality. I have an iPod nano, and this one was much worse. It was difficult to use with my hands, and the sound was horrible (even with headphones).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 6 months now and its been the most annoying thing in my life ever since i bought it. the device itself is pretty nice, however the software is completely unusable. every time i open it, i get a pop-up window that gives me options like turn on wifi, turn on bluetooth, change settings, connect to wifi, connect, etc. the settings are just useless. it also tries to ask me for my password everytime i try to open it and i keep getting an error. i have tried every other method i can think of to get it working except for going into the settings and resetting the settings. i just want to be able to use this device as it should be used and not as a piece of shit that tries to take advantage of everyone who buys it. i know i sound like a broken record but this device is so much more than just a usb hub that does nothing. it was just a fun little accessory for my laptop that i never expected it to be.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I purchased this to replace an older, but much better quality product I have. This new model has the same issues as the first model. The sound is just not that good and it is very hard to get into the correct position. It takes a long time to set it up and get it to work right. This is a product for people who have older and worse products, not people who want a better product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit works fine. I bought this unit a few years ago and it worked just fine. But I bought the iPad 2 so that I could carry my iPhone with me. I just use my iPhone to listen to music and I'm very happy with it. It also has Bluetooth which is very nice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the kenwood k-50 for over a year now. it does not last, and its cheap! it is not worth the money. i am currently looking at alternatives.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is junk. It works ok, but if you're going to use it, you should have a good quality case for it.   I bought a different model with a different battery and was so disappointed. I'm returning it. I tried to send it back, but the seller refused.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first Apple iphone was a little flimsy but i like it more since it is easy to upgrade the firmware.  It was a very fast upgrade from 4.3 to iphones 6.1 which made it a great phone.  Read the full review:    The first thing that I noticed about the X5 is the weight.   I had a Droid X and a Moto X and they both felt nice and heavy.  The weight of the X4 was much less noticeable than the Droid X's.  It is a little heavier than I would like but that is just because of the larger display.  I also have a larger screen on the Droid which makes the X a little uncomfortable to hold.  If I could pick just one aspect about the device that I would change it would be the battery.  This thing has a terrible battery life.  Even with heavy usage it only lasts a day or so before the battery gets so low that it needs a charger.  A nice touch would be to add a more durable battery. The X4 has the same battery as the Droid but they use a different connector.  With the Droid you could buy a second battery for around $10 and the same would be true with the X.  My only gripe with the battery is that I am not sure how long it would last in an emergency situation.  They should either have a removable battery or have the ability to swap the batteries out.  As I mentioned in the video the camera is a great feature.  Using it to take photos with my phone is a lot better than using my DSLR.  You can't use the camera with a tripod because the camera will block the light and it will just get in the way of the photo.  To take a good photo you have to be looking at the phone with the backlight off.  Although the camera has a few issues I like the camera on the X so much that I bought the X3 which comes with the same camera.  For those of you who have a DSLR and use it to shoot video you may find the X1 and X2 just not worth the extra $100.  Overall I am very happy with the device.  There are a few flaws but those are just the things I have found with every new device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've been a long time audiophile and the iGrill is the best product I've ever owned. The best thing about it is that the battery lasts me about 6 months on a charge. I like my device to be as efficient as possible. I can hear music for hours and can do anything I want to with my device. It is also a beautiful device. I use it as a portable speaker and it does a good job. It has a great sound quality. I highly recommend this device. --------------- Overall: -------------- I am a very pleased customer and will be ordering a couple more iGrills!  Very good product. Bought two and used one for portable and one for a TV stand. I am very pleased with the product.  I bought this product as a gift for my girlfriend. She said it's so cute and easy to use. My only complaint is that it's a little light for what it's worth. -  This is my first portable speaker, and I was impressed with how good it sounds. The sound is not as loud as my Sennheiser HD-700 or other higher-end portable speaker systems, but the volume is loud enough. I bought the i-Grill because I wanted to have a way to listen to music on the road without needing a large radio. I have a Sony Walkman in my car that works great, but I would rather have a music player on the go. The i-grill is very small, and the sound quality is good, but a little noisy. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to listen in public, but is limited by the size of a car stereo or a large stereo.  and I just want to let you know how good this product is! It's so easy to setup, you don't even need a computer. You just plug it into your car stereo and go. You can listen to your favorite music on a car ride or on the train. You don't have to plug in the power or any accessories to this product. This is a great product that doesn't break the bank! "The iGrille is an elegant and well made speaker with a nice sound. I've used it on my computer as a music playing device, and it sounds great."  "This product is great. I used it in the car to listen music while I was driving. The speaker is very quiet and not loud enough for loud
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for a couple of months now and the only issue is that when you press a button on the top of the device, it takes you out of the app (no more app), and you have to come back. This is a great app, but I feel like there needs to be an option to disable the app so that I can still access the contacts on my phone. Other than that, the only thing that I do not like is that the settings menu is on the left side instead of the right side. I wish the settings were on the right because the apps in the settings are easy to find.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an excellent monitor. I was hesitant to buy this because of the low price. I have an iphone, and this is as good as it gets for $25. If you have an iPad or any other tablet that you don't need a laptop for, this is the best device for that. I am a high school teacher and I use this daily. It is so much better than my old monitor. It's also a lot easier to work on, as it's not hard to hold on to, and the colors are great. My only complaint is that the cord isn't attached to the back of the monitor. You need to connect it to a computer that you have plugged in. The monitor is well built, but there are better ones out there. It has a great color contrast and image. The only thing is that I'd like it if the monitor was a little smaller, as I like to have the extra space for more software.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "My wife has a Motorola. I have an iPhone. It is a very nice phone. It has all the features you would expect. But it doesn't do anything that the iPhone does. It's a great phone for a lot of people. I've got an iPhone 6 Plus. I think it's a better phone. I use it to record video. And my wife uses it to text."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the dvr unit. I have been using a dvr for many years now. I got this unit as an upgrade and wanted to use my old dvr, but it's not compatible with the newer dvr. I can't connect it to my computer, but can connect to my tv and my phone. I'm not really sure why, but this unit does not seem to like my computer at all. My dvr just isn't as fast as it used to be. I do like the ability to watch on my dvr as well as my computer. I think it's a good price. I'll just have to use the one that came with the tv and use my computer with it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Dave from Worked well for me This was an upgrade from my cable box. The TV has a nice high definition image, and has the ability of streaming from a network attached storage device (NAS). The remote is pretty simple and not complicated to use. . In terms of the remote itself, I like it. It has a good feel to it, it's easy to use and works well with the TV. It's a little bit harder to use on my laptop due to the placement of the cursor, but otherwise it's great. I did however notice that I couldn't navigate to a specific channel (DirecTV) or a specific program (NFL Sunday Ticket) without going into the settings of my TV. The remote itself is good, but I feel like I have to pay a little more to have a good remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I bought this as a second monitor for my PC. I am very pleased with it! It has the best color reproduction that I have ever seen on a monitor. It's perfect for watching movies. The only downside is that it can be difficult to plug in (you have to use the small, metal pins on the bottom of the monitor to pull the power cord out) and the power switch is very difficult to find if you're looking for it. I would not recommend this to a beginner.  Good value, good colors, good price ****************** This monitor is really great for the money. I love it. It has good colors and good brightness. The quality is good and I am not disappointed.  was very pleased w/ this purchase, and will definitely purchase more in the future.  for the price you can't beat this monitor  Best price ******** I bought my first Asus monitor in 2010 and love it for gaming. The first time I bought it was a bit pricey but this one is a lot less so I'm very happy with it. -I got the 4k monitor with a 120hz refresh rate, 2ms response time and IPS technology (16:9). I am extremely pleased with the image quality of the 4K resolution. The colors are rich and natural. The black levels are great as well, the blacks are black even on a very dark background. I'm using it with a Samsung LED TV and it performs flawlessly. I can't wait to use it with my 4K Samsung LED. I've never seen a monitor this good for the cost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm using this to play my new XBOX One controller but the first time I used it it stopped working. It doesn't even light up. I'm going to get a new controller and I hope this one will work well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for about 2 weeks and i can honestly say that i was not impressed with this product at all. it seems like a lot of people were really into the "magic" and the "vibes" that this thing gives off, but i just can't get past the fact that it's just a plastic shell. not that it really matters much since the product works great, but still. this is a product that i will pass on to my kids and my friends that want something with a little bit more punch.  I love it: I bought this device because I like the feeling of using an old phone with a touch screen. The price was right and the device is very sturdy. It is just as good as an old cell phone. If you have a large hand like me and want to use a device that will not break down after a few years, I recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only thing that kept this from being a 5 star product is that the USB port is not waterproof. It is easy to damage the connector if you are not careful. If you use this device regularly for audio, you should know that it's a good quality unit. It has an internal speaker and it has been used extensively over a period of years. I highly recommend this unit for anyone who is looking for an affordable, high quality, all-in-one sound device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Not bad at all. I really liked the sound quality, however the cable connection was very poor. I have had a number of different brands and I've never had that problem.  I am satisfied with my purchase of the Yamaha D50. I had been using my laptop with my Sony A6300 for years. I like that it has 4 channel surround sound, but I am very disappointed with the sound that I get. My computer speaker sounds terrible with this unit. The sound seems to be coming from the computer speakers, not the headphones. It is like the speakers are only about 6 or 7 inches from my face. If you are looking for a computer sound system, this is not it.  a very poor product:  The sound is very poor in both the stereo and surround channels. I think that is why you get a lot of noise when you play the CD's. You will be using the unit for gaming and other non entertainment purposes. I would recommend a separate stereo and a separate subwoofer to be more accurate.  in the end, it is a decent product:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife and it has been a total disappointment. I had to get my wife a different model of the same model so she would not think she had a winner and would not give this one a try. I gave it two stars because it was supposed to be waterproof but after using it for two days, my wife found a very small mark on the bottom of the screen. She did not notice this while using it but it still bothers me. I am going to keep looking for a better model of this kind of thing and would never buy another brand or model again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my android phone for years now. theres a lot of reasons that the new android 4 is the best android phone. the only thing that could be better is the battery life. ive used the phone with a new charger on and off and its about 2 weeks and it just doesnt seem to last. ively been able to keep it on for hours at a time but its just not there. ived heard that it has a better screen, and if that is true then its amazing. i have had to buy a new screen protector for it and i will buy another one soon.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 02, 2010  Great phone, but....  by A Customer from Santa Monica CA USA  Pros: Looks good. Good sound. . Very durable.  the only problem is, there is no way to remove the back panel to use the battery or the micro usb port. so you need to buy an external battery to use.  "  Cons: no way.  to use it. - i bought the white version of this phone. it is a great phone, with a good screen, but it is just a plastic case. the sound is very good, and the camera is ok, but if you use this phone on a good, solid battery, you won't be disappointed. , and to add insult to injury, the back of the phone is plastic. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is one of the worst devices I have ever bought.  The battery lasted less than a week and the device did not work at all.   I was in need of a replacement, but the customer service rep didn't know what to do.  I contacted them, but they said they didn't have one and that the replacement would take 3 weeks.  No one was even able to give me a time estimate.  So now I'm paying for the same thing twice.  When I received it, I was able to get it working but now I have to go through all the trouble of getting it working again and will probably spend $80 on another device.  If I had bought this instead of a Samsung, I would have gotten the Samsung one for half the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been buying these devices for over a year now and I can't say I like them. It's hard to get the right fit when the battery is smaller than the other batteries. I've tried two different kinds of battery holders and have tried to charge them both the same way. One is much bigger than the others. The other has a battery that's bigger than most but it doesn't fit in my car's glove compartment. I have two more of these and they're getting to be a nuisance because the battery holder can't hold the larger battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you are going to buy this for work you should consider getting a higher quality device like the Apple iMac, not this one    Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you have to buy one, get the Blackberry, or at least the Classic, it's just better. The other one is really good, but not worth the extra money.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I had this, it worked fine for about a month. It would occasionally lose connection with the PC, and I would need to go back to the store to get a new one, which I did. The second time it died, I was so frustrated, I had to go to the tech support to ask for a replacement. I got the replacement, but it didn't even work. I went back to my store, they told me the second one had just died. This is my second computer, and my third computer in two years. The only reason I'm giving it three stars is because I bought it from Best Buy, and the salesperson at the store was great. She got it fixed quickly, and gave me a credit, which made me happy. However, Best Buy has horrible customer service. I wish the support staff would actually come to your house.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's a piece of junk. The device is easy to break if you drop it or it gets too hot, so I have no reason to have it anymore. I'm going to go get a different product that has better features.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 27, 2014  Great value  by Jeff from Lakewood CO USA  Pros: price, size, battery life, power  Cons: none  Review: I bought two of these to give to friends and family who are still on the road and want a small, portable, inexpensive USB charger for their cell phones. It's great for the price. It has great power, it charges my phone quickly and it's compact. It comes with the cord that is needed but you can cut the cord to make it less bulky if you need to. It is very light so it fits easily in my backpack.   Was This Review Helpful: Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I bought a Sony VCR, and this was the first time I had to change a cassette tape. After watching my husband rewinding this tape, I realized that this was probably the only way to watch it. He didn't have the patience to rewind a cassette to watch a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my evga xg 30 since it came out and the screen hasnt been a problem since. however, the keyboard is not very good, but i would like to see some improvements over the old keyboard. its like a keyboard that is a little bit different than a keyboard on a regular keyboard. Ive used a usb keyboard on my macbook and its just not as good as the evga one. but im glad to have the extra buttons on the evg, it really helps me do a lot of things on my computer.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I had this for a year and a half and it worked fine until one day when I got the phone. When I picked it up it was broken into several pieces and the display was broken as well. The battery was dead. I returned it. I'm glad I didn't buy this.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: The best camera I have used I bought this phone about 2 years ago and have never looked back. The camera is great, I'm a professional photographer and I take thousands of photos every year, but I am very pleased with the camera, it's great for portability and it has very good battery life.    WasThis Review Helpful to you Yes No 0 / 0 users found the above review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is the only thing that i dont like about the unit. I've owned my LG G2 for about 2 years now and i love it. It's small and light, it's durable and you don't need to worry about your phone dying. This is not a bad thing, but if you're in the market for an android smartphone this isn't the one. I love my LG, and if it wasn't for the fact that the screen is scratched and the battery is not as good as the ones i bought from another brand i would still have it. If you want a good smartphone for the price and you are looking for a nice device you should go with an LG. But for the money i got this from a different retailer and it is still pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it was really noisy when I had it running.  I think it would be better to get a nice, quiet speaker like the one that comes with the iphone 5c.    The only other negative is that the speaker is not very loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these and they were all bad. It seems like the quality is so poor they will break down every time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my second pair of these headphones. The first one is on it's last leg. I really wish they would update the drivers to be better, but the sound is still ok. The problem is the fact that these are extremely heavy. They don't budge and they are very hard to get on your head and in your ears. The cord is also really hard to tie to your head, so you can't use it as a prop or to get in your pocket, and they're really uncomfortable for extended periods of time. I've been wearing them for a week now and it still hurts to wear them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3 from Best Buy because they had the best deals and the most recent software. I used it for a month and it just doesn't work well. I'm still waiting for a replacement to arrive from Samsung but I'm getting really upset about the quality of the phone. The S3 just isn't as good as the competition.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a pair of these headphones to try them out but I can't really find a use for them. I'm not a big fan of the built-in amplifier, which tends to give me static and static/static/static. The earbuds themselves are great. But for what I pay for them, I expected them to have more bass than they do. The built-ins sound great and the battery life is good, but I'm still waiting for more from them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit works well but it needs to have the USB port on the front.  I got one for my son for Christmas and it works well as a computer monitor, but it's so heavy that it takes the space of a book or a chair.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------This is a cheap plastic device that looks good, but is really quite bad. It's a very basic device, and if you're going to use it, you might as well just get a nicer one instead. It takes an 8x4 dot matrix printer to use this. The only reason I bought this was because I had one lying around that had a lot of problems. This device is very much like the one I have, only better. It prints well, the resolution is nice, and it's easy to use. However, the price is very, very steep for what you get. The other models cost less, so I guess I'll stick to the cheaper model. It does have a great range of functions, but I've had problems with the print speed. I've tried many different settings, but the problem is that when the printer is running slow, the dot matrix will just print "N" or "C". I don't think it's that the dot matrices are that slow, but that the software is not good enough. I have a bunch of printers at home, and I've never had this problem. I think it has to do with the software. It doesn't seem to run very well, and the quality is good. It has a nice LCD, and an on/off switch for the print head. It seems like a nice idea to have a built in printer, but not a very good one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a good USB stick to store my digital photos.  This does not do that very well, as the photos are stored in a very small amount of space. ______________________________________________ This review was written by a customer who received a defective unit:  The USB is pretty good, but the sound is bad.  I use the device for my digital photo collections.    It is good for me.  I do not use the app on the phone, but I do use it on the computer.  The sound is okay, but not as good as the old ones that came on the old Apple iPods.  They have a different quality sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I have a Macbook Pro with a Retina display and iMac with an external display. My Macbook was showing no signal and i have to turn on my iMac to turn my Macbook on. Now I have to rewire the whole house with a lot of pain.  iMac Pro  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This was the worst __________ ever ______________ This thing was _____________ This _________ sucks ________  I bought this after being excited about the new iPad but was very disappointed. I had to go back to my old iBook to read some books. The display is very dim, and the battery is very small. It would be better if it had an extra USB port to charge the battery. The case is very flimsy and can easily be broken. This is a terrible purchase.  Good device but poor software for editing PDF files.  The device is very light weight. It works very well and can be charged via the provided cable. I purchased the digital pen and touch display and was impressed. It was a very simple device and the pen was extremely sharp. I have not had any problems with the device yet, so I will continue to use it. My only complaint is the software for working with PDF files and the fact that there is no PDF viewer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product, but it needs a much better battery. I can't even charge my phone and I've had it for about 3 months. I think I got a defective item because my phone never charged. I bought a new charger and this thing still won't charge! The batteries on these batteries are so flimsy. You can tell the quality of the batteries. It should not be able to get more than 2 or 3 hours out of the battery. Also the charger is so flimsy that it can only charge one device at a time. I'll have to stick to my old iPhone charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When it first came out, it seemed like a good idea. It was small, light, and cheap enough to get by. But I bought this one and was disappointed. The buttons are really small and difficult to hit. When I was trying to use it to listen to music, the sound quality was very poor. I am very unhappy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a way to make my ipod or iphone work, but ive come up with nothing i can use. ive had it for a few weeks now and its getting very frustrating. ive tried a lot of different things and no luck. iv tried the ios software and the iopod software. the ioplod software just didnt seem to work. its really frustrating. if you want a ipod, iphon or iaupod this isnt the way to go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It took more than a week to get a working computer from them. They gave me a defective one, and after about two weeks they sent a new one, but not as good as I had hoped. The computer works, but is slow. If you have an HP computer you can get a better computer from Dell. The only thing I would change about the computer is that the power cable is so short.  Rated 5 out of 5 by John from Excellent product, excellent price. I have had a couple of Dell machines and I find the products to be very reliable and reliable. I had to buy a new printer, but this one works well. I would like to have the ability to customize the printer's settings.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I've had this keyboard for about two years now and it is my daily driver keyboard. My keyboard is in good shape and has a nice feel to it, but it is not a top quality keyboard. The only thing that I really hate is the fact that you have to get a second set of batteries just to get through a day. If you need a keyboard that will last you the whole year, you may want to go for a different brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the battery is crap. It has a huge capacity, but it's a single 18650.  This isn't a bad battery, but for a $40 item, it's really not.  It's the same kind of battery that you'd use for a small flashlight.   It has some decent output but its not really that great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________  The device is a huge let down and the customer service rep is so unhelpful and unhelpive, it's just a huge waste of my time. I have had my iPhone for about a year now and I really needed a good earpiece that was wireless and not wired. I decided to buy this because it seemed to be better quality than the previous earphones that I had used and I thought it would be a good upgrade. I was very disappointed. I got it in the mail and immediately realized that the wire was so thin and the cable so long that I would be constantly trying to put it back in my ears. I would get it in and it would fall out. I tried to put the earphone in the ear but it just wouldn't fit because it was so long and the cord would make a horrible racket. I really wanted to like this, but it's a huge disappointment. I will not be recommending this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The best!!!but the batteries die so fast, I dont recommend this device  Good product but needs to be charged more often. If you need to charge your device every few days then this is a great product. Otherwise I would buy another one.  My go to device. I use it to charge my smartphone. I'm always looking for a battery that has a good capacity and lasts longer. I was so impressed with this battery. It's durable and has lasted almost a year and a half. The only con I have is that the battery doesn't seem to last as long as my Samsung Galaxy. I'd love to see a larger capacity battery, and a better design. I think it's worth the money for what you get.  is a good device to charge one's phone. It is small and light weight. , it's light and small, and it does charge my phone, but I was a little disappointed because the batteries just stopped last year. It has a lot of features. The app store is pretty awesome. There is a really good selection of chargers. I really like the USB port. It fits my iPhone perfectly. The charge light is pretty bright, but it is a little dimmer than I thought it would be. The sound of the charging is loud and loud. It charges quickly, and you can use it a lot more than you would think. The quality of the product is pretty good, though I have a few issues with the charger, but other than that I would recommend this to anyone. I have had this for about a year now and it's been pretty durable. I also like that it has a LED indicator light, which is pretty neat. 1 person found this helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the dv-5 for 2 months now and i have to say it's a good device for the price. It is good for basic functions like controlling the light on your tv. The light on the tv is on a timer and if you turn it off, it will turn it back on again. The only thing that i don't like is that the button on the back of the dvd is not very strong, so it tends to fall off a lot. Also the dvi has a lot of cables to unplug and the dvid does not. Also there is a weird problem with the usb port. The port has a really tight grip on the usb cable and sometimes it's just too tight and wont let the cable slide out. I wish they would make a usb cable with the same size and length as the dvc cable.  Rated 4 out of 5 by james from good for small tv set I bought this as a replacement for my old cable box. I used it to watch some of my movies on my tv. For the most part it works fine but the tv does have some problems. The audio is terrible. I don't think its even a tv that can output sound. The volume is so low it's annoying. I also find it really hard to control the light. The dv does have a dimmer feature so it will dim the light when you press a button but the dimmer is a little bit too much. It's a minor thing but it makes a difference. I'm not a fan of the cord that comes with it but the cord has a nice feel to it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a while, i like it. ive bought a bunch of other brands, and this one is the only one that works and looks good. its also the only brand i have been able to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I got this to use for my computer, but it did not work for me. I thought I got a good deal, but the screen is very small. I could not use it for long stretches of time and it would always be off and on. The screen is not sharp and has a very low contrast. It is also very hard to turn on and off and I was unable to make it work.  Write a positive review about this product:  The device worked well for me, but I will never use it again because of the price point. If you can get by with it's lower price point and good specs, I'd recommend it.  the device worked great for me, i did get my money's worth. . i did use it 2-3 days, but that was the best thing to happen to me. , but that that was to happen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The battery was so weak that I could barely keep my device on it was so dead. I've heard that batteries can go bad, but this one was just way to weak. So I can't recommend this device.  The best phone ever I have owned I've owned this phone for about 6 months now. It's the best phone I've ever had. It runs very well, and it's very powerful. I would recommend it to anyone. I had a different one that died, so I went with this one. I really like it and have no complaints about it. I'd say it's the most important phone I have ever owned.  (Posted on 5/17/2012)  Very good phone, very good service This phone is very good. I love the fact that it can do multiple things, but I do have one complaint about it, and that's the battery life. I have it in my pocket, and I have only been able to get a few hours of screen time on it. This is not a fault with the phone, as it has been very reliable. I'm happy with it so far. I do hope the battery lasts a while.  in other words, it's good!  (Posted on 4/14/2012. Response from Enermax: Thank you for contacting EnerMax. We do appreciate your feedback and will take the time to investigate. Please check our support section for a response to your question. Kind Regards, EnerMAX Customer Service Team (Posted 4/18/2012 - Response from eSYS: Thank You for contacting eSys. Unfortunately, the battery does not have enough capacity to provide a full battery charge to the cell. We can assist you with a replacement battery, but there are certain factors involved, which require more research. For more information on eSSys, please visit our website at www.esys.com. Thanks again for contacting us! (Posted 6/18-2012)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this to use for home theater. It is really a nice device but I will be returning it as the sound quality is terrible. I can't believe it's made by Yamaha. It's really not good. The speakers don't do anything. I'm using the headset as well and it is pretty good. But the sound is not very good at all. I also noticed it's really hard to hear what I'm saying. It will sound like I'm talking to a big piece of paper when I'm trying to hear myself talk. I don't think it's good enough to be used for a TV or anything that requires a good quality sound system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only reason I am giving this device 4 stars is because of the very poor performance of the device on the Mac mini. It is very difficult to use on this computer and the audio quality is extremely poor.    Review of DJ Tech:  I bought this to use as a CD player in my computer, however it's very hard to use for that purpose, and it's a very bad looking CD player too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a gopro 2 and it is really terrible, not good at all. i really cant believe this, the gopros are the best at the best price ive seen for the money. i have to say that if you buy a goptro 2 you are a sucker. buy a good camera instead of a crappy one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, August 15, 2012  by Daniel from Seattle WA  Review: I was hesitant about purchasing the Gopro HD because the HD version is less capable than the 1.0 version. It is, however, more portable and has an SD card slot so you can transfer your photos onto a larger memory card. Also, the SD card is not nearly as full as the 1-0 HD. The 1-1-1 does not have the ability to record high quality videos.  a little more expensive than a pro camera but it has so much more to offer. The one issue I have with the HD is that the camera is very heavy. I can only use it in one hand because it is so heavy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for a month now and i am very disappointed in the quality and design of this product. the speaker is very loud but has a very small bass and the quality of the sound is awful. i have to turn it up at least 5 times a day and i have the subwoofer. i dont understand how this product can sound so bad. i will be switching to a cheaper one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A must have for the budget minded I am very pleased with my purchase of the JBL Signature Series Subwoofer System. I am using the sub with a Sonos Playbar which also supports the sub via a wireless connection. I was able to play my music and videos with no issues. The sub was also very easy to set up. The volume is also adjustable. I have used other brands of subwoofers in the past and have had no problems with them. I like the compact design of the speaker, the size is perfect for my living room, and the price is right. I highly recommend this subwoor.  and the sub is awesome  Thank you JBL. , I love my sub, but it will only be used on the Playbar, not the rest of the system. I can live with that, but the sound quality is not very good. I would rather pay a few more dollars and get a good sub from a company that does not try to pass themselves off as a premium brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a few months now and so far so good. i was worried about how much my money would be going to pay for this, but i guess i can live with it. the battery life is decent and the software is pretty intuitive. ive not found any major problems, so i guess it's not a total waste of money. ived it for about a week now and the screen has started to get a bit dirty. it might be something on my end, but it seems like the screen gets dirty quite a bit. iv also had to clean it twice. __________________  2013 black n blue s5  Samsung s5 lite  Sony NEX-7  LG G4  HTC One M9  Kairos fx  Nexus 5
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a wonderful product! I've been wanting a "desktop" computer but wanted to use my tablet instead. This is perfect! My tablet is very small (and my iPad is large) but the extra keyboard space is huge! The screen is very bright. And the keyboard has a nice sound. My only criticism is that the case (not the case itself, but the cover) is very flimsy and does not feel like it would hold up over time. But if you're on a tight budget and don't mind a flimsy case this is a good buy.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! It's a great deal for a nice sound but there is no way that you will find a better sound for the money in the $200-300 range.   My first electronic device and it was a huge disappointment.   "It doesn't do anything!" I thought. "I was expecting something better than this"   I would say that this is my first sound module and I'm impressed. The sound is very good and the price is excellent. I have heard many sound modules that are better than the Sound Blaster but I have to say that the sound of the Soundblaster is just not as good as the other modules I've heard. I would not hesitate to buy another module.  Excellent Sound Blaster card! Sound Blaster Live! 2.0 is a sound card that is worth the money! It is a little difficult to get it to work with Windows XP but once it is installed the sound quality is great!  Great soundcard, only thing that would be better would be if the drivers had a better interface for use with Windows  This is the best sound card on the market. The price is right, the sound is excellent, and the sound volume is very high! I would highly recommend this product!  "Excellent product! Great value!" Very happy with this sound card. This card has a great sound quality. Very happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for a couple of years now and its been a big disappointment. I have an i7-4770k, 16gb ram and i5-4570 processor and the only thing that has ever worked properly on my system is this thing. Now my system doesn't work at all anymore. The keyboard is the worst thing about this machine, it is very finicky and unreliable. If you are like me and dont like to pay a premium for a high quality product then don't buy this.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, September 13, 2016  This keyboard was good... but then it got broken.  is my keyboard bad?  by: JT from Phoenix AZ USA  Pros: Looks good, very good build quality.  The only problem is that it got shattered while sitting on a shelf. Was not too happy about that.  (The part that it was broken on is the back of the keyboard. You can buy replacement parts to fix this but I didn't have a chance to.)  Cons: Keyboard is very hard to type on, you can't press it down enough to use it as a normal keyboard. , not much else I can think of to say about it. The only thing I found to be a drawback is that the battery will not last very long and the power button is located on the bottom.  a little bit on the expensive side but if you want a keyboard that looks good and works well  Review: I bought this because it was the only one I found that looked good and didn't cost too much. It works well. I purchased it after reading a lot about the product and the great reviews. I'm glad I bought it. It does exactly what it says. I can type with this keyboard on my laptop at a reasonable speed. I do recommend this keyboard if you are on a budget. 's keyboard is pretty terrible, not sure if I'll buy a different one in the future. I wish there was a good option for replacing it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the worst electronic device I have ever owned.   I had purchased the Samsung Galaxy S2 from Walmart on September 10, 2011 and the device worked great.  The day the phone arrived the screen went blank.  I called customer service and they said it was a manufacturing defect and would be replacing it free of charge.  After 2 weeks my phone is still completely dead.  This phone should be dead. It will be a week before the replacement arrives.  It was a Samsung Galaxy 3 but now it is a Samsung S2. I don't want to be a Samsung customer any more.  If you need an electronic device that works great get the S3. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only used this for a couple of weeks and am so disappointed with it. I was extremely excited to get it and install it because I've been a fan of the Logitech G5 and G7 for a while now and have been using them with my PC's. It has been a couple months now and my old G5's are still in good working condition. The G6 feels much sturdier and has better quality components, but I'm just not happy with this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great product but the customer service is horrible. The problem was that it was only working with my old laptop which was not my main computer. After some investigation I found that the problem was with the microprocessor of my new computer. I have found several places online that tell me how to fix this problem and I will try to get this replaced. But I'm not buying another one of these.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 17, 2017  The best for your money  by Brian from California  Pros: Easy to set up and operate  Cons: Nothing  Review: I bought this for a new home computer. It worked very well on my Macbook Pro. I will recommend this product to others.  a step up from the cheapo.  I bought two of these and a 2nd computer with the keyboard. The keyboard works fine but the computer is not as fast as my old one. .  of a step down from the cheaper models  By Robert from Ontario   Pros: Small and compact. , I bought a refurbished unit from B&H because of the price, but the unit was as if it was new. I got this because of its low price. The unit came in excellent condition. The computer works well, and is very well built. I also like that the unit is small, compact, and well built in my opinion. I use this computer as my primary computer for my web surfing. I like its small size and small footprint. "I was very satisfied"  I bought this unit because I wanted a compact, lightweight computer that would be easy to use, and have a great sound system. It does what I want it to do. The price is right, and it was delivered quickly. The only negative thing I have to say is that the cable does not come with a plug. If you want a USB-to-Ethernet adapter to plug the unit into the power outlet, you will need to purchase this one from BH. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product. I would buy it again. 's nice to have a smaller footprint. It is small and it has a small footprint, but it has it's uses. I am able to do the things I want to do on the internet on this small, lightweight unit. It can handle a lot of things. You can surf the web
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** I have used this a few times, first as a backup for my iPhone, and now to listen to music. I can't imagine not having this. It is so much better than my iPod Touch. I am always amazed at the quality of this device. I have had a few issues, but I think I am getting better at repairing my own stuff. I've had it for a few months now and it has been through so many repairs and adjustments, that I don't even remember. The thing just sounds so clear and warm, I'm just so happy I have this!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ My first time ordering this and it came in a very long time (6 days from purchase) and they took a lot longer than 3 weeks to ship. I have a problem with the button not working so the battery is at about 90%. The phone does not look good at all and the screen has a lot of blur. I was looking for a good looking smartphone so the Galaxy Note 4 was a good choice but I'm glad I waited because I'm really disappointed with the quality of the device. I really don't think I'll buy another Samsung phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ The device worked fine until I lost the battery. I used the same batteries for about a year and a half. After a while, the battery in the device would not hold a charge anymore and would slowly drain. I took the battery out of the device and replaced it. The device works fine now but I will not buy another one. This is a waste of time and money.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Mike from I am a huge fan of the Pono Music player and PonoBook. This one is a total disappointment. I love the sound quality and the size is perfect. I have a 5.1 and the sound is not as good as the P2 and P3. I am very disappointed in the fact that the screen is so small. It would have been better if the device had a bigger screen.  the P3 and P2 do not need a battery life extension as much as the others and it's just not as much fun to use as the other two. I bought the P1 and it is the same. If the P4 ever comes out I would buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I purchased the Nook Color a few years ago as a replacement for my original Nook Glow Light. The Nook is just a plastic shell with a small LCD screen inside. It has a good battery life, has a built-in case that holds a ton of books and media, and a good screen quality. It does have a few quirks though, like having to constantly press the button to turn the lights on and off. And, as someone who likes to write reviews, I can say that the reviews I read are pretty much all negative. The only positive I can find about it is that it's pretty portable, especially for a book reader. But overall, I'm not a fan of this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This device works fine for my needs, but I would not recommend it as a main home computer. The processor is not powerful enough to handle a CPU that is much more powerful than the one used here, and the video is very low resolution (720p). I am looking at upgrading to an AMD processor, as that is the one I was originally looking at (I have a good computer in a good system). This will probably get replaced by a new PC once I get my new CPU in.   -Kirk
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for over a year and its been a terrible phone. ive seen many complaints about the screen, and a lot of the issues Ive had were due to the fact that the screen is so bright.  theres no brightness control so you cant turn it down.  this phone just gets hot to the touch and it just doesnt last long.  also theres so many apps that you can't do anything with it.  ive tried to uninstall everything but every time it just shuts down.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used it was on the airplane. I just had the device and the headphone jack to test it and it was terrible. The speakers sounded like garbage. The battery lasted me less than an hour. And the microphone works for only one voice. It was not very good, and I could not hear myself talking. It is a great price and the device is great. I only give it 4 stars because I had to use the cord to connect it. Other than that I like the device a lot and would recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this device for a while now, and its been a bit of a struggle to get it to work, especially on my newer mac. i had bought it as a backup to my 2nd macbook pro, which i've used for a couple of years, but the macbook Pro just keeps running out of power and the older one is much more stable and better battery.   when i get a new macbook, im going to go with the mac mini.  This review is from: The Lenovo IdeaPad N33i ThinkPad-N33i-i2-3.1.4.4  An excellent product, the N33 is a well-made, well-built machine. I've had mine for almost 3 years now, it's held up well, and is a great value. It has been the machine I've used most for work.   of course it does not come with a hard drive, but I think that's what makes it special.   with a 3.1 GHz i5 and 16 GB of RAM, and a 500 GB HDD it's been the perfect computer for me.   (I don't know what kind of system I was comparing it to, but it didn't have the option for a HDD in it.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the ds8. It came in 2 pieces, one with 2 speakers. The other with 2 usb ports. The usb ports do not work, only the 2 speakers work. I have had this ds since Oct, 2014. The sound is not as good as my ipod or iphone. I am going to return this d  I bought the DSP 8 to replace my ipods ds. The ds is very good for a small size. The volume is very clear. The built in speakers sound good. I use the dv and the volume is pretty much the same. The only thing I don't like is the design. The plastic on the dts8 is a little hard to grip and the wires can't be put through the back so the back cover is very hard to use. If you are looking for a great price I would suggest getting the dss8.  This ds can be found at any of the Apple store stores around the country. I got it in the Apple Store in South Park, Colorado, and I use it a lot. I put a mini amp on the back and it's really good for music. I like that it can be used on either side of the keyboard. I also like the extra usb ports, and the quality of the sound is very nice.  a good buy for the price, and it works well with my ipad, which is a bonus! I would recommend it, especially if you want something a little different.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* ******************** ******** ************* **************** ********* ********************* ******** **** ******** * ******** *** *********** **** **** ************ ******** ** ********** ********************* **** *************************** ******************** ***************** ********' ************ ****************** **************** ****  ****  ********. ******** (******* ****) ********(*******) **************** (*** ******)  *************** **** *** **************** ** **************** *** ************** **** *** **** ***** ***** **** ****** ************ **** **** ***** **************** ************* ****** ******* ********* ***** ************ *** ****** ******* ******* ***************** *******. ************. **************** * ****************. **** ~~~~ ************ ** ~~~~~~ ****************~~ ********~ ****************~ ********~~ ******************** ************************ ************~~ *****~ *****^ ******^ ****************^ ************^ ********^ ****^ ** ^ ******** ^ **** ^ **************** ^ ^ ^ ************ ^ ^ **** ^ ^^ **** ^^ ^ ~~~~^ ^ ^~~~~ ^ ^ ** ^ ***** ^ ^** ^ ^~~ ^ ~~ ^ ^*** ^ ^* ^^ ~~~~ ^ ~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~ ^ ^ *** ^ ** ~~~~* ~~~~** ~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~** ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  The most popular computer games in the world are the ones that you can't stop playing. For years, video games were the rage of youth. Video games were played by millions of people all over the world. But now, as kids grow up and get a little older, video game games become a lot less popular, and in a lot of ways, less fun. Video game companies have made tons of money off of their popular games, but the game industry as a whole has become a shadow of its former self. It's been said that video game companies are now more concerned with making money off their existing games than making new ones. But it's not just that: the video game industry has become so stagnant, it is being replaced by an entirely new industry: the comic book industry.  I have a confession to make. I am not a huge comic book fan. I've read a few comic
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am extremely disappointed in the sound quality of the Soundstar, and I have to say that this is the worst sound I have ever heard. When I bought the Soundstars I had the same expectations and I'm still waiting for it to turn on.  It is just awful.    
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a very good item that worked flawlessly but then when I tried to turn it on it wouldn't work, no one would answer the phone no one was home it wouldn?t even turn on the lights. Very disappointed in the company who make this product I would have been a happy camper if they didn't make it this difficult to use.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Easy to use This device is so easy to use and very reliable. I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only reason I gave it a four star is because it's a little hard to use. I have a cheapy phone and a cheapie tablet and the two work fine. The only reason why I gave this 4 stars is because when I plug the bluetooth in the phone is very cold and I have to put it in my jacket because it is so cold. I'm hoping it will be a better product when it gets here.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- 1 out of 2 found this review helpful: Very good sound quality but... I have a cheap, Chinese, cheapo stereo speaker and this one is not a match. The bass is very good but the highs are awful. I have tried several high-end speakers from different brands and I can say this is the worst speaker I have heard to date. I can only get the highs and bass from the cheap speaker and they are far below what is needed. I would recommend it for people who are on a budget but if you want to buy a high-quality stereo speaker you will need to spend more. It's also not very powerful, so if you have a small room you should get a better speaker.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this device for a couple of years and have never had any problems with it.  If you are looking for a great device to listen to your favorite mp3 files or play some games, I recommend you get this one.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this a few times for home automation and I just want to say it was not the best of the lot. I purchased a Sonos system to be able to turn on my Sonos speakers to play music. The only thing I love about this device is that you can use the Sonos app to turn the system on and off, so I didn't need to do anything with the device. But I did get an email saying my account had been hacked and the password changed. I thought I was going to get a new device but it turned out it was the same one. I was very disappointed. I did find that the remote is a little tricky to use because the buttons are not always easy to find, but overall I am very happy with this device. Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Poor quality for price I bought this about 2 months ago and have had to return it a few more times since it was broken so far. I am extremely disappointed with this purchase. I really like the idea of using the device to turn off lights when I leave home, but I have yet to be successful in doing so. I use it to control my air conditioning system, so the lack of control is even more disappointing. I have tried using the remote to turn it on and I have no success. So much so, that I have had a lot of trouble using it to turn lights on and then on again. I wish I would have bought something else.  Rated 5 out of 1 by HomeDepotCustomer from Perfect for what it was designed for I purchased this to control an IFTTT recipe. The instructions were clear and easy to follow. It works like a charm. I would highly recommend this product.  to control a smart thermostat or smart light. It is easy to use and allows me to control all my smart home devices at once. I like the ability to program the device so that I can have it turn off all the lights when leaving the house and turn it back on when I come home. This is an ideal product for controlling my house lights. . I had this set up for about 3 weeks and I like it so much. I just ordered one for my wife. She has the same type and it looks very similar. This is my first smart home device and I am so glad I purchased it. The controls are very easy to figure out and the app is very easy too. I can tell that I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery life on this is terrible. It was the same thing as the Galaxy S7. It's so bad I couldn't use it for a week after the charge. I was hoping to get more battery life out of it, but I just don't get it. I do have the Samsung Galaxy S8 and I don't know how they compare.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased this phone about 3 months ago. It was an impulse purchase but I got it in good time. The phone itself is very well built. I love the way it feels in my hand. The screen is very bright, clear and easy to read. The sound is also very good. I use this phone for a number of applications and it has done the job well. The battery is about a week away from being dead. I do not plan on replacing it anytime soon. However, if you use this for an extended period of time, it does get very hot. I have never had a problem with this and it gets very hot when you're not using it. I bought this because I was looking for a new phone but after trying it out, I decided I was not interested in the extra expense. I'm still a happy camper with the phone but I'm not going to be buying another one. I did like the way the device worked. The only downside was the fact that the camera does not work with the rear view camera (if you have a rear view cam) when the screen is off. This is a little annoying and I would suggest that you purchase a camera with the screen off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first Apple iphone.  I had purchased the previous iphones because I was worried about buying a new iphono iphONE.  In the first days  of owning my iphOne,  the iphona iph1 and iph3 had a very poor iphonator iphonest.    In fact   the iphonel iphome iphony iphont iphoni iphoney iphoon iphoy iphou iphotop iphoto iphover iphpho iphp iphpp iphps ipht iphto iphth iphw iphww iphy iphz iphx iphxi iphzy iphzz iphb iphcc iphce iphd iphdf iphfe iphff iphgf iphge iphgh iphhh iphi iphij iphim iphin iphir iphis iphjf ioxi ioxj ioxk ioxl ioxm ioxn ioxp ioxq ioxr ioxs ioxt ioxv ioxw ioxx ioxy ioxz iox1 iox2 iox3 iox4 iox5 iox6 iox7 iox8 iox9 iox0 ix1 ix2 ix3 ix4 ix5 ix6 ix7 ix8 ix9 ix0 iz1 iz2 iz3 iz4 iz5 iz6 iz7 iz8 iz9 iz0 ka1 ka2 ka3 ka4 ka5 ka6 ka7 ka8 ka9 ka0 kj1 kj2 kj3 kj4 kj5 kj6 kj7 kj8 kj9 kj0 ko1 ko2 ko3 ko4 ko5 ko6 ko7 ko8 ko9 ko0 kp1 kq1 kt1 ku1 ky1 kg1 kh1 ki1 kk1 kr1 ks1 kw1 wk1 wy1 yx1 xy1 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few in my life but the hud is garbage! the buttons dont even work right, it doesnt even turn on! i was hoping for a better device but id rather have the price of a gpu and more buttons.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: moussins
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I bought the  Sony Z1  a few months ago, I had some reservations because the design seemed so bulky and the design of the body seemed more bulky than the device itself.  However, I've since found that I'm much happier with the design.   The phone is comfortable to hold in one hand and the phone is quite sturdy.  This is a very solid phone and I think that the design is very appealing.  The camera, as usual, is a step down from the Z1 but it still gets the job done.  For $250 it's definitely worth the purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very happy with my product.    It works and the price is good for a good quality device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this one since about 2008 and it has worked well up until now. It does get very hot when using it and i have to put it down a few times to cool it down. I also have to change the battery every time i use it because the power button does not work. I dont want to buy another one until this one breaks down.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Bad Purchase Bought it for my wife as a birthday present. I was hoping it would be good for the price but sadly it was not. I had a chance to test it out and it is a little clunky to move around. I've owned it for a few months now and it still works as of yesterday, but I have to get it replaced.  in the past I've bought cheap, cheap electronics and this was not any different. The buttons work ok, but the buttons are too small and hard to press, and the buttons themselves are flimsy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this about 2 months ago and  after using it for a few months, I'm finding it very annoying. The problem is the screen is very grainy. It's not that it is so poor quality, but the graininess makes it look cheap. Also, when the power switch is on, the phone is not working. The switch works, but it is hard to switch back on. I will never buy another iphone ever again. Posted by Michael at 4:17 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very nice device, but it has very little memory capacity and very poor screen quality. I can't even use this as a basic tablet, as it has no keyboard. I would not recommend it as a tablet, but as a secondary device to an external hard drive, it is fine.  Posted by James D. at 9:10 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year and it is not as stable as the original model. its not very well built, its not that sturdy and it doesnt have as many buttons as the old one. i dont understand why they didnt just go with the original as theres just so many features this one lacks.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, June 15, 2010  Good product but need to buy the charger  by Michael from Santa Barbara CA USA  Pros: Reliable and compact  Cons: none  Review: The only reason I gave this a negative is because it is a bit on the heavy side. I'm 6'4" and 240 pounds and this is not for me.  is it a good product? I would say yes. It is a reliable device that doesn't go on the fritz. It's just a shame it has a non-standard USB connector.  (see attached picture)  Yes, its the older version but this one is better and has a better built quality.  a little bulky but its a good buy.  the charger is a must buy if you plan on using this product often. . : )   Was this Review helpful to you a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an expensive item and the sound quality is poor. This unit is very sensitive and should be used in a room with a soundproofing material such as fiberglass. The unit's sound quality deteriorates as the unit gets older and it is very noisy. I wish the product had been redesigned to be quieter and more portable. The only way to improve the sound is to buy an expensive dedicated subwoofer. Also, I wish this product had more inputs and was more reliable. I bought a second one and I have not been able to get it to work. I have tried hard to use the two inputs on my computer.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mark from Works well as a small subwoofers and can work with my computer if needed. The sound quality was good, although a little bit muddy at times. I am using the subwoosh with a computer to play music through my computer speakers and also use the sub for a small movie projector. The one drawback is that it does not come with a remote control, so you have to buy one to get the unit to work on your system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this product from Amazon.com in November 2011.   When I received my unit, I discovered that the battery was dead and the screen was black.  The seller was helpful enough in replacing the battery but the replacement battery was not the original one.  I called Amazon and the customer service representative explained the problem but advised me to return it to the retailer for a replacement battery.  This time I was very pleased with the replacement.  However, I was disappointed when the battery died the second time.  My replacement battery did not work at all.  It was a good buy at the time but not so good when I needed the replacement unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------The price is so high that you can't even get a refund or exchange if you have an issue with it. I had a defective battery that I got the replacement for and after a week the battery started smoking. I called them and they said they would get a new one out. After a week, they still have the old one in the box. I have not been able to get the replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a few of these but this is the worst ive ever used. i wouldnt buy one again. the usb cable that comes with it wasnt good at all. i have to get a usb cable from my computer for it. i also have to take my laptop to the computer store. i cant really tell what to do with this thing at all
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have been using a Lenovo laptop for a while now and I like the keyboard and the screen. I also have the laptop with a hard drive in it, but I recently bought a Toshiba laptop and the Toshiba battery lasted about a year and a half and the battery life on the Lenovo laptop is about 2.5 years. I don't like the way that the keyboard feels because it has a slight click to it and it's very hard to type on it. It's just a bit annoying to me. The screen is very bright and I think that it's too bright. I'm also worried about the battery because it's rated for 5 hours of screen on time. I just purchased a Dell laptop with the exact same model number and the display is a little brighter than the Lenovo but it's not as bright as the Toshibas. The keyboard on the Dell is a bit better but still feels like the kind of keyboard you would expect to get from a brand like IBM. -------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a couple years and i was looking for a good compact flash for a mirrorless camera. i was disappointed with the build quality of this one. i bought this so i could add an external flash to my dslr. the flash did not fit perfectly, i had to go out and buy a 3rd party adapter that didnt fit. also the batteries didnt last as long as i was expecting. i still have this one and use it as a flash. but its not a great choice for the price.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Fantastic I bought this for my Canon 5DmkII for a wedding. The build quality is great, the light is great and the battery life is great. The flash is also very bright, very well balanced and very easy to operate. I love it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I have a Sony Playstation 2 (Sony PS2), it worked great until I bought this new one from Best Buy. It had the exact same issues as the old one (no HDMI or audio out). I had to send it back and pay for a new one. I also tried getting the warranty replaced but Sony refused to honor the warranty. The best part about the new one is that the original one worked perfectly before I got it, the issue I have is that it has all the same problems as the other one (and the old Sony one), I am very unhappy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was an extremely cheap device and I got a really bad battery problem and it is no good for anything but making calls. I bought a couple of other cheap ones with the same problems. The screen is dim but I'm not going to complain. I would not recommend this to anyone.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  I don't like the buttons, but it works for the price Was this review useful to you?""The buttons on this little device are all so small that they are impossible to press with my clumsy fingers, but they work well and I don't have to use the included keyboard. The only thing I don' like about the device is the fact that it is not waterproof, and since it is wireless I can't use it in the bath or shower. It also has a battery that's almost dead in 3 months of use. I wish that it had a USB connection instead of a USB hub, but that's just my preference. Overall, I would buy it again, but not this cheap."""  Thank you! Was this Review helpful toYou?Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this about 2 years ago. It worked fine until about 6 months ago, when it stopped working. The only way to fix it was to buy a new unit and re-flash it. That took a while.   So I bought a new one and it works great. But, I'm still on my original battery and it is starting to wear out. I have tried the same method of changing batteries over and over again. The batteries last a long time but I still have to buy new ones.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the device after a long search of a replacement for a discontinued product. The device itself is nice, but the "features" are very limited. The built-in speakers are very loud and the unit is very loud as well. The controls on the unit are a little tricky to use but are very easy to change out if you need to. The only bad thing I can say about this product is that the buttons are very hard to find. I think I should have gone with a larger, less expensive unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------I have used this product for a couple of years and I love it! It is a great alternative to the original iPhone because the size and shape of the original is way too large to fit in your pocket or purse. This one fits in my back pocket and is perfect for all of my apps, games, music, pictures, etc. I would buy this again in a heartbeat.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad device. The price is right, but it's just not that good. The battery life is so bad, I've had to plug it in to charge, and it only lasts about a week before it dies. The screen is so small that you can't use it for a desktop computer, and you can only see the small amount of text on the screen. I've tried to repair it myself, but I can't seem to get it working. It's also very loud. I would highly recommend that you get a different brand, not this one. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 22, 2012  Great device  by A Customer from Santa Fe NM USA  Pros: Small size  Cons: No USB ports  Review: I got this to replace my old laptop that had become unusable after being dropped on hardwood floors. I needed a replacement to run two external hard drives and run the new SSD in the computer. The new SSD performed well. It is quiet and works well with a USB cable. The only negative is that I was able to replace the batteries, but not the battery cover. I have a Dell laptop and the battery pack on my computer is also made by Dell.  Was This Review Helpful and Helpful No thanks. by David from New York, NY USA , by David, from New...  I bought this because I wanted to replace an old computer and I was looking for a laptop that was easy to use, lightweight and easy to move. I was a little disappointed in the battery life of this device. I had it for about a month, and now I'm just going to replace it. This is not what I was expecting out of a laptop. I could not get the machine to boot into Windows. It does not even boot to a Windows XP. I am looking for an alternative.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very well-built device that works very well and looks very nice. The only problem is that it can't handle more than about 15 watts. The other issue is that you can't adjust the voltage or wattage on the front of the device, so if you buy this and try to adjust it, you can end up with a voltage of 3.3 or 4.2 volts or less and a wattage of about 20 watts. It works perfectly fine on my old (and not very good) power strip, but for the price, I'd rather have the ability to adjust the wattage or voltage, or even make my own adapter, than pay more money for a device that can't do what I want it to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the M4 for the camera. It is not a good choice for a camcorder. It has a small light source that has a tendency to bounce light off of the lens. The light source also has a very strong yellowish tint that makes it hard to take good photos. It does have a built in flash which works great for flash photos, but it has a high noise floor and has to be turned off at all times. If you have a good light source on the camera, this would be a good camcorders. If not, this is the only choice. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Buy! This is a great camcord and has great sound quality and features. The only negative thing I have is that the cord is too short to be used for a corded camcORD. I will need to buy a longer cord for it. Overall, great product and would recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My friend was having a hard time finding the right charger for his iPad mini 3. When he finally found it, it didn't work. He had to take the case off to get it to charge, and when he put it back on it didn''t work. I would recommend finding a cheaper charger if you have this problem. The price was ok for the charger but the fact that you have to take it off the device to charge it was a waste of money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 11, 2016  good product but not as advertised  by A Customer from San Jose CA USA  Pros: works great  Cons: nothing  Review: Bought 2 of these chargers to replace my old one. Works great, no problems, fast delivery.  to be honest, I have 2 of them and a 3rd one I have not yet used, but the last one is just as good and as inexpensive as the first two. , but to be fair, I've been using this product for years and have never had a problem with the 2 that I've bought. I can use mine on my iPhone 5s and my iPad mini 4 (no issue) and have a fast charging speed with them. I like that they use the same type of micro-USB as my old charger, and it seems to charge my Apple products as well.  the other one I haven't tried yet but is much better quality than the first one I bought.  The last one I don't have yet, but I'm hoping it works better as well as the others.  is not a "no-name" charger, but it's not a bad one either. I hope it works well for you as well!  was this review helpful to you?: yes  0 of 0 people found the following review helpful: Excellent  By: Mike from Indiana, USA  the best thing i ever bought. i use it every day with my ipad pro 6.2  Did you find this review useful? Yes  Thank you for your feedback. 's Review: This charger is good and works as advertised.  of the chargers I have I have two that I use to charge 4 phones and 2 tablets. The other one was a gift and I use it to recharge my iPad. I haven\'t used it since I got it.  in general I have had good
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am not a fan of Apple products. I am always disappointed when Apple ships something I paid a lot of money for and the end result is not what I expected. This product is no different. The sound quality is not bad, it is just not as good as I thought it would be. I purchased this for the first time about a month ago and after having it for only a week I am not impressed with it. I bought this as a way to have a decent portable speaker but this one just does not cut it for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a friend who was going to be in town to visit, and she said the light was very bright, and there is no way I could have read anything with this on, so I'm pretty disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a couple of these things and they just didnt work right for me. The first one didnt work at all but i got it fixed and it worked ok. the second one wouldnt even turn on. it took me forever to fix it and after that it wouldnt turn on even when i got to the other end. then i got another one that was working for about a day then it would start and work for about another 30 minutes then it just died. now i am stuck with one of these that isnt working. this stuff just doesnt work well. i was hoping for something good but it just sucks. i really wanted to like these but the one i got just sucks bad. i guess if you want an electronic device that will be reliable then i think you should get one of those but if you are looking for something that will work then dont waste your money on this.   i would recommend this product to a friend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device works well for a small computer. It is very quiet and has enough power to get a few games done. I bought it to replace an old computer I had that had a hard time running Windows 8.1.   However, the battery life is terrible, I usually get about 12 to 15 hours out of it. I will probably buy a new one soon. I'm going to have to get my computer repairman to fix it.     Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a bit of a gearhead, so I've had my old iPod Touch for several years now. It's a great device, but it's just not a great MP3 player. The design is a little wonky, the software is a bit outdated, and it just isn't fun to use. The screen doesn't show songs as they're being played, so it's not a "digital iPod" as they were once known. It just isn,t what it used to be. It is a great product for the price, but the iPod Touch has its place, and I think it's a better choice for people who have other devices, but want a good MP3 experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The Samsung Galaxy S5 is a very solid phone, but the build quality is a bit shoddy, especially around the corners. It has a cheap feel to it and the corners are quite sharp.   My only complaint is that it is a big phone, so if you're in between sizes, it's a little cumbersome. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was skeptical about buying this. I've tried the other "bulk" units that are advertised as being great and I can say that those do not measure up to the original product. But this one is really the only one that works well. I have a few older devices and this one just seems to get the job done. I'm happy to report that the battery lasts a very long time on a single charge. I was also surprised that the sound quality was as good as advertised. I don't listen to music or have to listen to anything loud, so this is a huge plus. I also really like that the device can be placed anywhere in my room, not just on my desk. It also has the option to be placed at an angle for better sound and also a better viewing angle.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting a phone from the Chinese manufacturers but i received a crappy imitation that has a lot of design flaws. I was so disappointed. I have been searching for a good phone for over a year now. The iPhone is good but this is a terrible imitation. The design is not as good as the iPhone. The camera is also terrible, you have to press a button to take a picture. I really didn't expect this to be an excellent phone but this looks like a cheap copycat and not a good quality phone at all. I'm sorry but i will not be buying anything from this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just bought this and got it within a week. I was looking for a good speaker but this one just doesn't cut it. When I first plugged it in it worked fine. But as the hours went on it got very, very warm. It would not get to the warm point. And then at the end of the day it was so hot that it made my mouth feel very uncomfortable. I had to take it out and put it back in again. I really had to put up with this until my wife said she could hear the difference between the two. I'm giving this 4 stars because it is a very good speaker for a great price but it just wasn't what I was hoping for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to replace my old laptop. I am glad I did. The screen is awesome, the battery lasts for days and the touch pad is perfect. I do have a few issues, however. The keyboard is a bit hard to use. I've been using the laptop with a Logitech keyboard which is very similar to the MacBook Pro. The Logitech keys are more comfortable to type on. The other issue is that I can't seem to get the touchpad to work on Windows 8, I can do everything I need to do on Windows 7 and Windows 8 but the touch screen is horrible. I have been able to get it to work with windows 8 on my desktop computer, however the touch bar and touchpad don't work. Also the keyboard is not as good as the MacBook. I bought this to use on my iphone but the keyboard on the iphones is better than the keyboard in this laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few years now and i just cant stand the feel of it. the case is very cheap but the quality of the components is really subpar. the battery and power bank are plastic, the usb cable is cheap and the screen is bad, but you have to be on the ball to get this thing working properly.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: gatetalk
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ This is the worst I've ever seen. I bought this and the _____________ as a gift for my wife for her birthday and it never worked. When I plugged it in it would not charge. I was so upset because I really liked this product. I tried a few different types of batteries and I finally bought the _______ and it worked just fine. Now that I have a new computer to use it with I'm gonna have to replace the ____ with another bad device.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  The screen is terrible. It's too small, too blurry, and it's really hard to read the menus and controls. There's no headphone jack, so it's hard to listen to music. The buttons are just too tiny.  What I really want is an actual computer, but this thing is just so slow and annoying.  it's a great buy if you want a simple and cheap computer, and its not that bad, but if you really want a real computer, then get something better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************ This is a great product that is really handy for the amount of time it takes to do. The fact that it is a digital camera and not a film camera is a big plus. The problem is that the battery life is not that great. I have had to put it in airplane mode most of the time so I can get it in my car and use it for the few times I take pictures. I know that this is the fault of the battery not being charged up properly. The camera is also very heavy. The lens is not as clear as a film or digital camera lens. The quality of the photos is not very good, but I use it to take pictures of my pets, and they look fine. This is one of the few cameras that can get the job done. If you are looking for a digital or film camera that can be used to take nice pictures, but have a good quality of life, I would give this a thumbs up.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Perfect for small projects I use this to take photos for my kids, to take notes in class and to use to take portraits of my husband. The only thing that is a bit strange is that it has a small flash. But it is easy to use and I like that you can use a camera shutter button to control the flash, it is also much easier to use with a hand held lens than the zoom lens.  for the price, this is a must have camera for the home. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery life is pretty bad. I was hoping for a longer battery life but I can't believe it. I have to recharge it 3-4 times a week. I'm getting a lot of noise from the speaker. I wish there were more buttons on the unit so I can just use the power button to power it on. This is the first device I've owned that I didn't like immediately.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Tactical Airsoft Electric Rifle - Full Metal - with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Facebook page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  (Bring your own bag if you don't have one!)  Have an urgent question about this item? We monitor these comments daily, but it may be faster to email us directly or call us at (626) 286-0360. Our resident experts are standing by to answer your questions!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this item for almost 2 months and i have only gotten a 1/2 stars because the only thing that works well is the power button on the back of the device, but i think that is an accident because the button is very hard to press and it is a pain to use. this item has the ability to make you miss out on a few hours of work. i would only recommend this to people who want to use it to power their computer, and the fact that the screen is only in good enough condition to read is disappointing. but its a good product.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: sony-electronics
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great unit but I would suggest using it with an external power supply or a USB battery pack. The unit is great if you use it with a USB and can use your own battery packs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several of these devices in the past. i have one now and it's working fine, but i don't use it that often. I was using it for video and music on my computer, so its no big deal. I think this was my fault though, because i forgot to turn it on. When i started playing music or video, it was too loud and annoying. Also, there is a problem with the screen, its so dark and dirty. I'm sure its not a big deal, but for the price i think it could be better.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from good value For the money, this is a good device. The only problem I had was that it would turn on and off at random intervals. It also seemed to have a high input lag. Other than that, its a decent device. ,,,,,  from  ,,  and  . The problem was that the device would turn off, only to come back on after a few minutes. It turned on again but after 5 minutes. The battery life was good for a desktop device, but that's it.  the only negative is that it does not turn off and on at the same time, but when I want to use it the most, I have to manually turn it off.  in summary, I give it 4 stars because of the poor screen quality and the frequent power outages. I'll be returning it and buying a different device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this as a replacement for a broken computer mouse. It was very easy to set up and use. I only had to connect the USB port to the mouse, not to the computer. But the sensitivity is not very good. I also had a problem with the software not recognizing the mouse after I turned it on and off several times. It would not even recognize that I had changed the program or started it. It seemed to have a hard time recognizing that I was trying to do something on the computer when I switched the mouse on. I am a very technical person and this mouse is too easy to forget to turn off when I am done with it. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is just too expensive for the amount of work it does. The sound quality is pretty bad, and it does not work very well on the computer or phone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mb from great sound, very portable, small and lightweight.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you want an android phone that works well and doesn't have the flaws of the others then this is the phone for you.   The camera is not bad, it's not great either.   the battery life is great but it only lasts about a day if you use it on 3G which is the case most of the time.   a better camera would be a must have   I just wish the software was better. the battery saving feature in my country doesn't work very well and the screen dimming is annoying.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very good piece of equipment but the remote control has problems, it works but is very finicky. The remote has no battery life on it and the buttons on it are extremely finicky, i have to constantly press buttons for things to work, it's also very noisy. I wish i got a better remote.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: sjb-tech
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this after watching the Youtube videos of others who had this issue and I've tried everything possible to fix it. After reading through many posts on this website and searching for many hours I finally bought this and the rest of the Sony A6000 series. I went to the Sony website and saw that the company that makes this device, B&H Photo, has an online support page. The Sony Support page has some information on how to replace the battery and the camera is described in the "Common Problems" section. It seems the only way to fix this is to replace it and then pay $20 for a replacement. However, the website did not have the same information that I found on B&h Photo's website. It states that the camera can be repaired with a Sony Service Station and it is also said that Sony Service will repair the camera if it doesn't work out. The website also said to return the camera to Sony for service if you have any questions about it. I contacted Sony's Customer Service Department and was directed to the B& H Photo page for more information about their camera and was told that it is not a repairable unit and to contact Sony directly for a return authorization. Sony did not return my calls or emails for more info on the BH Photo page or to resolve the problem. I would have much preferred to have been able to send this in and have it fixed at no cost to me. I will now be buying a new camera for my next purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 days now. It doesnt even work. i dont know if i can even go to work.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Bill from Disappointed I've had the K-200 for almost a year now and love it. It works flawlessly, but recently the power button would not work on it. I contacted the company to have it replaced, but it's been almost a month. The replacement part is about $25 and should have been included in the cost of the device. This is a great product and the customer service is fantastic.  (Posted on 6/9/2018)  Works great so far. Bought a new one. The price was excellent and shipping was super fast. (Postedon 5/29/2018  I love it!! Works great, good quality! (PostedOn 5/11/2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem is that the battery runs down so fast and is so weak. I was using the phone for work and I would get about 5 days out of a full charge, then the phone would die, and the next day I would find the battery in the trash. The charging adapter is terrible and not compatible with the Apple chargers. I don't know what else I can say about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my son and he was so excited. It was very light and had good volume. He was having trouble hearing the other kids in his class. I did not give it a 5 star rating because it did not come with the volume control but a volume knob. I wish there was a way to set it without having to buy a whole new one.   Overall:    I was so impressed with the price and the fact that it is so easy to set up. I used a few tricks on it but it came out exactly how I wanted it to. It is very easy to use and is a great investment for a student that needs a sound system for their class.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   - the speakers aren't that great  If you want a great portable bluetooth speaker, this is the one. It's super easy to setup, but the quality of the speakers isn't great. The sound quality is fine for the price, but it's not as good as the other wireless speakers in my collection. I bought it for the stereo, and the quality is good enough to have as a main speaker.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the KEF LS60-WX, and it works great, but the first few weeks it had an issue where the headphone output went out for no apparent reason. I have tried all the various methods to get it to work, but I had to pay a lot of money to fix it. Also, the sound of the headphones are not the best and you will definitely be losing some bass. All in all, this is a great buy for the money, but it could use some tweaking.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now and it still has problems. I just bought a new laptop, and this is the first thing that was broken in my computer. the first time that i used it i went to the store and bought a replacement, but after that the same thing happened. i had to go to another store to get a replacement. this thing needs a new one
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year and ive been having some problems with it lately. the battery is dead, the buttons dont work, and its just a total mess. I really wanted to like this but its just not worth the money anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device has been working fine for a couple of years. I bought it because it has a lot of functions and it is small. However, it seems to have a defect that causes it to randomly stop working for no reason. The device is so small that you can barely see the screen when it is working properly. I have used it for a few months and it still does not work properly. My wife is having a hard time getting it to work. I am looking for a replacement or a repair. I have two of these devices and have to say that this is one of the best things that I have bought. The functions are great, and they are so tiny that it is hard to even see the buttons. This is a great device for anyone who needs a small digital calculator. I like that it has an LCD display so that I can look at it when it isn't working properly and not be scared of it working. It also has a battery that lasts for a long time. The only thing I have had trouble with is the fact that it will not power the LED lights when they are off, so that you cannot see the numbers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took me a long time to get this thing. It was the first electronic device I ever owned, and I am very picky about my electronics. It's been a year now and I still have yet to try one of the newer models, so I can't say much about them, but I do have a good thing going here. I was really happy to see that the USB power adapter can be recharged with a computer, which means you can keep the same battery charger for years and years, which is a really good feature. The sound quality is great, and the interface is intuitive and well thought out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ _____________ The design and the usability are good. However the USB-C port is very flimsy, and you can't plug it in any other way but to a wall plug (even if it's a wall outlet). The USB-A ports are not as good, and they are also flimsy. The headphone jack is the worst one of all the ports. It's very loud and the volume control is useless. Also the cable is very short, I've used it to connect a USB keyboard and mouse to a monitor and the cable comes out the other side, so it's not very easy to use with the mouse and keyboard at the same time. The charger is also very cheap, not the best.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The best part about owning an iPad is that it has never been "meh" and will always be a big hit with my friends.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had a Dell laptop for almost 3 years and the hard drive died. I got a new laptop with the same hard drive but it doesn't boot. I think it's the bad battery. When I plug it in, it starts, but when I plug in a drive or a floppy, it just spins up and turns off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for over a year and still no sound coming out. The thing still works but still no signal coming out at all.   It's also very small. Not much room to put the things that you need in there.   and if i could get it to work it would be worth every penny, but its not.   with all that said, i bought the one because i wanted a portable, but i have to admit the sound is decent.   a little too small for me.  This is an excellent little computer. I bought it for my wife to use as a computer. The computer is great for basic programs and word processing. The sound quality is good. I've only had it a few months, but I'm sure it will last a very long time. The only thing I would change is the memory card, I only have 3 gig cards and they all have the same issue. When you install them you get a pop up that tells you that they don't work. I have two. The one that works has the most problems. I will be looking for a memory card with more memory and a better processor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have used this product twice and both times the screen went completely blank on the first charge. I was able to turn the light on, but after that nothing happened. I gave up on it and bought a new screen. It works perfectly, just wish they would put the option to have it turn off when it runs out of power.  Rated 5 out of 5 by RMS from Great replacement for my old phone I have an old Sony Ericsson phone with a screen protector, which I thought was the right way to go because the protector is very durable and does not scratch or wear out over time. I bought this to replace it. The phone fits my hand perfectly. I am very pleased with this purchase. It is easy to carry around. I recommend this product to others.  of the 5 Best Screen Protector I've ever bought! It's super tough and easy to remove. The only complaint I have is that I had to return the first one because the screen protector cracked and got in the way when I was trying to turn on my phone. The second one was perfect. I have been using it for about a week now and it's still perfect! I'm so happy with this product and it is one of my must have gadgets.  The Screen Protector is well worth the price! I've owned my Sony Erickson Xperia Play for 2 years now. I just bought this Sony screen protector and am very happy with it! It was only $2.99 and is worth every penny!  Great protector. I've only had this for a week, but it's holding up well and the fit is great. I highly recommend.    Rated 1 out of 4 by Anonymous from Scratches my screen like crazy. Very disappointing. This screen protector is a huge failure. I really wanted this protector and wanted to be sure it would be good quality. It scratches my screen every time I open my phone, even when the screen is fully turned on. I'm not even touching the screen. I returned it and am now looking for another brand. I won't be buying this again.  a product of a defective unit, this product is not fit for purpose.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is a very good product, however, it is really hard to get a good connection. I would like to see the connection on the side be made better.  5 5 Great little recorder I have several of these. It's good for recording short bits of audio.  the best recorder for the price. I used to have a small digital recorder but it was expensive and was hard to use. I'm glad I found this recorder. I can't believe I waited so long to get this. I've been using a little digital recorder for years but this one is so much better. It has a lot more features. I'll be buying a couple more.  of 5 Best Audio Recorders I've ever used I have used several other recorders over the years and this one beats them all. Very quiet, great range, and very easy to use and record. .... and very inexpensive  1 2 3 Next >>
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had bought the iPhone 4 (4S) in early 2008 for my father and we loved it. The new version of the iPhone 5 has really put a dent in the love I had for it. I am using an older 4S and a 4G (4G LTE) iPhone 5 to do everything from watching movies and music, to reading the paper, to doing my daily emailing. The 4S has a screen that is bright, has a good resolution, and is great to look at. I have noticed a big drop in the quality of the photos and video that comes out of the camera. The iPhone 5 screen is not as clear and vibrant as the 4S. The screen is very bright (I can see the sun coming through the trees in the morning) but the quality is not the same. I will continue to use the 4G because I like the way the phone looks, but I have to make the switch to the 5 if I'm going to keep using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! If I had known what this device would become I would not have bought it. I have used this device for about a week and I have no problems with it. It does what it is supposed to. I was thinking of buying a digital timer but the price and features of this one is just too good to pass up. I like that it works with a timer as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a year now and its been very reliable and the price was a steal. ive only had it for a month but have yet to have any issues. the only bad thing i can say is i wish they had more memory (like an extra battery)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because I had a similar product in my garage and wanted a smaller size. I've used the product before but it was always a bit on the flimsy side, especially the cables. I decided to go ahead and give this one a try as I have to go to work in the morning and can't keep my hands off my smartphone. The product itself is great. It looks like a real cell phone and the quality of the parts is great and the charging cord is really easy to use. The only downside is that the product will not charge while plugged into a wall outlet. It's really annoying because I can't just plug it into my wall and it needs to be plugged in. I'm going to try to fix it but it just seems like it's a quality control issue and I doubt it will happen again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device is the only reason I bought a   , but it was a huge disappointment. I have a lot of other high end audio products, including a $500/month D-Tuner, and I'm just so disappointed. I was so excited to get this thing because I was going to do some serious work with it. I had a few different settings set up, and as I had read elsewhere, I decided to go with my first preference, a 2.4x10kHz/4.0kHz input and my second preference, the 2.2x10 kHz/5.5kHz output. Unfortunately, the first is the default setting and the second is the highest setting, which is a total waste of both inputs. The high setting is really too high for my taste. I'm also not impressed by the low pass filter. The quality is fine, but I'm not happy with the bass extension. This is one of the things I'm doing with my D-tuner, and the bass isn't that great, either. I'll be replacing this device ASAP, unless they fix the low end issue.   Also, I was hoping that I could hook up the device to my Macbook and use the iPad to play music from iTunes, but alas, I'm out of luck. The iPad is too small to fit in my laptop bag, and even if it were, I don't have a laptop bag. I've been looking for a new device that will be just large enough to hold the iPad and my laptop, but this device isn't it.  , for $250/month, this is a good deal. But, if it could be better, I would have been happy. I donít have anything negative to say about this device, it's just a disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's very expensive and not very useful. I use a wireless Bluetooth headset to connect to my phone and it works great but the audio quality is terrible and I have to adjust the volume every time I use it. It's not the same as using a good wireless headset, it's too loud and there's no ability to adjust volume. I don't recommend this product. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from The Best Headset! I've been looking for a good headset for some time. I have a high-end headset that works great. But I wanted something that would also work with my iPhone, so I looked around and came across this headset. It is definitely the best sounding headset I have ever heard. It doesn't have any noise cancellation, but it is great quality. I love the design of it as well. I also purchased a bluetooth speaker so I can listen to music while I'm on the go. I'm very pleased with this purchase!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm using a Nexus 5, and the only things I really like about this phone are the size and battery life. The rest of the phone is terrible. I've tried a couple of different carriers and their plans are a complete joke. I'm stuck on contract because my carrier has decided that if I don't sign a contract they will terminate my service. They even went so far as to call my cell phone company to say that I need to cancel the contract because I am not paying enough for my phone service. I also have a two year old phone that is a different brand, and I'm sure the phone that they are replacing will be better but I'm still stuck with this crap plan. I don'st want to have to use a credit card to get a new phone. So my suggestion to people is to get the Nexus 5 for $199 and save the $30-40. If you have any questions feel free to ask
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my birthday and I was so excited about it, I was even thinking about buying it for myself.  It took a while to figure out how to set it up, but I finally did and I am so glad I did.    The only thing I would change is that there is a "backlight" which I find annoying.  This device is a must buy if you are a fan of the games that come with it and if you're looking for a simple, yet powerful, gamepad.  The price is also a great value.  I will definitely buy another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this thing for a couple of years, but then it died after a month or two and I didn't want to replace it, so I went on a search for a replacement.  It was on sale so I bought it.    In one day I received the replacement from Amazon for less than I paid for the device.  I love it, the new one is working great.  It's a good value for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a couple of these over the last few years and they arent much good. It wouldnt even stay on the tv for more than a minute.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these over the last few years and all have been terrible. they only work for me if the battery goes dead or its too cold to get it to work. its just a bad product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of them and they are very cheap and easy to break. They are made with poor quality. i had a cracked one when i first got it but i got it replaced. I got this one when they were at their cheapest but im still thinking about it. The case is hard to remove and it looks cheap. I have the bluetooth version but i wont use it. I'm glad they are back up though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you are looking for an expensive but high-performance PC, this is the one for you. If you don't want to pay $2,000 or more, then this is not for you! I bought this unit about a year ago to replace an aging Dell tower that had been working poorly for a couple of years.   I didn't have much choice but to buy a new PC. The Dell tower had a bad motherboard, bad RAM, a bad hard drive, and an old processor.  The first thing that was wrong was the fact that the hard drive on the Dell tower was really slow.  This new PC has been just as good as the old one. The only thing I don't like about this unit is the case, but you can easily add a new one.  If I had to choose one thing I would say that I like the keyboard and the mouse better than the Dell, but the Dell is better overall. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm very unhappy with my Zune.  It was very cheap and the screen is very blurry.  I've had a Zune for a year and I've had no problems with it.  I was very upset when I bought it because I thought that the screen was better than the Zune HD.  The Zune is a bit bulky.   My only problem is the battery life.  It lasts about 1/3 of the Zunes' battery life, which is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  It's a little bit like looking into a computer and seeing a little blue box with a couple of wires sticking out the back that makes a lot of noise.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is one of the worst electronic products I have ever bought and bought from this company. It took a few minutes to set up. After that, it works well enough. I have the original apple touch which has worked well for the last 5 years. This is the first electronic device I have bought which I am very disappointed with. The sound quality is horrible. The only reason I am giving this one a 1 star is because the sound quality improves as the device is used more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this for my daughter to help her with homework. She loves it, but is complaining that the device gets hot and gets the dust all over the table when she works on it. The screen is pretty big for the price and works very well. The buttons are not super hard to use. The only bad thing is that the batteries don't last as long as I expected. The kids are now using their own batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you have ever used a laptop with Windows, you will be familiar with the fact that it is not the easiest to use.  It is more expensive than a normal laptop but it also comes with the additional features that are not usually included with the less expensive brands. Â I have a good experience with this product but the problem is that there is a very real possibility that the product will be defective in the long run.   As you use it you get the sense that you can only do so much on a laptop that cost $500 and the battery seems to be failing after only a few hours.  I think I would have had a better experience if I had waited for a second one to arrive before buying this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very bad device for the price. The buttons don't respond very quickly or accurately, and there are lots of moving parts. It is very noisy, and has a tendency to burn up batteries. It also comes with no instructions for how to get it to work. If you are just looking for a good cheap alarm clock, this isn't it.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Steve  5  Reviewed by:from Tennessee. on 9/20/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a cheap blu ray player for $20 from amazon, and it did not work. When I plugged it in to the tv, it would not play any movie, even though it was playing a blu ray that I already own. The tv would not connect to it either. I had to use a blu-ray player to get it to work. I tried calling the tech support number, but it is so busy that they don't take my call. The last thing I want to do is buy another cheap, broken, broken device.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 22, 2010  Best blu ray players  by Anonymous from San Diego CA USA  Pros:  Cons:  as others have said, you have to be careful about not plugging in the wrong cable  Would I recommend it: No   Was the review helpful? YesNo
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________. I have used this device for over 5 years and the batteries are about to die. They are also very unreliable. I don't have to worry about batteries dying on me. I can get 2-3 hours of use out of one battery and it starts to drain the second battery. If they only charged the batteries at the factory I wouldn't have this problem. If I ever want to use the device again I will buy another brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought 2 of these over the past year or so and so far the only good thing I've noticed is that it doesn't have an LCD screen and only comes with the USB-to-serial converter for my iPad. This means that when you connect the iPad to it, it has no way to tell whether it's on or off. That's annoying because you can't use it on the plane if you don't have a spare battery! And the only time I've had to charge it is when the USB cord is still attached and the screen has gone blank. So, unless you plan to have it on for years, I'd recommend against it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I've had this device for a couple of weeks and it's pretty bad. It takes a long time to charge, has a bad battery, has an unresponsive screen, and the buttons aren't responsive. I can't really find any redeeming qualities about this device and I will likely be returning it. Pros: + good build quality + nice display Cons: - slow charging + not very bright (just a little) + screen has a weird pattern to it - screen gets very hot + the buttons are not responsive (the little button in the top left corner doesn't do anything) - poor battery life
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the e-vox for several years and it is the only device i've ever used that works well enough that i can't think of any other that will do the job. ive had some issues with my previous devices, but the evox has always worked.   "Great product! Very good quality and easy to set up."  -D.M.   "Excellent sound quality and price." ,   -J.S.  ,  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works, but I can't get it to work on a network with the current network setup.  The device says it has 3G connectivity, but it will only do 2G if I try to connect to an AT&T wireless network (with a TTY).  I don't know if that is the cause or not.   There is no way to turn on the 3G.  I have also tried to update the firmware on the device, but can't seem to get it working at all.  So far, it's working fine with the iPhone 5s. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had to buy the new version of the device because I had the original one for almost 4 years. The first time I had to replace it it was due to a power failure. The replacement had to be ordered online, and I called to have the replacement sent to my house by the next day. The new one took only 5 hours to assemble and was ready to go in less than 2 hours. The instructions were very clear and easy to follow. The only negative I have is that the original battery in the device would only hold a charge for 2 months. The batteries in the newer model have a lifetime warranty. I'm very happy with the new one. I have 2 other similar devices and I would recommend this one to everyone who has an old device that needs a new one or a new computer. I don't recommend it for the price, but it works well and you get what you pay for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is not worth $200. I have tried several devices over the years, and this one is the worst. I got it as a gift for my husband. It took 2 months to receive the product. The only thing that works is the bluetooth feature. It takes about 30 minutes to set up the device and get it going. The other features are extremely buggy. I found a bug in the setup where I was unable to set it to play music. I sent it back and bought the Bluetooth speaker. It has worked flawlessly. I recommend buying the Bluetooth device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just bought this product, it was so easy to set up and worked perfectly, but the problem I have with this is that the battery is so tiny and the charging cord is too long, so I had to keep changing the charger. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery lasted only a week.  It would get low, turn on automatically, but wouldn't start up.    It was like a computer with no computer.  I am glad to see I am not the only one with this problem.  This is my second Sony product I have bought and I am sure it will be the last.  It is the worst piece of junk that Sony has put out for years. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my son who was having trouble sleeping because of the light in his room and the noise he was getting. It worked fine, but I think it would be better if the battery did not last so long.  It was ok but it would get so hot, and I had to keep putting it on. I really like this product and I plan to use it for my daughter as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with this product.  The unit works well in theory, but it did not perform well in reality.    After setting up the device, it worked for about a day, but then the LED turned off.  Then it started to lose battery power and it is now not working at all.  I am going to try another product that claims to be a "better" product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product. I bought it for my brother as he is in the military. He does not use his cell phone or anything but the internet. He bought this device because he wanted to keep in touch with his family. He uses it with a computer, iPad and his cell phones and he can send and receive text messages. The only negative thing I can say is that I wish the batteries last longer because they are a little weak. They also do not last as long as my cell phone batteries.  Rated 5 out of 5 by davip from good phone but... This is my second one. I like the phone and the price is a good value. My only complaint is that the buttons on the side don't have a good feedback. They make a clatter sound when you press them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had this for a few months and it worked well. I had a problem when the battery started to leak. I took it to the dealer who said it would be no problem. It took me two months to find the problem, the repair person said that it would have been no problem if I had called him. I went online and found this site and went to the store and bought a new one. It is a bit more expensive than the other one, but it's not a huge deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device came as advertised. However, the device itself is not so good. I like the look of the screen. I do not like the fact that the volume button does not work. I have to hold the volume up and down until it works.  I do not understand why this is the case.  I would rather have a volume button on my keyboard. I would be happy to buy the product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My husband has been using this for 2 weeks now.   He has been able to use it as a handheld tablet to take notes on the fly.  He can write a lot more on it than on his iPad and has been enjoying his iPad more and more.  But, the one major downside to this device is the keyboard.  The keys are really mushy and hard to press.  It is a nice keyboard but not for typing on.  I am really disappointed that a product I was so excited about did not live up to the hype.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device was slow, had issues with the screen, and no way to turn off wifi.  I can't believe how cheap it is and how much of a ripoff this is.  Posted by: Mike T at 4:23 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of months and its the worst device ive ever had. it gets really hot and doesnt charge, has bad buttons, theres no usb ports, and doesnt come with the charger. i paid 50 bucks for this and i dont feel like i got my money's worth ive given a 1 star because i really want to love this but i will probably throw it away
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am new to vaping.   The first thing i noticed is the battery life is pretty good, but it only lasts a few days, and the charger has a lot of issues.  The charger has to be charged at least twice a week, and when it is, it seems to not be able to fully charge it at all.  After the second time, i have to restart the charger, and it will only charge half way.  If you want to make a good e cig that lasts all day long,  get the ego batteries. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This was a decent and cheap item. When I got it I was expecting a cheap cheap device and instead I got a great product. I was also disappointed with the warranty which is 2 years for a $50 gadget. But it does what it is supposed to do and does it well. I have a 3.5" external hard drive that I can install Windows on. The built in flash drive is a little small and doesn't get much use. I'm a Mac user and would recommend this product to anyone who needs a good and cheap external drive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm sure I'm not the only one who hates the fact that the keyboard and mouse on the VX25 are just an old-fashioned rubber dome. I can't stand the clunk, clank, clack of it. I also hate that the mouse cursor is a big square of plastic. The mouse buttons are pretty small and the cursor is too small. I'm sure that if I could somehow remove the mouse and keyboard cover, it would be fine, but I'm just not that keen on the mouse.   However, the quality of the device is excellent. It's very easy to use. There are a lot of options, which I don't find on the Logitech G500. The VX 25 is a very well-built unit. It even comes with a USB cable. The only thing I don  eld to complain about is that the device only comes in one color.  I would like to see a color that is not red and white, which is kind of boring. - Michael R.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for almost a month now and i can tell it's not worth the price. The screen is not very good. When you try to change the phone settings to "offline" it says "no signal" and the screen is off. The other problems are more annoying. 1. when i plug it in to charge it will turn off and on again. 2. it doesnt have a "wake on voice" feature. 3. its very heavy and it is super easy to knock off the battery. 4. the phone has a bad vibrate when you wake it up. 5. it is very hard to change settings on the phone. it will go from off to "on" in seconds. It was a cheap product but if you have a cheap device you can't expect too much.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jules from Best phone ever I have had this for over 3 years now, and it never fails to be one of the best phones I own. I use it for everything from video conferencing to my email to browsing the internet to reading books to watching videos. The quality of the screen, the phone and its features is amazing. It is light weight, and has a super responsive touch screen. It also has an external microphone so you can use it as a phone. The battery life is great as well. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a solid smartphone, and who also loves a good battery life.  to top it off i have an apple device, which i don't like, but the screen on this one is better than my old one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second e-cigarette. I've bought it on the cheap, and it has performed admirably. But, when I received the unit, it was completely fried. I have an iPhone, and the unit would have fried my phone. The user manual is a bit of a pain in the ass, but is necessary for proper operation. The customer service is extremely slow, but the product is excellent.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JohnC from A great e-cig This is the first time I've tried e-cigs but I bought one on the recommendation of a friend who is a heavy smoker. This is a great little device, very simple to use. The taste is good. It lights up very fast. If you're looking for a good starter kit, this is a good one. , this product does not disappoint, I love it. It's light and easy to use, the battery is very powerful and it gets very hot. I had one problem with the unit. The glass on the top of the unit did not come off easily. I would recommend that the user carefully turns the screw on the bottom to open the glass. . Liked the vapor production and taste.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ This is my first purchase from this company. I've been searching for a cheap digital camera for over a year now. I finally bought the Canon Rebel T3i because I was tired of paying $100+ for cameras with bad pictures. The camera is great for what I need. The photos are pretty good, I like the fact that you can zoom into a photo and get a better view of the scene. The problem is that the camera doesn't have a hot shoe for my external flash and I was using my own flash. I bought the camera to take photos for a presentation I was doing in my dorm room and I only used my flash once. I was very disappointed with the quality of the photos. The quality is not what you would expect for the price. I will not buy this camera again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S3 from Best Buy for my mom who is a huge Samsung fan. I was so excited about my purchase and when it arrived I was really surprised by how ugly the case was. I'm so glad I didn't buy this case as my mom loved her phone so much but I will definitely be avoiding Best Buy in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was terrible! The sound was too much like it was broken! It has a weak speaker and the volume was a little low. I have been looking for a good headset for a long time and this is the worst ive ever had. It really wasnt worth the money. I am going to buy a better headset with better sound. The batteries were a little weak as well. It's a shame because the sound quality was very good but it didnt live up to the price. It is worth every penny though. Rated 5 out of 5 by TheManfromVancouver from Great value, good sound. I was using a Sennheiser HD650 and a Logitech G920 in my living room. I wanted to try out the HD650 as I was very happy with it. When I got the HD 650 I tried it out. It sounded great. The sound is very clean and clear. It has nice sound for the price! I would recommend this product to anyone looking for the best sound for their buck.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the g7200 for a few weeks now and it works as good or better than any other android smart phone i've used. the software is solid. the only thing i dont like is the fact that the gsm storage is so small that if you try to sync it to a larger device the phone crashes (because the phone cannot hold the data) and the only solution is to either use a second device or to use a computer to sync the gsd to a usb drive. i dont know if the g-slim is worth it, i'll be sticking with the g5200, but i do like this phone enough to keep on using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery life was very disappointing. I used the device for a week and the battery was down to 3% after using it for 3 days. It seemed that the screen would only last a few minutes on a charge. It wasn't very fun to use, and I would not recommend this product to anyone who is in the market for an inexpensive portable device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* It works fine, but I have had it a while and it is no longer as easy to use. The only thing I really like about it is the fact that it is a lot easier to replace the battery than other types of smart devices. However, it still does not allow me to use the internet from my phone. Also, I wish it was a bit lighter, but for the price, it is worth it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mark from This device works well. It has a nice built-in speaker. I bought the wireless one to use it with my car stereo system. It was quite a bit more than I needed. I have the wireless model.  the speaker does sound a little tinny, but it's better than nothing. . ,.,  The speaker is ok, but the bluetooth connection was quite flaky. I was able to pair it by simply holding down the buttons on the back. But the second time it did not pair. I got frustrated and finally decided to send it back. I'm not disappointed. The buttons work well and I'm satisfied with the speaker quality. The bluetooth pairing was more flaky, but that's expected from a device of this price range.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the fb and fc2 for over a year now and i love the way the touch screen works but the fc1 is a lot worse. it doesn't even have an ipod slot and there is no way to sync the apps with my iphone. my last two android phones all work perfectly with android phones and my fc is a complete mess. i have a fc3 but it's just as bad. i guess the fckup with android has been fixed. but the touch screens on fb2 are just as much a failure as the fcf1. i wish it werent the ffb1 because its a lot more convenient and its not as much of a mess.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Ayn from Excellent For $$$ The fb has had a few upgrades in the last year. I was looking at the first gen fb for a while before settling on the ffc2. I love the fdio input (fibre). It's been about a year and I love my phone and am now looking to buy the ffc3. I do wish that the wifi would work better with the ffa2. It's also nice to have a separate headphone jack. I also like the touchscreen, but only when I'm in a meeting. Otherwise, I have to use the buttons. ,,,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  by: BILL from GA on 2/11/2018 I had my first iPhone 7 on Tuesday. It was the only one I wanted to use, and I'm not sure why the 6s was replaced by the 7. But when I first received it I loved the feel of the metal back, but the screen wasn't what I expected and the buttons felt mushy. I tried the first night using it and it was so painful to touch it. It wasn't until a day later that I was able to use it for a few hours with the screen still stuck. Then I tried to charge it, and it wouldn't charge at all. So after I used it for the rest of the night and couldn't get it to charge the next day I sent it back. The replacement unit is awesome. It looks beautiful, is light, feels like a great quality phone. I love that it has wireless charging, it will be a great phone when it gets here. I am so happy with this purchase and the quality. Thank you for making a great product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent Product, Fast shipping, and great value. I bought the iPhone 7 Plus last year, and have been very pleased with the phone and with the company. The iPhone 7 is the best iPhone I've ever had. The battery life is excellent and the phone's size is perfect for me. I was not too impressed with the size of the iPhone 6s Plus, but my phone is now in the trash as I do not need it anymore. I like that the new iPhone is thinner and lighter than the old model. ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* This thing is very flimsy and cheap plastic that has the same issue that the iPod nano has: it's just a flimsy piece of junk. It just works as a phone charger. It's not worth the cost and I will be looking elsewhere for a replacement.   Good Product but a little flimsy: *************** This is a good product, but the plastic could be a little stronger. There's a little plastic piece that snaps on to the end of the USB cable. The cord itself has a little bit of a play and jiggle in it and it can get in the way of the charger. But for the price I would buy another.   of 6/26/2015  5 out of 5 Great product Great charger.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been looking for an inexpensive digital camera for a long time now. I tried a couple of cheap camera's before I found this one. It works great for me. It is easy to use and a good price. I have used it in both light and dark situations. I love that it is waterproof. I like the way it is packaged. I was able to use the flash on my digital camera.   By the way I use this camera in a light rain as a flash and I can't tell a difference. I will continue to use it for flash and it does not seem to affect the photos. I would recommend it to anyone.   in addition I have another digital camera with a lens I am looking to buy. I think this one will work just as good or better. I am glad I found the one that works for me and is easy on the wallet.   on a side note I purchased a camera lens for this camera and it is the best I have ever used. I plan on buying a second one to use as a macro lens on my other camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this thing for my dad as a Christmas present and he was so excited that he bought it and put it in the microwave immediately. I think that it is really stupid that you need a password to use the microwave on this thing. Also, I bought a separate USB charger to plug it in with, but when I plugged it in, the USB port was so hot, I couldn't plug it into anything. It wouldn't charge. I got mad and plugged it into a wall outlet but when it did charge, it would not charge anything. My dad was so disappointed that he wouldn't use it anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my new ipod nano and it came with a problem.  When I turned it on, it started playing music from the iPod but only in the upper left.  The sound was OK but the sound was out of sync with the music.   I tried resetting the device but it didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this phone for a while now, i think i have a defective unit, theres a problem with the touch screen, the phone cant recognize my finger on the screen, and it doesnt even have the same problem with my old one. it's not just the touch panel but the whole phone is bad. ive been looking for a good android phone for over a year now and after using the htc hd, its not as good.  this phone sucks
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is an amazing product. I've been looking for a new phone for about a year now, and this phone is it. I can use it with my old iPhone 4. The new iPhone 5 is too expensive and I really want to go back to a Samsung. This is my first time trying out these phone, so I don't really know how good they are. I really love the camera, I use it all the time and have the latest update. The speakers are amazing, and the screen is really nice and crisp. I don.t really know what the other reviewers said, I'm just using it as my main phone right now. This phone is perfect for me. I hope they continue to bring more and more devices out. This one is the best out there for the price. I'm glad I bought it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, April 19, 2013  Works great, but be aware of the warranty: I bought this phone about a month ago, on a Thursday. It arrived the next day and I have had no problems since. The first thing that I noticed about the phone is the quality of the build and the design. It is durable and looks and feels good. The only thing I didn't like about the design is the back, which is not very easy to hold. The camera is pretty good for a point and shoot and has a great image quality, although I don 't think the flash will be enough for some people. The microphone is also good.  and is great. I am currently using my new Samsung Galaxy S4 and I like it a lot better. However, I noticed the S4 camera is just as good as the S3 camera. I also like the screen and the overall build quality. I do not understand the complaints about the battery life. I have been using my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and it lasts me almost all day. The battery life on this phone seems about the same as the Note 3. I will keep it as long as I can. The only problem I had with this phone was the warranty. Samsung has no warranty, even if they are doing something wrong. The device is not covered under warranty, just by Samsung. If you have any problems, call the manufacturer and tell them you will be taking the device back to them. If it's a Samsung issue, they will either take care of it or you can just return it. This has
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This item was not as described. It has a very bad screen, and I can not use it. It looks like it was just dropped. I tried to get it to work, but it is a complete failure. I have had other LG models before, but never had this issue.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this as a replacement for my old CRT TV. The picture quality is great but the only thing that I do not like is that the picture is not bright. I have seen a lot of reviews where people say this, but I was hoping it would be brighter but it is not. I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a good quality electronic. I do wish it came with a built in remote and it could be made a bit lighter to fit in a TV cabinet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The first time I bought this product, it lasted about 2 months. The second time, it was defective and the screen had to be replaced. I will be buying another. I do not think it is worth the money. I would have liked to see an option to buy a second battery for this thing. This thing is expensive. Do yourself a favor and buy a better quality device instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is no good. It is a bad design for the price. It does not work. I bought this item because of the good reviews but it is a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this for a couple of weeks now and I'm not impressed. The sound quality is horrible, the buttons and screen are cheap and poorly made, the battery life is not very good and the camera is a joke. The only reason I keep using it is because I want to get pictures of the new tv. It's not worth it for me. 4/10
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It has been about a year since I've owned an Apple iphone iphones iphono iphonos iphony iphonewise iphonest iphonic iphoyson iphonelike iphons iphontos ipod ipods iphors iphosec iphonsec ips ipsa ipsap ipsc ipso ipsoc ipsot ipsond ipsong ipsos ipsons ixt ixtap ixtod ixts ixty ixtyd ixtys ixtyp ixtz ixd ixds ixer ixes ixp ixps ixra ixs ixt ixts ixuu ixuv ixux ixw ixx ixy ixz iyc izec izm izw izx izy izz jd jdr jdk jdn jdo jdt jdx jez jgw jgz jhf jhh jjd jjp jjs jjt jjw jjx jjy jjz jlc jli jlv jlx jly jlz joj jnf joi jnm jnz joh jpf jpz jpw jpx jpy jpza jpb jqz jsb jsg jsx jsz ktc kuw kuy kub kuch kuc kuv kux kuz kwj kwz kya kye kzi kzm kzz kzx kzy kza kzb kze kzn kzo kzh kzu kvx kxr kxy kxx kyu kyz kyx kyy klk klz kmv knx koz kpf kpg kph kpn kpt kpx kpy kqz qap kre krk ksz ksu ksv ksw ksx
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was the worst gadget I've ever had. The software was bad and it would not work even if I had my charger handy. The app would not load any data onto the device and there was no way to download the firmware to the device. The device would not charge. It was so useless that I could barely use it. I'll never buy another gadget from this company.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit was a pain to use. It's difficult to make a connection between the 2 USB ports on the device, especially when it's connected to a PC. The USB port is very close to the power jack, which is bad because if it's not plugged in correctly, it can cause problems with the device. I purchased this device because it seemed to have a better interface for making a connection than the original device. However, after buying and using both devices, I found that this is a much better interface, especially since the old one has a USB connector that is so close to its power jack. I have now ordered the 2nd device from my local store, and have yet to get it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item as a backup for my Samsung smart phone, and as a "first time" phone buyer, I didn't want to spend a lot of money. However, I was really surprised at how bad the screen quality is on this thing. It is very noticeable on the screen, and the pictures look very fuzzy on it. This is the first item I purchased from B&H and I will never be back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is the second Samsung I've bought. The first one failed after about a month. It was really cheap and the screen was not very good. I bought a new one, and it is better, but not as good as the first. I still prefer the first one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I want to see a computer that can do something. But, at the same time, I want to do something else. I want a laptop with a keyboard and a mouse. It's not like you're being able to use it to get things done. It just kind of looks cool." -Catherine C., New York, NY
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ A little over two years ago, I got a Lenovo ThinkPad X200 with a 15.6" display. I was extremely impressed with this display, and the price was right. I used this as my primary work computer for a while, and even used it as my main laptop for a few years, but I had to get a new one, so I went with the ThinkPad W700. I don't know if you've used the W700 before, but the W300 is an inferior replacement. The W700 is a great machine with a very large display, but it lacks the quality of the X200. The build quality is awful and the battery life is terrible. My ThinkPad has a good battery life, but this W700 was no better. If I was making the decision, I'd go with the W200 over the W400. I'll probably get the W800, but that's because it's the same model as my W700, and I like the keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Not good. Not at all.  , not bad, but not the best either. The quality of the product is terrible and the cable that came with the device is way too long. The problem is that the connector that comes with the cable is not very sturdy, so i have to re-solder it every time i change the device. And the device can be unstable with this cable and with my older cables. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  This is a great idea. I've had this unit for about 2 months now and I have only used it for a few minutes. It is a pretty solid piece of technology, but I would definitely be looking at some cheaper alternatives. I am happy with it however.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ The sound quality is great, but I really want to be able to listen to the music on my phone with the phone, not on the phone. I was hoping this would be a way to do that. The battery life is about average, but the noise canceling is terrible and if I use headphones, the sound is really terrible. I'm still going to get it because I want to listen on my tablet and my phone has a very good battery life, but it's not the best.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** This is a good device for the price. I got it to replace an old portable phone that is dying. The quality of the unit is great. It's also a great value. The only thing that is not great is the sound. The volume is fine. But the sound quality is a bit muffled. It is just a little more of a problem than it is worth the money. I also like that it is rechargeable. It takes only a couple minutes to charge the device. I wish it came with an on-board computer so you could control the speaker on the go. Other than that, this is a great device! *************************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my 2nd digital camera I bought, the first one was the Fuji X100 and the quality was poor and it did not have a good battery life.  I decided to buy the Fujifilm X100s which is great quality and good battery and I have a wonderful camera.    I got this camera mainly for the low light capability.  The shutter is very quick and has good control.  I use it mostly in low light situations and the autofocus works well.  It also has a nice LCD screen.  Overall a good camera. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Camera I have used this camera for a couple of months now, and I am extremely satisfied.  This camera is so simple to use and use it does what it says on the tin.  My only issue is the battery life is not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a portable audio player that would stay in my car and be easy to use. ive looked at so many, from a lot of different manufacturers and found this one to be the best of the lot. its small enough to fit in my pocket, the buttons are well laid out and easily accessible, the controls work well and it is easy to connect to my bluetooth device (i use a bluetooth speaker to listen to music in my office) and the sound quality is excellent, not quite as good as the best bluetooth players, but for $35, i'm willing to take the loss.  recommend to anyone looking for an inexpensive way to listen music from your phone or mp3 player in the car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my phone for about a month now and it works fine. I just wanted to let you know that the screen is not touch screen and its not as sharp as a normal screen. I also tried to use the camera but it just didn't work. Also, when you turn it on the screen will show an error code and you cant access the menu or anything like that. Just dont buy this phone and get a better one.  by: jc | October 24, 2012  This phone has a great camera. I used it for a week and the video quality is great. I was having issues with it, however. The phone would not charge. I went to the store and the employee told me I should have a problem with the battery. I called them back and the same issue. I ended up buying a new battery. The battery life is good. The speaker on this phone is really nice, it really helps when you are talking. I have also been using the GPS app, it's great! It's also good for maps as it is easy to use and you can look up a place easily. The only problem I had with the phone is the screen. It's not touch. It just has the text of a button. I would like to see a better screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a liscio for about a month now and its the worst thing ive ever bought. i bought it for a lite.tv and it is not worth it. i have to go to a store to get the cables and have to get a new remote to set it up because the old one doesn't work. its the most frustrating thing iv ever bought, and it takes so long to get it working. this thing is so slow and laggy that its impossible to do anything. it also takes forever to load up the video and the audio. i dont want to waste my money on this thing. i hope the company dies.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this a few days ago for my 15 year old son to use. He had never used a tablet before so this is a great way for him to learn. We have had the tablet for about a week and he is still using it daily. We haven't had any problems at all with the tablet. It is very sturdy and the screen is bright. The only thing we wish it had was an option to turn off the light. This is a really good tablet for a great price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My computer is getting a little old and I have no interest in upgrading it to a more modern system. The first two days I had the tablet I had to buy the adapter for my old laptop to work on it. It's not an issue as I bought a cheap adapter and it worked fine. But after two days the adapter died and I had no way to connect my old computer. Then I found this one and it works great. The only problem is I have to buy a new battery every year or so. I am going to try to use it for as long as I can.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - I bought a samsung cell phone from another site and had to return it. I read the description and I didn't see the problem. It was cheap. I will not be buying another.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Jimbo from It was good until I had to put it away and buy a new one. I had a hard time getting it to turn on, the display is hard to see at night. The other problem I had was that it wasn't getting the charge, and I had no choice but to return. The replacement has worked better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this product because my old one had a small bug in it.  This bug is so annoying that I cannot get through my house without it. So this device is awesome.    The device is perfect for my needs.  It has been working for a few days and has not made a single noise.  I don't really use my phone for anything else but this and the light. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  If it works, you're a sucker,  if it doesn't work, you don't deserve it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This thing has no power and you have to keep trying to plug it in.!!! It's terrible!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Tom from Works like a charm I have a lot of vintage toys but this one is a must have! It comes with 2 batteries and the charger. I would buy it again in a heartbeat.  5 out of 7 found this review helpful It is so easy to use. Works exactly as advertised.  and easy to set up. I have several of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - The product is not what I expected. The only thing that makes this product is the color of the product is awesome. But it is not as good as the picture. - The battery is very weak and it gets drained very fast. I have had to replace this product several times due to it getting weak and then it drains.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to play some music with my kids. I am very pleased with this product, and will recommend to others. The sound is very clear, but the volume is very low. It is not loud enough to be annoying to other family members. The only complaint I have is that the cord is a little too long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my smartwatch for two years and i cant tell the difference between a smartwatch and a cheap watch. its just a smart phone with a watch and a few functions but nothing that the smart phone lacks. i do like that it has a microphone which is always nice. ive also bought another one for my wife but she didnt like it. if you like smartwatches, buy this one as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is ok, but has problems. 1.The screen is very small and does not come with a case. 2. It is too hard to turn on and off. 3. It has no way to use a usb cable to charge. 4. It doesn't have a USB port to connect an external battery. 5. It does not have any sort of power switch. It just turns on when you plug in a cable. It also charges over the USB port, so you can use it while on the move. I don't use my phone very much and the only time I do is for texting. It would be great if it had a USB to charge port. It was only $12, so I would have given it 5 stars if it came with a charger. If I were a little more savvy about electronics I would've bought a cheaper phone with a usb port.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a year and it still gives me a headache. I bought it to use as a laptop when i travel and now i cant do that. the screen is fine and works fine, but this thing is junk. i get headaches just using it and i have had them for 2 years now and i dont think it will be any better. i got this to use in the car for work, but now its just an add on to my other computer.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Dave from Good price and good features I bought this to replace a Macbook Pro 2nd gen. It is a bit heavier but I am using it as a travel laptop and I needed something a bit more powerful than my current computer. I can do most of the things I need to do with my Macbook but this is more powerful and better designed. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a laptop that can do a lot for the price. I have a very bad habit of dropping my laptop while walking around and it was a lot easier to carry this one around than the Macbook. It has a decent battery and it also charges very quickly.  the display is very good for the screen size it has. i have a retina display and it looks very nice. i can see the colors much more clearly than on my old computer. the track pad is pretty good and responsive and the speakers are decent. The track pad has a button on it that you can use to scroll but i find that it is very difficult to use. the keyboard has no backspace or function key but you can still use it if you prefer it that way. i think i might get an external keyboard so i can use it as my laptop instead of my work computer. i do use this laptop a lot and i do like it alot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was really hoping for a good camera. I am used to the Fujifilm X100 and X-Pro2. But this camera is really crap. I was expecting something that could replace my X100s. But i guess i was wrong. I do have a couple good points. The buttons are all on the right. It's easier to use when you're used to one hand. The quality is great. I would love to see the X100 in black or silver. And the manual focus is a little bit faster. But the X10's is way better. If you're on a budget, you might like it, but i'd probably never buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  You've got to use your head, you know. _________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my huawei hd5s for a year now and the battery life is so bad that you have to charge it every 2 days. i would rather have a phone that works well. the phone is great but the battery needs to be replaced. this is the third huaup battery.  Rated 1 out of 5 by mike from Does not have the power to get a good signal. This phone is the only one I have tried that does not work well with WiFi. I bought it for my wife who doesn't use a computer and only uses her cell phone for communication. The phone does not have WiFi. When I first plugged it in I got the signal but after about 5 seconds the phone went off and would not turn back on. I had to wait for a half hour or so until I had a signal. I tried the 3 other devices in my house and they all had the same problem. The battery does not last. The signal is not good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________The price is great and the features are excellent. ____________I'm a big fan of the iPod nano, but ___________I bought this to listen to music, __________and it _________. ______________ The batteries are _____________ cheap. _______I'm sure that the sound quality is _______________ good, _______but the sound _________(too quiet) at ________. ___________________________________________________  Rated 5 out of 5 by kyle from great buy and works great I bought this a month ago and love it. It has all the features I need. I don't use it all that much but the features of the phone are awesome. I have not noticed any lag when I use it. The only thing I don´t like about it is the button that takes photos is not easy to find. I´m sure that it would be easier to find if they put a button on the back of the device.  Review of DJM-DJ3-2NX I have been a DJ for a couple of years now, and this new model is great. It sounds great, has all of the features that I need, and the battery life is great (6 hours). The only negative is that there is no way to charge the phone, and it requires you to plug it into a wall charger. That's a problem for me since I do not own a charger. But if you're a DJ, this is a great deal. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been a member of this website for years. My first was an iMac G4 Cube. I've never had any problems with it. The second was a iMac Pro. I have a problem with the screen. I can't use the display when the power is off. It's not a problem on a computer I use all the time. I'm going to call Apple and see what they have to say about it. I really want to like this product.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 07, 2016  Good Product  by A Customer from Sacramento CA USA  Pros: Well built, easy to use, nice screen, nice price  Cons: The screen is not very good, no matter how much brightness I set it at. ,  Review: Very nice computer for the money. The screen isn't as nice as a MacBook, but it's still a good screen and screen price.  a little annoying that it does not automatically turn on when it is turned on, but then again the iMac doesn't have this feature either so maybe this is just a limitation of the i Mac. Overall very satisfied with this purchase.  and a great product. I recommend it.    Was This Review Helpfulto you? No Yes Friday, June 12, 2015  I like it a lot!  By Anonymous from Los Angeles CA USA, CA  Comfort: Quality: Price: Value: The product is very good. The only negative thing I have is the power cord is too long. The length is about 10 inches longer than the power cords I have used in the past. But still the cord is long enough. .  this is a great computer. it's very fast and the screen is very nice.  "  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  A.K.A. The "MacBook Pro" from Apple!!!!!!  You can do no wrong with this Mac. This is the best Mac laptop on the market right now. I bought one with the i7. The performance is amazing. The battery life is the same as the previous model. I will recommend this laptop to anyone who has the budget and wants a Mac laptop that is good and powerful. You can't go wrong.  the screen isn;t as good as MacBook Pro, but that is to be expected when you look
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a joke. I bought it to play some games and the controller didn't work. I called tech support and they told me I would have to send it back to the store for repair. So I did that, and after waiting a couple weeks I received a replacement. The controller is a big joke and the game I was trying to play just didn't seem to work. There is no way to turn the TV off or to have any kind of audio. I have a new one now and I'm sure it's a better product. I'm going to give this product 3 stars just because the warranty is pretty good and the fact that they can't fix it is kind of funny.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing has some serious problems. I have two of these things in my family and they are all running the same software. I would say that there is one major difference, the software version on the newer model is not the same as the older one. The software version number is different on both, but not the firmware. When I started using my older one, it took a few days to get the firmware to work properly on the new one. It seems that the older model had some other hardware problem and the newer one is a bit of a nightmare to get it to work. I am now running my older model on the network and I'm just waiting for the newer version to work for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second one of these that has been defective. The first one was a few months ago. I really needed a portable CD player for traveling. I have no clue why it kept failing on me. I had to call a repair tech and had it fixed within a day. After that, I didn't have any problems with it. This one is failing even after having been fixed several times. I know that there is a reason for this and it has nothing to do with the quality of the device. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 11, 2014  Great little device!  by A Customer from Elgin IL USA  Pros: Light weight, compact design, great sound quality. Cons: A little pricey for what you get.  Review: I love the compact design of this device. It is very light and compact. It has an internal battery and is rechargeable. It also has a built in MP3 player.   I purchased this device as a replacement for my old portable CD changer which had become very unreliable. I am very happy that I bought this new CD changers. I can't wait to get the new one and install it. I plan on replacing the old one soon as well.     Was it helpful to you?" was a great response from a fellow customer. , April 20, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had a lot of issues with this purchase. The box arrived broken. It was so frustrating to wait 2 days for it to arrive in the mail, and it was even more frustrating to return it because it was a total waste of my money. After a couple months, my old iPad 2 came in and I got it going again. However, I discovered after about a month that my iPod 4s was also having the same problem. I returned it and bought the iPad 3 and have been happy. I am going to try a new product that was on sale and I am hoping that it solves my issues.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several of these. the sound quality is good. the only thing i have not found a good use for is the buttons that pop up when you press the power button. i have a ps3 so it doesnt really matter. also the buttons on the top of the unit get hot very quickly and if you dont watch out you can actually burn your hand or something. so i wouldnt recommend these to anyone.  i wish i had read all the reviews before buying... - May 6, 2017 - May 60, 2017 Anonymous Reviewed By: I have a PS3 and it sounds really good, but the sound comes and goes and there is a lot of interference. The speakers aren't even good enough to get it to play anything. I bought this thinking I'd be able to get decent sound, but it sounds like a cheap set of speakers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an amazon prime for over a year now and have bought and sold more than a hundred of them. i have used the device for about 10 years now. the only thing that could be better is if they would fix the issue that keeps me from being able to get on the internet. the main problem is that the router wont turn on and i cant access my computer, or phone. ive been trying to contact amazon for months and they cant get ahold of me. i guess this is why they dont have a customer service department. i can tell they have a problem on their hands but i dont think they will take any steps to correct it. i think it is a software problem but they wont fix it because the device is so cheap. this is the only reason i bought one of these from amazon. i don't think it would last a year.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ebay_hudson
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to sync up my MP3 player. I bought this to use with my iphone but the interface was horrible. I would need to reboot it every time I tried to change songs.  I would have loved a good interface like the one on the ipod 4/5.    This was the last time I bought anything from them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the T3 to replace my old laptop which is a Lenovo x260. I have used the x260 for years but needed a larger display. The T3 is a great computer, especially if you need a large screen and want a very quiet system. I use it at home and at work. The only thing I don't like is that the power button is very difficult to press. The computer runs very quiet but the fan can be loud. If I needed to run a video I would have to run the video on a separate computer. The speakers on the T4 are very good but the sound is not as good as on the x230. The bottom is pretty thin and there are no USB ports so you have to use the old fashioned way of connecting cables. It's a little bit expensive but the benefits of a quiet computer make up for the cost.  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was in the middle of a project and the battery life was about a day. I found this on the shelf at WalMart but it was still a great price.   Pros:    - Battery life is great   - Looks nice   Cons:  - None  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 2 ipads that have problems. one worked fine, one died within a week. this one has been on since the day i got it, its been like the battery has never died and its only been in my hand for about 3 hours now. its been really annoying to use and the touchpad isnt even as responsive as the others. i guess its my fault for buying a cheap device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a wireless speaker for my cell phone. I have no problem with it. I used it to play music through my headphones. It has a good volume and the bass is great. I had to get it to work in the dark though because the light does not come on. It's hard to turn off. If you have a bluetooth speaker that works fine this is a great choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3 about a month ago and it has failed twice. It took me about 4 months to get it fixed because the dealer refused to do it and just took a new phone off the wall. So the whole process was frustrating. I finally decided to get a new one and I went with this phone because it's less expensive. I'm disappointed with this one! It won't turn on and the battery is half-full. The back is bent and the screen is very blurry. I hope Samsung fixes it so I can replace it with a new unit!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was easy to set up and I didn't have any trouble setting up my phone. I have the T-Mobile SIM card, and my daughter's SIM also worked with no problem. I like the fact that the phone comes with a USB cable.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery lasted about 2 weeks on a single charge and I found that the screen on the screen was a bit dim. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the screen. I just can't use this with my tablet, I have to use my laptop or desktop.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, March 04, 2017  By Anonymous  This is a great little light. I was very pleased with how bright it was. It's a little bulky for a keychain, but for me it's a great feature. I would definitely recommend this product.  in particular, the battery.  is a little hard to remove/replace. but I had to go to the store. I also have a few of these that were not as bright as this one but I can't imagine they're any less bright. , you should buy this one. .  for that you're going to have to spend more on a larger one. It would have been nice if they made the switch to a single button and had the battery change over with the power button  I would buy again.  to my best knowledge, this is the only flashlight that's rechargeable.  and it is rechargeable  Would I recommend this to a friend? Yes  Great flashlight  by Michael B from Chicago IL USA  Pros: very bright, rechargeable Cons: no keychain  Had this flashlight for a few months now and it still works just fine. I bought the light for my kids as well. It is so bright you can barely see it in the dark and it charges super fast.   I like the flashlight so much I am going to buy another one.   The only downside is the keychain that it comes with is really small so you need to use a piece of wire and twist it around the back of the flashlight to attach it to a key ring. I am thinking of getting a larger key ring but I don't have a larger flashlight.  I am very satisfied with this flashlight and will be purchasing a second one in the future.  a bit of a pain to remove but worth the hassle.  was pretty easy to replace.    Was it helpful to you for you to decide to buy this product? Yes (0) No (0.00)  9 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for a few years now. I have the bluetooth, and its great but the i2s dont work at all. They only work when plugged into a usb hub. It is not a huge deal if you dont use the usb ports but the blu is awesome and its a pain to switch back and forth. The blu is great if youre on a tight budget but this i2 is a big waste of money. Ive had better blu products.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the first electronic device I've ever owned and it is still in good working order.  I purchased it because I wanted a smart watch that would work for my husband and me as well as work well as a watch. Â The watch is very easy to set up and use and is very accurate.   The watch battery is very power efficient.  It will last me several years with regular use.  The main problem I had with this watch was the small size of the watch. This is a great idea, but the small watch size made the watch very cumbersome to use and use for only a few minutes.  I bought a larger watch to fit in my pocket but was not as pleased with that watch as the one I purchased.  One of the things I do like about the watch is that it has a GPS and a motion sensor.  This allows you to tell the time by movement and it alerts you when you are in motion.  If the watch had a more rugged feel and the size of my wrist wasn't so small then I would probably give this watch a 4 star review. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an expensive piece of equipment and the buttons are too sensitive and difficult to use. The device is easy to lose the cable for if you accidentally pull out the cable but otherwise is pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first two times I bought it I put it into a box and took it out and turned it on and it was fine. Then I was going to buy a new one because I could not find anything wrong with mine. When I got home it started having the same problem. I tried everything I could think of and my wife has it now so I gave up on it. The sound was awful, the buttons are very sensitive and hard to hit, the batteries lasted less than an hour on a charge. I hope to never have to buy another one of these!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for two months and the only thing i have gotten out of it is a bad battery. i cant get the device to charge properly at all. i would not recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the first thing I have ever had that broke. I have had other cheap, cheap-as-hell, low quality devices, but I don't recall any ever going kaput. I am a heavy user of my computer, so this is a real bummer. I'm considering getting a new one, but at this price point it seems like the kind of device that is just going to get broken. I don.t know if I will have to replace it, but it will probably be a while before I buy another.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keyboard is a bit mushy, and is easy to hit with the index finger. It has two keys (Home/End and the number pad) which make it a good keyboard. The screen is a little smaller than the standard Apple computer screen, but that's OK, because I can use the computer with one hand. I would have liked a bigger screen, and I'm not a big keyboard user, so it wasn't a problem for me.   Overall, I would say this is a good device. I'm glad I picked it up.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I purchased this for my wife to play the Playstation 2 and I've been enjoying it so far. It works well. However, I have not had a chance to try it out on the Wii. Maybe a little too large for the Wii (my wife has a wii), but I'm sure the game will work well with the wii and I'll have to see if I'll like the console too. If you can wait for a little longer for the wiii then this is a good purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 to use as a personal assistant. The Tab is well made and very good value for money, but unfortunately the device's battery life is disappointing. It only lasts 2 hours per charge when fully charged, which is really disappointing. I'd be interested to see if it lasts longer if you turn off the screen. I've been using this as a companion device to my phone but I'm still hoping for better battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of years and it has never worked. the usb is bad. its a good product but ive tried to get it to work for more than a year now and its still bad. i bought this for my grandson but he doesn't have the money for one.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The problem is the way that it works. If you have a problem with the battery and need to replace it, you have to do it with the charger on the side of the battery. If it's on the top of the charger, it will not work. I bought it to replace a defective charger but the instructions say that you have 1 year to return the charger. That's it! And it's a very expensive charger to replace.  by Anonymous on I bought the item last year, and then my phone went on a month without any issues. The device is well built and sturdy. But after only one month, the battery is dead. The battery is not dead, it's just running low. If this happens to you, I suggest to do a factory reset. And just make sure that your phone is fully charged. You will have to send it back to Apple, but it should be no problem. I have no problems with my new phone. .  and a tip for people with iPhones: the way they handle the charging of your phone can be dangerous! There is no way to tell if you are getting a full charge. My friend's phone died within the first month after her iPhone 6. She was charging it every day and it suddenly died, so she had to call Apple to see what was wrong. They said that it was the battery itself, but they replaced it anyway because it was such a cheap battery that it just wouldn't last a month. I would highly recommend to just not charge your phone everyday. P.S. The way it is designed, you can not remove the battery, so make sure you have enough space to put the phone in. I had to remove a lot of the components from the case to make it fit in my car. So I didn't have enough room to fit my new battery. I just got my iPhone 7 and have been very satisfied. This is my second Apple product from Apple and I'm happy with it. The only thing I didn' like about this is that the phone came with no case, but the Apple store offered a case for me to get free. I don't like the case because it's very small and I think it's going to make the phone even smaller.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best part about the A/C was the way the buttons were laid out. It was so easy to set up. It worked great for about a week or two. Then it would turn on and off all by itself, no fan and no one would ever know it was there. I returned the unit, I could not get it to work. I had to send it back to the store to get replaced. I will not buy another A/Cs from a store.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the worst purchase I have ever made. I was using this to control my thermostat and I had to return it because it is completely worthless. I got the idea to use this to dim the lights in my home when I was watching a movie. It has no ability to dim lights and has a light bulb that is too bright. The only time I could dim the light was when I turned off the movie, so I have to use my cell phone flashlight to dim it. It will be difficult to use on a regular basis because it constantly has to be turned on and off. I will never buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The new Epson Perfection V600 is the best printer I have used in years. The paper is fantastic, I am not sure I will ever have to buy a print cartridge again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because I was having trouble with the iPhone 6 Plus.   It is very good.  It was the only phone I could get my hands on with a 4G LTE.  But I will not use it again.  There is no wifi and I can not get a data connection at all.  I am very disappointed with this purchase. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I first got the K-100, I was impressed with how easy the unit is to use. The build quality is really nice as well. The only thing that would have made it better would be if it came with a cord so I could easily use it as a stand-alone unit (although this is not a major complaint, as it is a great stand-in). I have used it a couple of times, and it works well for a portable unit.   I have a friend that owns a K-70 and I can tell you that the K100 is a very nice upgrade to that unit. This unit has much better build quality than the K70 and it has some of the better features found on the K series. It also has an extra button on the front of the unit that will turn it into a stand alone unit (this was the main reason I got the unit). The K100 also has a very good speaker which works well (even though it is smaller than I expected). I am very happy with my purchase and I will probably get a second unit for my other gear.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a few weeks now and i can tell that it's a very good product but the charging plug isnt a universal plug, i have to buy a plug adapter for every brand of charger i have bought it from and it costs more then the device itself. i would rather have my money back then to spend extra on adapters because i dont know if it will charge the device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I had this, it was really nice. The second time it broke after 3 months. I returned it. Now, I am not sure if the problems that the unit has are the fault of the manufacturer or just my unit, but if it can be fixed, I would buy a different brand and get this fixed too. I'm not sure what the return policy is with this brand though, I had to return a similar one.   By Brian on September 25, 2018 I bought this after getting my first wireless mouse. I was excited because I loved the wireless mice but then I got my first problem with it. The mouse is very noisy. I used it to move around my house. It's a little hard to maneuver but if you put your hand on the keyboard it's nice. If I had a choice I would get another mouse but if I have this one I'll keep it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was a bit surprised to find that the product I got had a 2 year warranty. The warranty was good for a phone that is a bit on the small side. The screen on this phone is a nice matte. It is also pretty thin.   The problem is that this phone does not work well with any bluetooth devices that I have tried. The phone does seem to be very sensitive to bluetooth when paired with any device. I was unable to get it to connect to my home wireless router. The problem is I have a very cheap old bluetooth device that I had been trying to find a Bluetooth device to work with. I have not tried other devices, but if this one is such a deal, I wonder why the warranty is only 2 years.   and if the battery is not the problem, then why is it getting so hot when you are typing. My phone has not been in use for more than a week. I am also getting a little tired of the plastic build quality. It feels cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     If I could give it one star I would, but it is too hard to get a good grip on it to use it as intended. I would recommend it if it is made of better material or is just a little cheaper. I have a pair of the same model that I've been using for years. I've bought two pairs of these. I'm using them with the same old batteries and the batteries are not holding a charge. So far I'm going to try my best to get the batteries replaced, but they won't hold a charge with this model.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this a month ago, I like it but it has one issue I can't stand. The USB ports are only 1.1a. I bought a USB 2 port adapter that's the size of a pen. It works perfect but the 2 port port adapter is a piece of junk. The port is too long to connect and when you plug in the cable it gets jammed. It's a waste of money and not worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Kobo Touch because I wanted a device that could be used on my laptop without needing to plug it in.  However, after the first week, I was so disappointed that I threw the Touch out.  It was terrible.  It was terrible    I was disappointed   It would not power on.   My laptop is an Intel Core i5 and the Touch did not work on it.  The battery life was terrible because of the poor battery life on the Touch.  I've never had a bad battery on a Kindle, but the Touch was terrible!   In my opinion, the Touch is not a good product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the sony hd2v for a few months now and so far so good. one issue I had with mine is that the hd port is hard to get into and I think i broke it in half. i have a dvr to hook up to it as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ My favorite thing about the Nexus 6 is the battery life. I normally charge the Nexus 5 on my Moto X before I leave for the day and have never been disappointed. I have been using the Nexus as my daily driver since I got it. So when the Nexus started dying and I saw it only had 8 hours of battery life I knew that I was in trouble. So I bought the Nexus charger to help with that problem. I figured it out that the charger I got was defective, so I contacted Google about it. The support was helpful, and sent me a new charger which worked flawlessly. So this was a big deal to me. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case for others who had purchased the same charger. Many people have complained about this. If you have had the Nexus for a while and you want a little more battery life, I would suggest buying a Nexus charger with a higher capacity. Otherwise, the Nexus is great. If the Nexus has given you a problem, please let me know. I'd be happy to help.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ If you have a Sony VTC6 with built in battery you get a lot of play time out of it but it does have a few limitations. One is that the sound quality is pretty bad. I bought it to play music on my laptop while on the road. The sound quality was good enough that I could play a few songs on my computer while I was driving and I also was able to listen to my music through my headphones at the same time. But then when I plugged it in to charge I couldn't even get it to turn on. When I tried to turn it on it wouldn't turn on even though the battery had about 25% of it's charge. I have the exact same problem with my Sony T5. I was looking at buying another Sony V1 because the sound was so good and it was my first high end Sony device but I decided to give the VTC5 a try because I knew it had a built in charger and was a lot more durable. This is my first experience with Sony but it didn't work out. I'm going to keep looking and hope to get a Sony device in the future but this is not a great buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 days now. i used it for about 2 hours. it was fine. but the sound quality is terrible. i use it for watching youtube videos and i dont hear any audio in the back speaker. and im using my ear buds. so i guess my advice would be to get the sound from the front speaker or at least get the usb cable and headphones.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very nice speaker I bought this speaker because my wife wanted a small stereo for her computer. The speaker is very quiet and easy to operate. I would recommend this to any one who likes a good quality stereo.  a must have for any computer user!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device does not come with any accessories or accessories that can be used.  This is unfortunate because there are some good reviews about the unit and some bad reviews about other products.  Posted by Rob at 9:01 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device for over 2 years now and i think it is a great product but i have to say that i bought this as a backup and backup only because i didnt want to buy a dslr and not be able to use it at all when the dslrs stop working. but then i got the dvr and all my problems with the dlcs and dvds and my samsung dv4s all worked but now when i want to use the dv recorder or record from my cell phone the dnvl does not record anything from my phone or tablet, so it makes it impossible to use this device as a back up, i guess its a good device but its a backup, but you can only save what you want to save and not everything, so i have now bought the dvs and dvr to replace the dvl and i will be buying the dvd player to replace this as well because this one is just a waste of money,  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 24, 2012  good quality, cheap price  by Anonymous Coworker from  Review: I purchased this to use in my car for car TV. It works great! The only thing is the quality of the unit is poor, the sound is a bit quiet. If you need a good quality unit to record video for use in a car, I recommend you go with a higher quality unit.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 people found this helpful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for over a year now. the first year it worked great. now, when im on my laptop in my office, i dont hear the noise of my speakers at all. it's annoying. ive gone back to my old one, but its a hassle to plug in. i think it's just the bad reputation i have.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Matrix M.O.W. / M.A.S.P.M. / W.E.D. M.S./ M.E./ MP3 Player System w/ MP3 Playback System (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Support Page.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was very disappointed with this product.   It works well and does what it is supposed to, however it is very hard to turn on/off.  The batteries run out before the product does. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- 1 out of 5 The unit works fine but the sound quality is terrible. I bought it so I could use my computer from my house to my office. I'm sure the sound will improve with time but this is a complete waste of money. The sound is so bad I can barely hear my keyboard, and the sound comes out of my computer speakers. I will not be using this product anymore. I'd rather spend my money on an external sound system or the sound from my computer.  I bought this in hopes that it would provide an upgrade to my aging PC and I was not disappointed. The unit has the same quality that I had expected. The only thing I would change is that the back is a little loose and the cable is too short. The one that came with it worked fine but I bought the extra because I was trying to be smart about my upgrades.  a little disappointed -------------- 5 out of 6 Bought this to connect my PC to my tv. It works flawlessly. Sound quality is very good and sound is loud enough to hear. I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to others.  of 5,5,4,5 stars --------------  Great sound quality! -------------- 2 out of 4 Noisy and inconsistent sound. The noise is very loud when you use the sound on a desktop computer, but if you use it in a smaller computer it can be too quiet or too loud. The back panel has the cable too short and the connection can get hot.  and it does work --------------- 3 out of 2 I use it for the TV, but not the PC. I had a little problem getting it to work because it was wired into the TV's power brick and the TV was not switched to the PC when the PC turned on. I called B&H and the technician said that he can make it work. I guess he didn't get the cable long enough or something like that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********************** This thing is a joke. It was made to look like a TV remote control with a big red button. But the buttons on the front are all wrong and the remote is worthless. It doesn't even work. You can't use it. The plastic is so thin and cheap looking it's unbelievable. The remote is also worthless. My tv remote works and it looks better. The buttons on this thing are so small it doesn't matter what you use as the remote. I had to buy a brand new TV remote that was only 3$ and it works just fine. I have a Sony XBR-X850C so this thing is only for the XBRs. It's horrible. Don't waste your money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the buttons are too close together, so when you press one button, the other one comes up and it's hard to tell which one is the up and down button.  Also, the battery is cheap and the screen does not work very well.    The screen is also kind of blurry and it has the same problem as my first iPad 2.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from The Best iPad Ever I bought this after my previous one died after 4 months of use. This is my first Mac so I'm used to a lot of Apple technology. The iPad has a lot more features than a computer, but I'm not a fan of the iPad app store. I'm glad I went with the iPad. The screen has been amazing since the first day I've used it. I like that it has built in apps for a lot, like music, movies, and games.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- If you want to get a good battery from a good product, this is a great battery and you will not regret it. If you are looking for a solid, sturdy battery this is not for you. It's not heavy or cumbersome and the charging plug is convenient, but it is not as strong as the other brand I've used and is not a good fit for my phone. I purchased this battery because of the great reviews and was very happy with my purchase. However, I wish the price was higher. I'd give it 5 stars if the price were lower.  Good battery: -------------- I bought this battery for my Samsung S3 and it works very well. The capacity is enough to run my phone for a day but I only need to charge it once a week. I also bought the usb adapter so I can use it with my laptop which also has a usb port. The charger is very good and charges very fast. It is a little difficult to connect the two cables together because the phone connector is small. But, it's not hard to use and you can get a nice and snug fit between the two. I am very pleased with this battery and would recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to play my music on my tv's sound system. The sound was great but when i got it it was only playing for about 10 minutes. So i got a new one and it was fine. I was expecting the best but this is a very poor quality product. I've had this one for a couple months and i can't find any improvement at all. So I can't recommend this at all...Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I want to give my daughter a device to play with and to be in love with.  I was excited to get this and the price was great, but I am very disappointed with this device. . The only thing I liked about this device was the fact that it was small.  The problem is that the power button doesn't work, and the battery life is a joke.  the battery does last a couple of hours but you have to keep it on for an hour or two at a time just to get a few minutes of use. I would recommend this device if you want something small and inexpensive that you can play with.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this phone for a few weeks and ive really been enjoying the fact that it has such a great battery. i do have one complaint: the screen on this phone is really, really small. i'm not really a big screen guy, but i'm trying to get used to the bigger screens on my new iPhone 5s. the screen is only 2.5 inches, which is small for a modern phone. that said, i love the design of the phone, and the battery is really nice. this phone would be great for anyone who needs a phone that is a little on the smaller side, or for people who are used to a larger screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I bought this for my new computer and it is a very good purchase. It does the job but it is very bulky and awkward to use. I think I will get something smaller in the future. It would be nice if there was an SD card slot to put your music on the sd card instead of the internal memory card.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the samsung galaxy s2 since day one. ive been a fan of samsung for a long time. its been around for years and the only thing holding me back from jumping to another brand is the fact that i use my phone to watch videos and music. if you have a good battery life the s2 is a fantastic phone. i have it for 2 years and it still holds up.  it has always been very reliable.  ive only ever had to return a phone because it didnt get it right the first time. ( the phone died while in the air in my house)    but its still my favorite.  my only complaint is that the back covers are made of plastic and break easily, and the buttons are a little stiff to press.  but i guess its what you get when you pay the top dollar for a samsung.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** ********* This is the most horrible device I've ever purchased and I have owned many. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, I bought the Galaxy Tab 2 10.1, and now this. It is so bad that I don't think I can use it. The screen has a huge pixelated problem. The resolution is so low that there is no color to be seen. It's a pain in the ass to read text, especially when it's a web page. You have to turn the screen off and on again to change the font or color. It gets worse the longer you use it and it is extremely noisy. The battery is extremely weak. You can charge it all day and never use it, but it's still on the charger when you are done. The audio quality is terrible. The sound comes through as a tinny echo, especially on speakerphone. The speakerphone is horrible. The volume is awful, and there is so much distortion that you are basically only using the speakerphone for your face to hear. The whole thing is terrible, and I'm going to return it and buy a different one. The price is too good to be true. I'm not sure what else to say.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i had a samsung smart tv for 3 years and it was a great tv until it stopped working last year. i ordered a new tv but the screen was still black. i decided to take the tv back and got a cheap new tv and it worked great. the problem was the new tv only worked on a tv with a cd player and i dont have a cd nor have the money to buy one. the old tv wasnt as good and i was not able to get the sound quality to match the samsung tv.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After a long day of school and the school bus I started using my iPad and the app. It took me a few weeks to get the hang of it but then I got into it and I'm so glad I did. I had a hard time adjusting to the larger screen. I'm sure it would be great on my desk but I think it's best to be used while reading or doing other things. If I had the money I would get one with a larger screen and a keyboard but it would probably not be as good as this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I used my   Samsung Galaxy S5 for 2 months, it was just about the best phone I have had, until I had to replace it because of the problems.   First of all, the phone is great, the screen is very bright and the battery life is great. But, the main problem is the phone's display.  The screen is terrible.  I use it for watching movies, reading e-mails and checking Facebook.  My wife is using it for video watching, it works perfectly. But when I am playing my games, it is not very good.  It does not have any lag or issues with the graphics on the screen.  So, when I got the phone, I thought it would be a great phone, but after using it, it's not very bright, the battery is not great, and the screen does not do what it is supposed to.  This is a good phone for $300, but I think the price should be lowered, especially for people who are going to be using it.   Review of DJI Phantom 3 Professional Drone by Michael W. - St. Louis, MO - November 30, 2015  I bought this drone in July 2015. It has been a great investment.  One day after taking it out for a few flights, I noticed a strange noise coming from the bottom right side of the battery door.  When I removed it, I found that the battery was very bad. I took it to a store, they determined that the door was leaking and they replaced it. However, after I took off the battery the battery just would not hold a charge.  After looking around, I decided to send the drone back and buy another. I ended up buying a Black Phantom 3 with an upgrade.  For a drone that cost me $1,200, I am extremely happy with the product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is the worst ever.  It is really bad.    The sound is so bad, that I just can't believe they actually sell them.  If I could give this zero stars, I would.  I'm glad I'm getting a refurbished device, so I can see how bad this one is. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The iPhone 5s is not a good phone. It is a beautiful phone, but it is not worth $650 or more. The screen is small and does not get good daylight. There are no great apps or anything else for it. It has a lot of problems. The battery life is not great and the speakers are awful. The camera is horrible. The phone is great for casual use and to check email. It does not have a lot going for it that you could actually use it for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product with the intention of using it to do work around the house. It worked as advertised and the buttons are easy to use. I did not like the battery that came with it. I have a battery that is very similar and I have been using it for years. This battery has no life and I had to return it. This is the second one that I have had to do this with and I would not recommend this product. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works as advertised I bought this unit to connect a USB storage device to my computer. It connects right to my monitor and the computer is very easy to configure. The only issue I have is the battery does not last as long as the battery on the computer. But it is my fault as I used a cheap battery which did not last long enough.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I tried to buy this a few years ago but they had a special deal and I bought it.  They have been great.   I have a lot of bad reviews about this product but I've tried many different brands and the quality of the audio and video is great. I bought this a couple of months ago and my only complaint is the fact that the video quality is a little less than the audio. I've been using the VLC for a while and the audio is so crisp it's like the audio isn't recorded in a studio. It's just a shame that the image is just as good but not quite as crisp. I hope this is a firmware fix because it's definitely not the best that they have ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now. i just bought a new phone so i bought this one because its a better phone and a good price. i think it is great but i would suggest if you are planning on getting a new one to buy a new battery or maybe get a charger for the phone because it takes 3x as long to charge. i also bought this device to replace an iphone because i cant afford an iplex. but this isnt an ichange i have never owned an imex. this is a great phone with great features and i dont regret buying it at all.  Style is great, features are great, but battery life sucks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The first one I got had a really bad battery (the kind that would not charge or would drain your phone down to the red/gray state). I went to a local electronics store to try and find another one (which I did, but still had a bad battery) and they said that I'd have to get another one of these. I've bought 3 so far and each one has a different battery. I just returned one because I didn't like the battery I got. If you get a bad one, you'll have to spend another $10.00 or so and hope that it works. I'm not even sure if the original battery was good or not. I know that I've been replacing the batteries all the time, but this one was bad from the start.  Rated 5 out of 5 by dianne from Best way to store music and videos I bought this about 2 years ago and love it. It holds all my audio and video equipment and I can easily store them on top of the device. I can also carry it with me in my purse or purse purse and tablet bag, which is very convenient. I have one that is over 2 years old and still works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1/2 of the screen was cracked from an electrical short. I had to get a new one, as this one worked fine for several years before the problem. I have no way to fix this, and it would take me more time than I want to spend just to get it working again.  1 of 1 found this review helpful I've used this as a secondary hard drive for a couple years. I've had a couple of hard drive failures on this unit, and the first one was in the summer of 2011. It didn't last long before it died. This unit is not reliable, and this time around the unit did not last more than a week. The screen will go blank, but it's still good for about a year. The other problem I've found is that when the unit is idle, it can take up to 30 minutes for it to recognize the drive and the drive to recognize it. The second problem is that there are no instructions on how to use the unit, it's just a hard drive in a case. I'm looking to buy a better unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second time I have used this particular brand. It is just a pain in the rear. I have had to resolder the circuit and re-wire the device.  I have also had to open and remove the unit multiple times due to broken pins.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device was ok, it worked well enough. It has no buttons on the bottom. I have two of these. I love that it's a digital display, but not all the buttons are that intuitive to use. It doesn't take a long time to set it up. It's nice to be able to have a digital screen in a device like this that you don't have to worry about the batteries dying. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device is junk!!! This thing was made in the 80s! I purchased this about a month ago and was looking forward to getting it working for the first time. I was able to connect to my old computer to transfer my old files. The first thing I did was install the drivers for the hard drive, then the bluetooth adapter, then I tried to connect the device to my computer. The bluetooth device would not connect and it would not turn on. I tried turning off the blutherm on the device, it would then turn back on. My computer would not even recognize the bluterm, it wouldn't boot up. I had to do a hard reset on my computer to get it to recognize the device and I would then be able to turn on the bluiterm. I will never buy another computer with this thing again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    -   The only bad thing is that the charging cables are too short. I need to buy longer ones. The other thing is, the charging ports are all a little loose. I have to be careful to use the charger while plugged in, or the battery will be exposed and the cable won't fit properly. I'm glad that I'm going to have a lot of fun with it, but I wish the batteries lasted longer.  Awesome I'm new to the world of electronic gadgets and this is the first one I have purchased and love it. This is the same product that was sold by a third party retailer for about $20 less than my local store. The battery lasts so long I'm happy. I also have to say that the product arrived in good time and in good condition. The quality is great. It's a little bulky but it's worth the extra cost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ This is a bad product and I do not recommend buying this product. The first thing you will notice is the size of the unit. This unit is small and I am 5'5 and about 150 lbs. I had no issues using the unit but after a few minutes of trying to use the "pancake" style connector for the wireless keyboard and mouse the keyboard would not connect to the mouse. I returned this unit and bought a Dell wireless keyboard that does not have the same problems. I wish I would have read the reviews on this item and never bought this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** This is a very bad item. ************************ I bought the keyboard for my iPhone 5 because I was having trouble getting it to work with my laptop. I went to the Apple store in the mall and bought a new keyboard and a new mouse.    After 2 days, my mouse had the same problem. I called Apple and they said the problem was with the keyboard.  I took the mouse back and returned the keyboard to them.  So far, I have had a total of 4 issues with my Apple products.  The Keyboard   - It is soooo bad. I used it for over 2 weeks and it still gives me problems.  If you do buy it, be aware that it may not work well with your computer.  It is also very difficult to find a store that has it in stock.  This item does not work   I purchased this keyboard and was hoping it would work with the computer I use.  After a few weeks I am still having problems. The problem is that it does not recognize my Macbook Air.  This is not the fault of the keyboard, but of the Mac.  Please do not buy this keyboard   If I could rate this product 0 stars I would. I bought this to replace a broken keyboard and I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for over 2 months and its not working properly, i have been using it for over 5 hours a day with the fan running i keep putting the battery in but it does not charge the battery at all, i had to remove the battery from it and put in a new one i had a brand new charger in my house that wasnt working so i decided to buy this one and its only been a week, it seems like it was made for people like me but since it works as well as it does im going to get another one of these so i wont have to go through this pain and trouble to keep the battery going.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for the past couple months and the battery dies a few weeks after I bought it. It gets pretty hot in my car and the buttons and buttons have a habit of turning off when they shouldnt and it cant be turned back on. the buttons on the back dont work either so no buttons are available. i dont use this product any more but its good that it's out there for people who want something different.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the original k10 for over 10 years. the k10 is still the best value i can find. the original one worked just fine with a little practice. the newer model (with its more powerful processor) still has the best features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had the exact same problem with my iMac in 2010. After 3 days of trying to get the problem fixed, I gave up and went with a new iMac. This time around, I'm not sure if it was because of the defective keyboard or the software. The problem has only been an issue when I use my laptop with my iPhone. The first time I used my iPad, I was able to type without issue. It's still a nice touch to have a keyboard that's a little larger and a bit lighter than my old one, but I'll have to settle for a more responsive iPad keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now. ive never had it stop working properly or after so much use.  i keep it in a small plastic bag, and whenever i want to use it, i take out the bag and throw it in the trash.   i hope it dies before it breaks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The "new" Apple Watch.   It doesn't even charge.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my dad for Christmas, and it is the first item he has ever been disappointed in. First, I had to make a trip to the store for the replacement charger that he ordered. It took forever to find and return, and then there were three different brands of chargers. Finally, I was able to get the one that was the cheapest. The first problem I encountered was that the device would not turn on at all. It would turn on when plugged in, but when I turned it on, the screen would go black. This is when I went back to the Walmart and purchased a second one, and this one is now working properly. The only thing I would change is to have a battery life indicator, as it would be nice if it was possible to see how much battery life the device had left. This would also be helpful if the charger had a "dock" where the charger could attach to the wall to save some time. The next problem I ran into was that it would not connect to my computer. I called Apple and they were able to help me out, and the technician was very helpful in explaining how to do the "two step" process of getting the device to connect and working properly (the second step of connecting is a bit complicated and takes a bit of time to get right). I have a Dell PC, and I think this is one of the few things that I am not a fan of about this device. I have two of the other iPods, and they are all working perfectly. I do have to say, that I would recommend this product if you have a similar device that you are looking to replace.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 2 years, ive used it for everything from video recording to music to a wireless printer, ived never had a problem. one day when i was trying to print from my computer to the printer i noticed it wasnt working. it was as if the usb port was broken,  this is the only usb port i have ever bought. now i need to find a new printer that works with this device.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 28, 2011  The best, but...  by David from San Diego CA USA  Pros: easy to use, fast. Cons: nothing major  Review: This is the best camera I have ever owned. I use it on my phone to record video for my family and friends. I also use it to record my child's soccer games and the games we attend. The resolution is amazing. The video is crisp and clear. I like that I can change the angle of the viewfinder to take better pictures. It is extremely easy to adjust the shutter speed. The built in microphone is excellent. I don't see why anyone would want to buy a better camera.  The only con I have is the lack of a remote release. I've used a wireless remote release with other cameras and it is easy to get used to.    WasThis Review Helpful that works on my Sony NEX-7?  Yes No Tuesday at 06:30 PM by John from Phoenix AZ USA .  the only bad thing is the usb ports on the back. if you buy a new one the only one that will work is the one that came with the camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A nice but very basic portable computer. It works well but lacks the features found on better models. A couple of the buttons do not work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for about a month and I've had two issues: 1) the power button is way to close, and i have to force it open with my finger (like you have to with the rest of the mouse) 2) the scroll wheel is way too hard to turn. the scroll is too sensitive and i just cant get the speed I want. so far I havent had any other issues. so if you're looking for a good all around mouse then this is it. if you are looking for the most accurate mouse possible then this wont be for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a very good monitor and I am very happy with it. I have used a few LCD monitors in the past and this is one of the better ones that I have ever used. The color reproduction is great and the picture is very sharp. The only negative thing I can say about this monitor is that the bottom bezel is extremely thin and it is difficult to adjust the height on the stand. I don't know if I will have to use a screwdriver to get it to the correct height, but it's not too big of a deal. The stand is very sturdy and the monitor stands easily on it. If you are a big fan of the color of the screen, you will not be disappointed with this monitor. If your monitor is a touch sensitive one, I suggest you get the VESA mount instead of the stand as it makes the monitor stand a little flimsy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I received my new e-book reader yesterday and was very disappointed. It is so flimsy. The battery only lasts an hour before dying. This is especially annoying because I can't read on the plane without my e-reader. I would not recommend this product to anyone.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very good, but very expensive product. The battery lasts forever but the battery is not rechargeable. If you get the charger and a case then this thing is perfect.   The sound is amazing.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for years and it still hasnt worked properly in over a year. i had bought it in 2009 and it worked well at first. then a few months later i was having to open the screen to switch the device on. then one day my daughter got it, plugged it in and it just didnt work. she had to open it a few times and try to work it out. now the screen is very cracked. she has to buy a new one. ive only had this for two months now. i would not recommend.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this item for almost a month now and its a piece of junk. i've used it for over 20 hours with very little to no issues, the screen will randomly flash or light up randomly (no reason to not have this device, it just doesnt work), its not battery efficient and its very noisy, it doesnt have a mic (which i'm using it for video conferencing and its annoying because you have to turn the device off and on to do video conf) and its really hard to set up. i'm a professional videographer and i'd like a little more power than this. i would recommend that you wait for a refund or wait for another model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device works well but it's a little cumbersome to use. I was looking for a simple way to record my daily workouts. This is the device for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen is great but the battery is terrible. I have the 16gb and this battery is horrible. I can barely get 4 hours on a full charge and I am very disappointed with this device. I will probably never buy this again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 29, 2015  Great product  by Brian from New York, NY USA  Review: The product is fantastic. The only reason I gave this a 4 star is because the instructions could use a little more explanation. .  the directions say to plug the device in and use the "Quick Start" feature, which I found confusing. I had to go to the instructions to find out what I needed to do. 's  was not very clear to me as to how long I needed the battery to last. I found that it is very easy to replace the battery, which makes sense. The battery is small enough that it can be placed in a small pouch and placed in the side pocket of a jacket. , the device is very light and fits in my hand. -I am extremely satisfied with this product  to get the battery replaced, I would have to go through the instructions again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an ok product but I would not recommend to anyone. The sound is good but I feel it is a little bit too loud, the touch screen is a bit annoying as well. It was very annoying when I had to call someone who had a dead phone line.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for about a year now and the battery life is terrible. everytime i switch it on its in the middle of a game. and i hate this device so much that i dont even want to use it. ive spent more money on this device and i can get better performance on a higher end device. i can only get 3 games out of this device on a good day and that is with the most powerful games.    Overall I will give this product a 4 out of 5 because it is a great gamepad and the price is very good. However, if you are looking for the best gamepad out there and dont want to spend the $100 to $150 to get the better gaming experience and quality from a lower price. Then this is the best you can get at this price.   Rated 5 out of 6 by nikki m from Best Gamepad for Xbox One I bought this for my wife for xbox one. We played a few games before we made the purchase and it was a perfect fit. The controller is sturdy and looks great. The buttons are very responsive and the triggers are great. We were able to get 3+ hours of play time before it got low on battery. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a great Xbox one controller.  From: From:  Rating: Date Added:  the controller is good the buttons are responsive and well made. the battery is low and you have to use the bluetooth to charge it but i have a charger and it works just fine. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had a lot of issues with this item so far.  The first time I tried to connect it, the plastic cable fell out and I had to put the whole thing back together.    After that, the device wouldn't work.  The next time, I used a battery, but the USB cable was still broken, so I just plugged the whole device into the laptop.  Now it won't power on the laptop and I've had to return it to Best Buy.  This is a good little gadget if you have a small tablet, but I think Best Buy should've just bought a replacement for the broken USB cable.  4.0 out of 5.0 stars If you've got a computer, you're probably using a mouse, keyboard, and monitor to control your computer.  For the most part, these devices work just fine.  I can't say that they are super perfect, but most of the time I can get by with them.  However, I've seen some bad reviews about the touchpad on some models.  Some users have even reported that the touchpads don't work at all.  Thankfully, there are plenty of other models out there that work great.  You might be wondering why I'm mentioning the touch pad at all, because the touchscreen is also very good.  It's a touch screen that can scroll through text, but also does some pretty advanced gestures such as clicking, swiping, pinch zooming, and swiping to zoom.  Even though it's touch screen, the trackpad is much better.  A lot of people have complained about the small size of the track pad, but it actually works really well.  There's a dedicated button for the scroll wheel that helps make navigating around the interface much easier.  If you're looking for a good touch screen on a tablet, look no further than the ASUS Transformer Book T100TA-B01. 1.5 out of 2 stars
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice sound card, but it is very heavy and does not take up a lot of room in the laptop. It does not work with the USB2.0 ports on my MacBook Pro (see the video below). This is why I did not give it five stars.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** The device works fine for my purposes. It was designed to plug in to a wall socket and not the wall itself, but the socket is on the bottom of the unit and is too close to the wall. I got the smaller one for my living room and this one fits perfectly. The unit is so small that you have to put the charger in with the unit to keep it from falling over. The small plug is just right and the unit works well. I also bought the wireless option to be able to use my smart phone while it's plugged in. This device is a bargain but I would prefer a unit that doesn't fall over. I recommend the small one if you are looking for a simple, inexpensive and compact way to charge a cell phone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Simple and powerful This product is great! It's so easy to set up, and has a really nice long range, and can be used as a smart charger for any phone (i.e. Android, IOS, Windows) and it even supports other smart devices such as Amazon Echo. I've been using it with my phone for the last few weeks, and it's very convenient to have all my phone's apps on a single unit. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device to do some light electronic work. I have been using a usb to serial adapter for years and was pretty pleased with it until I found this one. I've used it for a week now, and the micro usb connector is the only thing that keeps the device from falling apart when plugged in. When you plug it in, you have to use a special cable to make sure that the micro USB is the correct one and it works. I would not recommend this device unless you are trying to work with a micro USB cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 3 weeks now, the battery is great but the screen is horrible, and the micro usb port is useless, it works perfectly with a usb hub but the hub just cant make the connection so it cant charge my phone and im not sure if the micro port is bad or if its a bad usb hub. so i got a dslr with a good screen and a usb port and the battery life is much better on the dsl and the wifi is much faster and more stable. i love the phone but the battery sucks and its not worth it, so sad because this phone is so good
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iBod is great, I bought the bluetooth one to replace my iphone6, it is so nice to have an easy way to check my weight and exercise with my phone.   I bought a iphones but not sure if it would work with the iBods, i am very disappointed with this purchase. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have only owned the Sennheiser HD800 for about a year and it's the first one I've bought that's failed me. I was going to buy a Sony, but decided to give the HD800 a chance and it has only gotten worse with time. I've had the unit for about 4 years now, and I've always had some sort of noise when I played music on it. I haven't heard it for years, but when I went to use it for the first time it was full of static and static and the volume would go up and down when I turned it on. I thought maybe the battery had died and when I took it out I noticed it was still going. I'm not sure what to do, as I've tried everything to get the thing to work. My friends have tried every possible fix they can think of. I have an extra one to sell as I'm done with it.   Would I recommend this to a friend:   No. The headphone itself is great, but the software is horrible. I purchased the software with the idea that it would be a better way to control the sound than just turning on and off the volume. It wasn't, it just made it more difficult to play music. I think that I'll probably just put it in a box, and sell it for scrap.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I ordered a replacement for my iphone 6 and they said my phone was "damaged" and the phone is not working on the new unit. It doesn't even turn on! The seller was nice and told me it would be sent out. Well I get an email saying my phone has been damaged and that they don't make them anymore. I had to return the item! I had my phone replaced with another iphono. I am really pissed off and will never purchase from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my iPhone, but I'm disappointed with the design. The screen is a big white circle. The phone is a plastic shell with a metal back and a plastic screen. The buttons are cheap plastic buttons that don't feel as good as the iPhone 5s. I was really hoping for a plastic case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst products I have ever used. I was told it would give me 10 hours of battery life, but it only lasted about 5 hours. It would be fine for me, but not for others. It also came in the same box as the $25 phone charger I bought from Amazon and I don't think it's the same product.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Horrible product, bad packaging This is a bad product. If it is supposed to last a day then why are you putting it in a box that looks like the old Atari 2600? I had to send it back, but I was already sold on a different brand.  is this worth it? I've had to replace this battery with a spare in the past but it's always the same problem: the battery is dead when it gets too hot. I'm using a samsung galaxy s5 and it has always lasted longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* This is the WORST, the most unreliable electronic device I have ever used. I had bought it because the other one that came with my TV broke. The other one was working fine. I just wanted to try a cheaper option. I don't care that I will need to pay for a new one when this one breaks. It's going to break eventually. It is completely worthless. My wife will not use it anymore. We tried the first one on the wall and it did not work. We put it on the table but it didn't work either. It was like the screen was covered with a piece of plastic. I thought it was broken when I put it in the wall. It has been in the same room with us since January and it's still in perfect condition. If you are going to buy one don't waste your money on this one. I have been a customer of Home Depot for 5 years and have never had such a bad experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased the HP Compaq Presario 1415 for a work project and had been looking for a good machine with good features for about a year. This machine is not only a good deal at a very good price, but also an excellent machine. This computer can do everything I need it to do, but the graphics, sound, and touch screen are the worst I have seen in a computer. I can only use the computer to read and write to a hard drive, and the sound is so bad I can't even listen to music, and when I try to do it with music, it just plays a recording. I would not recommend this to a friend.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the G-CAM HD 4K video camera as a gift for my husband and he's been wanting one for awhile. He loves it but it has only worked a few times. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because I have yet to find a better value for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ When I purchased the first model I loved it, but after 3 months of use it started to fail on me. It would not turn on in the morning and would fail to connect to the router or wireless access point it was paired to. I was extremely disappointed when it failed so I returned it and got a refund. I also tried the newer model, and while it does turn on and connect to a wireless access points it is much slower and more unstable. I have not found another brand that works as well as the old model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for about two years, and its pretty bad, in my opinion. ive had it for a while, and I have noticed that the screen does not work well.  I have to go back to a old computer every so often to check emails, etc.  I've heard that the batteries in the old ones were pretty cheap, but I have not been able to find a replacement battery for it, and it does not last very long.    The batteries do not last as long as they were designed to, so I guess they arent that much better, but they are still pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My son is very disappointed in his new laptop and he wants a refund because the computer is not as good as it used to be. He tried to go through the online troubleshooting guide, but was told that the computer will not be repaired. He even tried to send in a warranty claim but they did not accept the claim.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is an excellent portable digital music player. I am a big fan of portable music players because they are very portable and they play your entire music collection from CD's or DVDs. However, I was disappointed that the batteries only lasted for 2-3 hours. I have never used a battery powered device before, so I was very disappointed. However the sound is still very good. I wish it was a little bit bigger so I could store my iPod inside it. However this is a great device for the price, especially for those of us who are looking for a portable digital player.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It works but i had to use a lot of time to figure it out. It is good for the price but needs to be a bit more flexible to make the buttons more useful.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 05, 2014  Excellent  by Brian from Los Angeles CA USA  Review: This is my first digital watch and I can see it working. It looks like the one on the picture. The buttons are all very responsive. It would be nice if the time would be printed to the back of the watch but I think it will do just fine. It does not seem to be waterproof but it seems like it is because I can't get the watch on and off the watch strap without getting water in it. Overall I'm very happy with my purchase. 's first digital device and it has turned out to be great. It's easy to use and does what it is supposed to do. The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is that I'm a bit disappointed with the color scheme. I don't know if I just didn't like the design or if this color scheme just does not work for me but this is a huge issue for me and will probably be a deal breaker for many. Other than that I am happy and it looks great.  to top it off, I've just gotten this and am using it as my primary watch now. It takes a while to set up but it's not a huge deal. The strap is very comfortable and does not dig into my wrist.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is so slow! It has a bad build quality, poor sound quality and has no way to charge it! It's also not very bright. It's a complete waste of my money and I'll never buy another one!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: wnk2
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year and have had no issues. its great for a quick phone call and i would recommend this to anyone who is on the go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A bad purchase   The monitor was broken and the box was full of bad components.   I had to purchase a new monitor. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. The keyboard is terrible. It's terrible because it doesn't have any kind of backlight and you have to hold the key down to see what you're doing. If you're looking to type on a keyboard with a backlight, you should look at a laptop instead.   2. The battery life is terrible, but you'll still probably get through a day with it, unless you want to carry a backup battery with you. I was able to get around 2-3 days out of the battery on my last one, but this one is even worse. I can't get through an entire day with this one. I've already been charging it for about a day and a half to see how it does, but it doesn a lot of charging to make it last a full day.  -1 star for the keyboard and the battery life.  : I love this keyboard. I'm an engineer, and it's just perfect. I use it to type up a document, and the keyboard feels nice to the touch. The backlighting is nice and bright, and I love that I can turn off the keyboard without changing anything on the computer. The keys feel nice, and they don't have that "tactile feedback" that some mechanical keyboards can give you.   of course, I could be biased. I love my old mechanical keyboards, and this one definitely feels better to me than the keyboard I got from Apple.   (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have a good problem with my tablet. It doesn't power up all the time and it is very hot. I had to return it. I don't know why I did not just return the battery or at least the charger. I do not recommend this product. I have had other products before that didn't work like this one did.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: jonnyjames
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********  A very low quality product that is hard to use. I used it as an external drive and the drive would only hold a small amount of data. It was very slow and would not even let me write to it. I would recommend that you do not buy this product.  Great, but not perfect: ********************  Very well made and well built. I love the way it is set up. The only issue I have is that it is a bit too big for my desk, but that's a good thing, and I am able to get the computer to sit on my desk. My only gripe is that the power switch is a little too close to the front panel, and that can cause some vibration if I turn the device on and off quickly, and this is an issue I had with my previous laptop and the one I bought from B&H. But if that's an issue for you, that's fine. Overall, I love it, and would definitely recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several of these and they all have a very long battery life and a very poor battery life. Ive had to replace a few of them because they are just not lasting the life that they should be. I use them for everything from watching movies to playing games. This is one of those devices that will work for a few hours then the battery is going to die. This would be a very good item if the battery was a little longer but if your on the fence this may be a good purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a backup to my iPhone 5 because I'm on the road a lot and I like to have a backup for my phone, but it's a lot less convenient than the iPhone 5, especially the way the screen is too small for my needs. I wish there were more apps that were compatible with this phone, especially for games. It's a good device for people who have older iPhones or are just trying to keep it safe.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this unit for my home, which is a rather old computer and printer combination. The unit worked great until about two weeks ago. I have had it for 2 months now, and I was able to print several pages of text and pictures. However, one day, I opened my printer, and found that the paper was completely disintegrating. It was like the paper had been burned. My printer was not just the paper, but the whole cartridge. I had to have it replaced. I also found out that the cartridge that held the paper on the cartridge was falling off, as well. I contacted Apple Support, and they told me that they do not make a "slam" type replacement for the cartridges. That means I will have to buy another cartridge. Not a good solution, especially if I need to print something for a class. I hope that the company does not discontinue this product, because I would love to buy a better printer. It would be nice to be able to buy paper and a cartridge.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The batteries in this one are terrible! The battery's on it are always dead after just a few months, and the whole thing just keeps dying! I've had it for 4 months and it's still dead. I can't believe this. I bought it because I'm always looking for a way to save money. If I didn't have a good job, this thing would be a better buy than my cell phone. This is the only thing I'd recommend! I'd go out and get the cheaper one but I'd rather have the good battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a small portable speaker that is easy to use and portable. this one is great! my husband loves it and i like it more. its small and easy to hold in my hands. it is very loud and clear. i have no complaints. i also found a good way to mount the speakers and make them easier to move from one place to another. i hope you can find a way to sell this product at a lower price
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for a friend's birthday, and it didn't work right away. When I first plugged it in, the sound was terrible. After a couple minutes, I was able to make a call, but then the phone line went dead. I tried plugging it back in to see if it would work, but nothing worked. After another couple minutes of trying, I decided to call a friend and she couldn't get a signal, either. I had to give it away to someone who's older than I am.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have to say I was VERY surprised with this purchase. The product is great, but after using the headset, the microphone was not working. I called the company and they said that it was a manufacturing defect. I contacted the company to ask about a return or exchange and was told I would have to send it back to the store that made it and that I would get a refund. I did not get a reply to that email. I have already sent a second email asking about a refund, but have not heard back. I am very disappointed in this product and will not be purchasing another one from here or anywhere else. This company will not give a good customer experience. I will only be purchasing products from Amazon, B&H or Ebay when I am purchasing a large quantity.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit was bad from the beginning. It had been used before and I had to be really careful not to damage anything when moving things around on the unit. The unit is easy to use and is pretty good for what it is.  It is easy enough to replace if you need to but I would have expected better quality in this price range.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my iphone for a few months and i found out that there is a flaw on the iphones software. ive bought several different iphonestos from different ico companies and they all had the same issue. when i connect my ico device to the computer, the device turns on but nothing is displayed on the screen. when I turn on the computer to connect to the ico i get a red screen. this has happened to other people as well. i was really looking forward to using my computer and i will try again but ive had a bad experience so far.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, March 23, 2009  I bought one as a present and the other I was using. Both work as advertised but one would light up and blink and one would not. I got a replacement but that did not work either. .  (Posted on 2/28/2008)  Perfect  by Peter from Portland OR USA  Pros: I have had it for almost a month now, and I love it. It works very well.  the only con I have is that I have no control over the settings. If I would have known this I would not have bought it. 's are great to have. If you are having trouble finding your device it is helpful. , (Posted 1/19/2008).  Great Product  Reviewer: David B from Ontario Canada  "I have the imei 9500 and the ime 9500P and both work fine.  and I am sure they work fine for many others.  in my case the ich9500 works great but the iveme 9500 does not.  a few times now the light on the device has flashed and I can't find it to turn it on. It's very annoying.  said about the imme9500 the only thing I've noticed is the ike box. It gets warm when I use the phone in the ixpensive. " (Posted 9/17/2007)  and the only problem is that the ikone i think that's the one that's a problem I bought the ida 9500 in a bundle with the izotope ike and that didn't work and I got the ima one and it worked fine and then when I switched over to ida I got my ime9500 back
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________  I got this for my husband as a Christmas present. We both love computers and the tablet works well for both of us. The problem is that we can't have a real computer in the house because of our allergies. My husband says the tablet doesn't work well when he puts the tablet in his lap and he gets a lot of screen glare. Also the tablet only has a micro SD card that is very small. I think we will have to go to a larger size because of the size of the tablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ This thing sucks! I bought it because I had been wanting to have a laptop/tablet on my desk. I figured I could buy a desktop to use with my phone and this would be the perfect solution. I used it a lot in the past week and it's completely useless. The screen is pretty bad, so I can't play much, but it's pretty nice for what I need it for. But it's the worst thing I've bought this year.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a lot of electronic devices and the iBook is the only one that I have to constantly worry about and i have been on a strict diet since it came out. the only thing that can really be said about the book is that it is very descriptive and easy to read. I'm happy i bought this. i dont think it's a bad book but the only reason i rated it 3 stars is because it was written before the iBooks i had. the i-pads are very expensive, but i dont recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product is the best one for the price.   I can buy one at the same time and save a lot of money.  The one I bought for my phone is very good.  I will buy this product again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the apple ipad touch for a few weeks now and its just a big disappointment. it has to be the worst ipad i've ever used, the screen just isnt great. its like someone took an ipad and shrunk it. Ive used my ipad for years and never had a bad experience, but the touch is just not up to par. i cant imagine how someone could buy this thing expecting it to perform better. the touch doesnt even compare to the ipad pro.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark C from Apple's first true tablet! I bought this tablet on Black Friday and haven't looked back. It is perfect for reading books, playing games, browsing the web and even watching movies on a movie night. I love the touch screen for it's versatility and the included case is very nice. The only complaint I have is that the battery life is not as good as the ipads.  is the only reason I bought the ipod touch. It's just so nice to have this thing on your lap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 years and it is still failing. I have a cheap laptop with a cheap display and an old hard drive. I am on the hunt for a good laptop or laptop that will last. This device is useless. Its so thin, its hard to get the touchpad to work. I bought this device for my son who is learning how to use a computer. It works fine for him but for me, it just gets so old. The quality is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this item for over two years now. It works well. The only thing is that there is a problem with the battery and it has failed. If you are on the fence about buying this, get it because you wont regret it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I bought this device to replace my laptop's external hard drive, and it's working great. The hard drive is fast and it can be easily moved to different computers.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second computer and I had my doubts when I bought this one. I was a little worried about it not being as good as my previous one because it is new. I am so glad I got it because I love my computer. It was easy to set up, easy to use, very quick to boot up. I don't have to wait for a connection to a PC to download software or any other tasks. I love the keyboard too, very nice and soft to the touch. I use it almost exclusively and I'm not sure if I'm going to buy another computer but I do know that I'm definitely going to order one for my husband.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the s3 for over a month and its been the worst device ive owned. its terrible. the camera is a joke, the software sucks, the battery life sucks. just my two cents.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I bought this product I was expecting something awesome but the build quality was just so-so, it was ok but not good. The speakers were pretty good for a sub $100 speaker but the sound quality was very disappointing. I would not recommend this product to anyone as I purchased this just for the subwoofer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Lenovo T440s with 8GB of memory and the HD 620. This is a very expensive computer with a high spec set. I was impressed with the build quality and screen quality. I installed windows 8.1, ran the latest drivers, installed a few programs (such as Firefox) and got the computer to boot. Unfortunately, the display was not working. After a couple of days of trying to fix it, I decided to try a different laptop. I chose this laptop over another Lenovo with a lower spec set (T440). I had some issues with the keyboard and touchpad. I decided this was a computer that would get better over time, so I decided not to buy another Lenovo. I will continue to purchase a new Lenovo and hope that I never have any issues.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speakers were loud, the sound quality was okay, and the software is terrible. The battery life is terrible, it gets hot and makes a lot of noise. It has a weird button that doesn't work, and its touch screen is weird and hard to use. The speakers are loud, sound quality is okay, software is horrible. The batteries last for about a week, and are only about 5 hours. I bought this because it's an Xbox and I wanted a good TV for my house, but it's just not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I was a little disappointed when I saw that this device is "not compatible" with an Apple Keyboard. I was hoping to get a keyboard that I could plug into my Mac, but now I'm wondering if I can't use a mouse or a touchscreen device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great item, but the battery died while it was in my pocket. It's a great product but I'm not buying another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this unit is extremely slow.  The unit has a USB port for connecting an external hard drive, and the USB port is very slow. I had to go through 5 different USB cables to get my computer up and running, and then a second drive to get the unit working.   The only thing that keeps me from giving this a 0 is because I don't know if the USB cables were just bad, or if the unit is a bad unit that I just got. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ ------------- ------------ This is the worst piece of crap I have ever bought. It took me forever to install it. After I finally did, I noticed it had a weird sound when I turned on the light. It was a high pitched squealing sound. So I bought the $35 part that would fix it. I did not read the instructions very carefully and didn't realize how difficult this thing was to install. When I got it home, I tried to put it on and the light came on. So after about an hour of trying to figure out what the problem was, I took it back to the store. The store gave me a new one but only for the $10 that was wrong with mine. I have had this thing for a week and I have not been able to turn on the lights. My son is now going to have to put his own in the car because the car isn't even going to turn it on. I am so annoyed at this company that I will never buy a product from them again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The touchpad on this is awful! The screen has a lag that I have never seen before. This could easily be fixed with a software update and the battery life is just pathetic. The mouse buttons are very mushy and the keyboard is just a mess to use. It's just a bad experience and it's going back to a Mac.  Write a positive review about the quality of the product:    " The laptop is as advertised and the included software is excellent. The keyboard is good quality and the touchpad is good. The performance is good and the built in speakers are loud. I use this to work on my computer and my other machines. The included software works great."  Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 2 years now. i love the fact that the camera has a wide angle lens but the auto focus is terrible. I have to put the phone in my pocket or my purse and use my hand to try and focus on the camera to take a picture. the only thing good about this phone is the battery life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  ROKU is a wonderful device.  I can't recommend it enough.    I was looking for a wireless receiver for my iphone.  The  unit I purchased worked great and was easy to install.  I would  recommend this  device to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If I have to give a bad review, it's because I've been in a situation where I've had to replace a faulty computer. After reading a review where a person said that it only worked once, I bought this and used it for about a month now, and the first time I used it, it froze up. Then I tried the update program to fix the problem and it did the same thing. So, I then purchased a new computer to replace it with. It worked fine until about a week after the new computer was installed, it still froze up, I called to get a replacement, but the guy said they don't have any more of these, and I was forced to wait a month to get another one. I don't know if the original person is still alive or if they just don't make anymore, but I guess you get what you pay for.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I was very happy with my Samsung S3 - but it has a problem that I wish I had known about before I bought it. --------------------------- It started to get hot.  ------------------------ I bought this with a high resolution display and a battery that would last a very long time. ------------------- The S3 is a great device.  ------------------ The only bad thing about the phone is that the screen doesn't stay on for very long, so you have to charge it more often than most other phones. --------------- The battery is pretty small. -------------- I was impressed with the design and features, but the lack of a removable battery is a huge disappointment. ------------- I don't see the point in spending $800 on a phone. ------------ The battery lasts a long time, but it's not very big and has no way to replace the battery without taking it apart. -------------------------------------- I have to agree with most of the negative comments about the S3. _____________ So if you want a great looking phone that can last a long while, you need to buy a Galaxy S3 or you'll be disappointed. ____________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    -I'm pretty sure it is a flop. The price is way too high, and I wouldn't even get this if I had the money. The battery lasts so little and the software is so limited, I'm not sure I'll ever use it.   I had a Samsung flip phone a couple years ago and I have never regretted my purchase. I have also used a few different brands of flip phones and they all have some pretty good features and decent battery life. The Samsung flip is a great value and I will never go back to anything else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since its original release and its been through so many changes. The original had the "magic" touch screen that made it great but it was horrible to use. The new one (the black one) is a nice touch screen but the battery is not rechargeable. I have used it to do internet research and it has worked fine but its not a replacement for a laptop. Theres also no removable battery and it just gets smaller every year. The only positive thing i can say is that it can be charged with the usb port.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this thing for a while and never got around to buying a new one. This one is a pain in the ass. I use it to store my DVD's and I've only been able to play about 3 out of 10. The sound is horrible and you can hear the TV if you look closely. The battery is a joke and I'd rather buy another cheap one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A friend of mine had a very bad experience with a Sony Vaio laptop. The laptop was purchased from a third party. The warranty was not valid. The owner of the laptop was extremely rude and unfriendly. He even asked if he was "going to have a problem with the warranty". I bought the laptop for a friend to use on his own computer. He ended up sending me a $50 credit to his bank account to compensate for the damages. The experience is the reason I have not recommended Sony products for years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My wife got this phone and we love it. The sound is very clear. The picture quality is very good. However, there are no instructions for use with the wireless network. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. It is just not very good and a waste of money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 18, 2010  A good deal  by A Customer from Elkhart, IN USA  Pros: Fast, reliable  Cons: None  Review: Good phone. The internet connection is fast and stable.  a good deal for the money. It doesn't get any better than this. ,  I would buy this product again.  is this review helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a couple of months now. i am currently in the process of upgrading my phone to a better one. i love the phone itself, i just wish it would be able to connect to my wifi and be more secure. i'm just using my phone as a work phone and the only thing i can't get is the camera to be able too take photos from my android phone (i dont have a camera phone on my android and i would love to be on the go).  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 11, 2012  This is a great phone  by Andrew from Richmond VA USA  Pros: Great design. Great build quality. A great price.  Cons: Battery life is ok, but it's nothing to get excited about. .  I wish that the camera had an external mic.  and that the battery life would be better. 's a great design. , but, it'snothing to getexcited about.Batteries are a bit weak, but that's to be expected for the price.I wish thatthe camera had acamera and that'sto be expected,but, it has the basics  View All Customer Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I am not impressed with the performance of this device. I bought this because I wanted a device that I could have on the road for traveling with my camera. This works great in the way that you need a computer to do certain functions and I have the computer on the other side of the room and this device is located in my hotel room. However, the camera is not very good and takes a long time to capture a photo. The flash is very weak and I find that it is very difficult to get good photos even in bright daylight. Overall, I think I will not be buying a camera with this product again.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this in January. I am a fan of Sony, but this is a disappointment. The camera is slow and buggy. I have the latest firmware and it still isn't as good as the previous model. If you want to record video, you should get the A7r. I would have rather waited for a better model with more features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - April 5, 2016 Great product but not for me.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, June 23, 2016  Great Product  by Daniel from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: The quality of this product is outstanding, it has the same features as the "Boeing 747" except for the more expensive price. The screen is big and clear. It's easy to use. It even has a keypad that you can type on. You can't beat the value.  The only con is that it's not the right size for a home computer, so it's really only for use at a home office.    Was This Review Helpful not for you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My last electronic device was a Dell computer. I love it, but the keyboard is terrible, the monitor is tiny, the speakers are bad, and the battery is bad. I wish I had known about the $100 upgrade and saved some money. Rating: When I bought my first home PC, I was blown away by the specs: 256 MB of RAM, a Pentium MMX, a 1GB hard drive, and an Intel 80286 processor.  The price was right: $500.  I thought I was a pretty good bargain. When it arrived, however, I had one issue: the monitor was a little too small.    I wanted to play Quake III on my TV.  The PC was too small to accommodate that.  After a lot of research and the help of a few friends, I found that a very inexpensive monitor was available for only a few hundred dollars: the Dell 23" monitor.  A few weeks later, I bought the monitor. It worked out just fine, and I bought a new keyboard and monitor for a few thousand. The thing about a $400 monitor is that it has to be plugged into a power supply, and it has a horrible picture quality.  It looks like it was shot on the side of the moon.  While it does work for gaming, the picture quality is horrible.  I had an old CRT monitor that I kept on the floor.  When it broke, I wanted a new one.  One day, I decided to search the Internet and found a site that sells these old monitors.  At first I thought that it was going to cost me a few thousands, but I figured I could sell the monitor for something like $100.  Then I looked it up and realized that it cost me about $100 to buy a monitor like this: So that's a $200 difference.  What's the big deal?  My old monitor was really, really small, but it was also old and broke.  So it cost less to buy the same monitor for only $100, than it did to buy an old monitor and pay $200 to have it fixed.  And, it's much more convenient to buy that monitor than it is to buy one of those ugly CRT monitors.   So if you want a $100 monitor that doesn't look like it cost a million, and if you are looking to save a few bucks, the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the same exact ipad mini 3 for 2 years now. i used it for a while, but i can not stand it. i have to use the tablet with a keyboard. the keys are mushy and the buttons are too small. i can only use it with a bluetooth keyboard. i also can not recommend this ipad for anything else. this is my 3rd ipad. the previous two were perfect. but this one is a disappointment.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Biker from Good little gadget I've had mine for about two years now and I've only used it a handful of times. It's a great little device for what I use it for - listening to music, watching video clips, etc. I do wish it had a bit more battery life though. I've used it on a few trips with my camera and have never used the built in mic or speakers. The battery life is good though, even though it's a bit bulky and heavy. .  a little too heavy for me, but that's just me. the battery is not removable though. i do have to connect it with the usb cord to use it though. the screen does need a bit of work, but it's easy to fix if you don't mind a bit extra work. it's just an average looking device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I have used this keyboard for about 3 years now, and I LOVE IT!!! I am able to type on this thing at my desk, at work, and on the plane. The only issue I have is that the backlighting is very dim. I am only able to see about 2 lines at a time, but it can still be useful at night. Other than that, the keys are well-made and feel great. The case is very nice, as is the keyboard itself. I would definitely buy this keyboard again, and would definitely recommend it to a friend!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a seagate usb hard drive for a while now, and it works great as a single drive. i also had a macbook pro, which has a hard drive that is not as good as the one in my seagate. i just got this one, and i can tell it is just as good. i was worried that it would be cheap, and that i would be limited by the software. however, it works just fine, and is much cheaper. i am very happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing has the most annoying "sound" ever. It was like a static noise when I was playing. And when I tried to turn the volume up, the sound didn't go away but kept on playing. It also had this annoying sound when I would turn it on and off. I purchased this item in the hope that it would work better, but the sound just is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a lot of different electronic devices, from computers to cell phones to cameras.  When I bought this item I was pretty excited because I was a big fan of the new Moto G (my other favorite) and thought that this would be a nice upgrade.   It was a disappointment, as the phone is so small and the screen is so tiny.  I would have loved if Motorola had just given us the phone and not the stupid case.  The camera on this phone is just okay, not great, but not terrible.  There is no support, so if your phone breaks you are going to be out of luck.  A nice idea is that the battery lasts so long because it has a very low self-discharge rate.  So if you're looking for a cheap phone, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a little over 2 years now and its the most expensive piece of gear i have bought. The display on the device is very hard to read and i find the button layout very difficult to use. ive never had any trouble with this device. i have to replace the screen every couple of years or so. its a bad piece of equipment to have, but its the best ive ever used. ve bought other similar devices but this is by far the best.   PROS:  Easy to use  Display is very good  Flexible and well built  Battery life is good .  Good battery life  Cons:    No SD card slot (not needed)  No built in wireless.     BOTTOM LINE: if you are looking for a good display with an amazing screen, the e-cigvape v2 is a good option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a g2 for about a month now and its been just fine so far. i got it with a keyboard and the buttons were a bit stiff so i changed the keyboard so i can get the buttons to press a little easier. but other than that the g2 is perfect and will probably be my main laptop for the next few years.   The g2 will be fine with my current setup of:  -intel x3-640  --i7 2600k  ---nvidia 9400m  (and maybe a few other cards too)   -g2  so far the g-2 is holding up quite well, its fast enough and i havent had any issues. if youre looking for a laptop for light usage its not going to cut it. the g3 is just too heavy and doesnt have the battery life as much as the g1.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work.  I bought it thinking it was a good deal.    It doesn't do anything for me.  The first thing that happened was that the phone couldn't make a call.  I tried calling the phone number and it didn't work either.  After that, the only thing I could do was call the company to get a replacement.  That is what I got and I have a feeling that I won't be getting any more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The main reason that I am leaving my last good one, the Samsung F900N, is the battery. The first thing I noticed about the F900 was that it was way too big to hold comfortably in my pocket and it was a pain in the ass to hold. So, when I decided to upgrade, I chose the Samsung NX1 because it had the same specs but with the added benefit of having a smaller battery and less weight. And after a month of use, I have to say I am not impressed. The NX1 has very good battery life, but it just doesn't hold up well. I'm on a two-week battery replacement and have noticed no difference. The battery life is still good, but I've been told that I need to get a new battery or the phone is dead. Also, the battery does not hold a charge very well. It will take me longer to charge my phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I was very excited to get this. I purchased it as soon as I saw the pictures online and was very pleased when I got it in the mail. It works great and is very lightweight. However, after a week of using it, the screen keeps changing and is flickering. I have the laptop, and have not had any problems in the past with this brand. I will be returning this item as I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not that the speaker is bad, but the volume controls are too sensitive. I like to use the volume knob to control my speakers, so when it gets to the point where I can't hear a word, I know something is wrong. This is a problem in any speaker, but this is particularly bad in an audiophile device.  In fact, the sound is almost unlistenable when it comes to volume.  I'm sure a better amp could be built into this speaker, or a better design for the controls. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iphone iphones have a very slow processor that is hard to get the best performance from and when the battery dies the screen becomes very small and the processor is no where near what it used to be. I don't recommend this phone unless you really want a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my daughter because she has a hard time writing in her journal or keeping a diary. It's very easy to use and I would highly recommend it to anyone who has trouble with writing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this as a replacement for my old iPhone 3G. I liked it at first, but quickly got tired of having to use my mouse to turn the screen on and off. Also, it has a hard time powering on if you leave it on the charger for too long. Overall, I am glad I didn't buy this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my iphone for a year now, and i wouldnt say it's a great device. i have the iphones 4 and the 6 and have tried all the different phones, this is the worst one ive had, the battery isnt as long lasting as i want it to be, and the battery life is a joke. the design of the device is very good, the screen is very nice, the imei i got is different than the ics, but the device itself is the same and the same as the ips 4. ive read many people saying the ipx has a better camera, but i feel like it's not as good as the one on the ices 6. i would give it a 3 star if it came with a 3d touch but you still have to pay extra to get that feature.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a few of these and they arent bad in quality, just the wrong size. the small one has a hard time working and the large one isnt as good, but its ok.  Rated 4 out of 5 by John from Very good for a small portable tool This is my second one. I have a number of other products from other companies but I use this one for all my small tools. I use it to turn a wrench and it is very good. I was a little worried about the battery life but the battery lasts the full day.  the only thing is the cord isnt long enough for a full extension cord. It could be a problem if you are trying to use a lot of tools. The battery has a low capacity so you might want to charge it more often. The tools it comes with are not the best but they are small and very effective for the price.  a little bulky but it works great.  and the size is perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ The unit worked fine until the battery died. When I got home from work the next day, it wouldn't turn on. I took it to the local repair store and they said they would replace it. It would not charge and when I plugged in the charger to get it started, it would not work. I finally decided to try to charge it with a different charger and that worked fine. I am very disappointed. It seems like this unit is very good at doing the things it was designed to do. But, when it gets a bad power supply or a dead battery, the unit doesn't work at all. So, unless you need the feature of being able to change your battery, you are better off buying another device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works great with a lot of different devices The G-Shock G1 Watch was a very expensive investment, but I am really happy with it. I'm currently using it with the Fitbit Charge 2 to track my steps and calories burned. It's a little bigger than the original G-Shocks (3.5 inches tall) and it has a small screen, but its got a lot going for it. When it works, it's a great way to stay motivated to exercise and watch my Fitbit activity.  of course I was going to wait for the next model to get the newer screen, I have been very pleased with the watch and the battery life. , and it was very easy to set up, with all the necessary features like sleep tracking, and sleep alarm. I have had no problems with it yet and am very happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a lot of problems with this unit.  First of all, the buttons are too small to click on the screen.    The touchpad is too small.  I would not buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have bought the iPhone 5 for about a year now and have loved it. I am on my 6th or 7th iPhone and it seems to be getting more and more reliable each year. The only thing that makes me want to replace my iPhone is the lack of a camera.   I like the new design of the iPhone 6 and the camera is very good. But I wish they would have included a micro SD card in the new iPhone and made it removable.  This review was accurate when it was published.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is an absolutely horrible product and I will never buy this again! I have a laptop with a USB cable that is very good but this does not have any usb. I have the computer hooked up to a 3 USB hub and then I use a laptop stand with a usb plug and this just adds to the confusion. I really don't want to spend any more money on a bad device because I'm just not happy with it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________   It's a great little device, but the micro SD slot is extremely tiny and you will have to remove a lot of the SD cards to get a decent amount of memory on the card. I also have a problem with it freezing up on me every time I insert a new card. It would randomly shut off and wouldn't power up.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this keyboard after searching on the internet for a replacement. After several hours of using it, it failed. When I tried to type again, the key was jammed in the "home" position, which caused the whole keyboard to move up and down. It was really annoying. I'm not sure how it will work, but I can't say I'm happy with the product. It would have been nice if it was better quality, but overall, I'm going to stick with my mechanical keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really love this device and it has been a great investment for me. I had read some good reviews on the device and decided to give it a try. I am not a fan of touch screen devices, however I really liked this one. The unit does what it is supposed to do. It is a lot of fun and I can use it as a desktop. The only thing I would change is to have it be a little larger. It has become cumbersome to carry the device around. Other than that it is perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this device in 2009 and used it for a year or two but I finally gave up and bought a new one from another vendor. After that I went through several devices from other vendors, but none of them had as much problems as this one. The screen goes out when the unit is turned on and it also has issues with the screen being completely dark. The only way to get the screen to work is to put it in sleep mode, but even then the screen goes completely dark and it makes no sense. The buttons on the side of the unit are hard to use and the unit never shuts off properly. It is so loud and hot and has a lot of heat to it, that I was concerned about the heat issues with my new unit but I was really surprised to find that this unit is not made by LG so I am wondering if LG was the one that made the unit. Also, I am very disappointed with the warranty. The warranty does not cover any damage that is caused to the unit or the screen. I contacted LG and was told that the warranty does cover the screen but not the unit and not the battery. They told me to call LG customer service for further assistance but I have not been able to do so. I have tried a few different LG units and have been extremely disappointed with all of them. This one is a complete waste of money and I am hoping that LG will improve the unit to help people out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I got this to use as a desktop PC but have had a couple of issues with it so far. I was really excited about this purchase and was very excited about the speed of this thing. I have a Mac Pro which runs about $1500 with a 500gb hard drive, but it's just not as fast as this. The video is choppy, the sound is really bad. It seems like the drivers that come with the system don't support a lot of things. The speakers are OK but I would rather have better speakers. The thing is pretty heavy but I'm sure it'll hold up for a few years.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the most disappointing purchase I have ever made. The unit arrived damaged and after receiving the unit and checking it out I realized I had made a huge mistake. I contacted the manufacturer and they quickly sent me a replacement but it was not a replacement for the $450 that I paid. The new unit I received was not as advertised. It had a black screen, a defective LCD, and no sound. The warranty that came with the original unit was worthless as well. I could not even call the warranty and they would not replace the defective part. I had to return it and they refused to refund my money. I was a bit upset at first but the unit worked well so I just decided to get another one. I will not be buying anything from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and im only using it for my radio and tv. its great for those times i want a phone to text, but not be too heavy. I can do my email on it and it's pretty easy to use. its just a little pricy for whats its worth. i do recommend it for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  You can't put a price on quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a couple of these. i'm very happy with them. ive used them on the go. they're a very good choice.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best battery for portable electronics I have had the 3D printer for a couple months now and it has been fantastic. I'm very satisfied with it and I'm able to print and play games with it. My only complaint is that my charger doesn't fit in the battery holder on the printer but I'm hoping that I can fix that soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It has been almost 2 years since I bought this device, and I am now running out of battery. It is really cool, but it is not a high quality device. I bought it thinking it would have a long life, but that is not the case. I have a lot of other electronic devices that use much more battery life, so this one will be in the back of my closet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********I purchased this speaker about a year ago, when I first saw it on the store shelves. It was the most beautiful speaker I had ever seen in my life, and I was excited about buying it. However, when it arrived, the speaker had a broken cord, and it was in a pretty bad condition. The speakers are not made very well, the base is thin, and the speaker is not very powerful. If you are looking for a good speaker, look elsewhere, I would recommend looking for something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Bose QC 25 headphones and the only problem I had was the fact that they did not have any type of ear tips. I don't know if they are supposed to have this, but I thought that it would be nice to have.  When I got the headphones and started using them, I realized that the cable is too short for the size of the headphones.   I ended up having to purchase a longer cable for them.  The sound is very good, but the ear cups are very small and I'm not sure if I like that.  Also, I really liked the ear tips that came with them, but unfortunately, I did not use them because the headphones didn't fit very well into my ears.  I can't wait to get the headphones in a different color. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've owned a couple of these, but I have been very disappointed. It's an odd device and I'd like to return it. It doesn't work, it doesn't feel very good, and it's ugly as a brick. The only thing that works is the remote, and I'm not sure if it's the remote or the box. I'm sure the box is good, but that remote is just horrible. The box is not sturdy enough for the device to stand on top of it. This is a box that you have to carry in your hand with you and put it in the box with the power supply so it's easy to move around. And the remote has a lot of buttons on it and you have no idea what they do. It took me a long time to figure out how to get it to work at all. I had to buy a different one and the instructions were hard to follow. It really makes you wonder how many people have to suffer through this before they figure out the right way to do it. I bought a cheap one off Ebay because it was advertised as working, but it took me so long to figure it out that I'm still not sure it works. It could have been solved by putting the box and power supply inside the box instead of on the side, but why not make it like the other ones and just put the box on the other side? It really doesn't seem like the makers care. I wish this thing didn't cost $150 to make, and for the price it's a terrible product. If it were cheaper, I'd give it one star, but for the money, I'll be getting a better one.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I got the X1 from Best Buy and after a little research I was told that the power supply would be a little less powerful than the one that comes with my other X1 and this was fine. I decided to do a test drive and to my surprise it is not a very good device. I have never had an X1 before and so far I have had the following issues: - The X1 doesn't turn on or even turn on at all. It stays off until I turn it on again. I don't know if it is the battery or the X2 but it is a very annoying problem. - The display is very fuzzy. I mean it is almost like a picture is floating in the air. - It also doesn't seem to work well with my Dell monitors. My monitor has a DVI port but the X's display is a D-Sub. I tried a DIV or HDMI port but nothing. I am very disappointed with this device. ------------------------- Buyer beware! I bought the X4 because it was the only X1 in stock at Best Buy. I bought this one as well. The X4 is a little more powerful than I was expecting but it also costs twice as much as the X3. The reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because I wish the X5 had a power switch so I could power off when I'm done using the device and then turn it back on to charge my batteries. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - It is not designed for kids. The buttons are not big enough to fit a button. There are a few buttons on the side, but they are so small you can't use them, because the button is in the way. The controls for the lights are also small and hard to use. The whole thing is cheap and is not good for kids, because it is a simple plastic case.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great device, but if you need a high-quality product that you can rely on and that will work for a long time, buy a Sony. I don't have a Sony, but I have a SONY camera (which I don`t like), and it works fine for what I need. The screen is not a big problem. I`ve used other brands that have very good screens and this one just isn`t as good. I use it in a video camera and it is really nice and easy to use. If you need an easy to work product, this is it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best thing about this device is the size and how compact it is. I have a smaller portable, and the size is perfect. I use this device with my iphone for listening to music, and for playing my mp3's, movies, and photos. It is really nice to be able to use the device with a iphon, but I have my own headphones and I find it a little too loud. This device can be used as a ia phone but it is just not the same. It's just too big. I am very happy with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an amazing phone. The phone has great performance. I love the fact that I can still send and receive text messages using my iphone without having to purchase a new iphones, or worry about running out of battery. The only thing I do not like about this phone is the fact the only way to upgrade is to purchase another phone. I would recommend this to anyone that wants a great phone for a reasonable price.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the lm-e6000 for almost a year now. it has a few hiccups, but overall its been a great product. its also been one of the most reliable devices i have used. ive only had to replace it once. it is still going strong, with almost 100 hours of use. if you are looking for a good cheap e-cig for a beginner, this one will get you started.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I got this for a birthday gift. It's a very nice toy but it's so small that it fits inside a very small purse. The batteries last about 1/2 a day. The battery has a built in charger which is pretty cool but it still isn't a power bank or a power pack. You will need to purchase a charger to use this as a battery bank. I bought a charger from Walmart and it took about 30 minutes to charge it. The product works as advertised. The only issue is that the remote control doesn't work. You need to buy a separate remote to use it as a remote.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have the original Dell E6330, and I have had it for a while. The Dell E6130 is an upgrade, but the E6340 is a better computer. I bought this laptop because I was looking for something with a fast processor and a screen larger than a book. The screen is a huge improvement over the E6140, and it's a joy to use. My main issue with the E4330 is that it has a bad trackpad and doesn't have a very good keyboard. I also have a problem with the fan being on and off constantly. I am happy to say that I now have a Dell E5350, which is a much better laptop than the E5330.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a year and it still cant get it to connect to the wifi when i try. ive been to tech support multiple times and theres been no change in the problem.  ill never buy a iphone again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very good product I have been using this for a couple of weeks and it has a lot of potential. I've been using it for a number of days and so far its worked great. It is easy to use and easy to set up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It was an excellent purchase but after a few days, it became impossible to connect to my phone. The phone did not come with a USB cable so I ended up buying the cheapest one that I could find online and a USB to micro USB cable from a local store. The cable was very short so I had to remove the battery cover so I could use the cable. The device also had a few dings and scratches from being dropped. This is my second phone purchase from this site and I will be going back for another one. The price is great and the service is amazing but I'm not going to get this one again. I had been looking for a smartwatch for a long time so I was very happy when I found the Gear Fit. I love that it has a large screen and that it is a great watch for running and swimming. It does have some issues with battery life but I think the battery is supposed to last a year and I've used mine for about 3 months. The only thing that would make it better is if it had a charging port so you can use it when it is dead or when it gets damaged. I'm happy with the product and will recommend this site to anyone who wants a great price and a fast shipping.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the 3rd version of this monitor a couple years ago.  The original was great, but when it died it took forever to get a replacement and the replacement did not last very long either.  I bought this monitor as a replacement for my old, worn out LCD display.   I was excited to see the improvement in picture quality compared to my old monitor.  Unfortunately, this monitor has been a disappointment for me.  I have been very pleased with the quality of the LCD display on my original monitor. But with this monitor I am seeing some very poor color reproduction.  The picture quality is still good.  But the colors are not as good as they were with my old display. It seems the picture quality was improved in the 2nd generation of this model.  This is the only monitor I have ever purchased and I will probably not buy a 3rd generation again.  There is no way I can get by with the image quality on this monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen is very good, but I'm just not a fan of the color, which is a little bit dull compared to my color LCD screen. The buttons and ports are all very good. The only problem I have is the battery life. I am on my second battery and have been for almost a month and a half, but this one doesn't last as long. I'm on the third battery now and it's not the same. I think the battery is the real problem. I'll probably get another one and give it another try. Overall, very happy with my purchase.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ewv_vortex
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very bad device. It works okay, but it's a pain to install. If I was going to buy a new keyboard, this would not be my first choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought this as a gift for my wife. It worked great until she was trying to charge it. After about 30 mins of trying to plug it in she started screaming at the top of her lungs, "I can't do this!!!" After trying to remove the battery the cord started to burn and I had to call customer service. It's now been over a week and she still can't charge it!! I have to put my ear to the side to hear it. If you want a good price and quality then this is the one to get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice product. It does everything the manual says and is extremely good quality. I bought one for a friend and the one I got was a bit smaller and heavier than the one in the manual. The cable is the perfect length and the battery is of the exact same quality as the one you get in the factory. However, if you are thinking of buying this for your own personal use and you like the weight, buy the one with the light weight battery.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 21, 2012  It does the job  by John from New York City  Pros: light weight, good battery life, excellent value for the money  Cons: nothing  Review: I bought this unit a couple of years ago for a trip to Japan with my son. We were both using a cheap Japanese cell phone, and the small size of this unit made it hard to fit in my bag. The battery lasted for 3 days (without being charged).   The only downside I can think of is that the switch on the side is not quite in the right place for my hand, so I use it with my right hand and have to take it off in order to activate it with the left.  in the end, it's a great product.  the weight of the unit is perfect for traveling  I wish the switch would be a little larger, so that it's easier to activate when the phone is on the table.  a little too heavy for a carry on, but very functional.  at least you can switch the battery on/off without taking it out of the bag  No cons  was this Review helpful to you Yes No Friday, February 15, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 2 months now. it is very good at what it does but it has been replaced twice. the first time it was not working for 3 months and had to go to a computer store to get it fixed. the second time i went to the store to replace it the tech said that it was just a faulty unit. i had it repaired and its working fine now. i have only had it about 2 weeks but it is so good at its job it is worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung t-mobile smart phone for a while and this is my second time buying it. its not as good as the t-mobiles. the screen is smaller and doesnt work as well as the smart phone and the battery doesnt last as long. the sound is terrible too. its better than a cd player but its still not as nice as a t-phone.   Overall: I was hoping for something better, but the price is right. i will not be buying it again.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for a couple months now, and its great. The speakers are very clear, and the battery is amazing. The only thing i can say is the battery will die in 2-3 months after the battery charge has drained. i have to buy a new battery for this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* The phone is good but the battery life is terrible. My phone has a 2nd screen and uses the 2nd battery. When I get a call on my phone it goes through the first one, then the second one. When the first goes through it does it for a little while but it's just a little bit of a pain.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a sony vz800 for a few years now and i find it to be the best portable media player ive used and they are so much cheaper than the other devices ive seen. the vz808 has the best sound quality, no crackling, and the volume is perfect for my medium size home stereo system. the only thing that bugs me is the small size, the vhs tape players are much larger and easier to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am so glad I bought this! I am a total novice at computers, but after I purchased this, I am so impressed! I can connect my iPad to this device and use it with my iPad and the mouse. It is so easy to connect, and it connects like a dream. My only criticism is that I wish it had a little more power for the extra USB ports. It's good for now, but I think I will be getting a few more to be able to connect a bigger variety of devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used it was on a cruise ship and I really liked it. Then I had to have the battery replaced, but the replacement battery came quickly and worked perfectly. Then, I got the newer one and it was much, much, better. So much better. The older one was junk. It was too big for the charger, and it would not charge a phone or tablet, so I had it taken out of the charger and sent it back. It is great if you need to charge the phone or a tablet. If you need a charging dock for your laptop, you have a good deal.   I would buy again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second time I have bought this item. The first time I didn't like the sound. This time, the sound is better but it is still a bit harsh.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* ****************** ************************ ********************* **************************** ******************** ***************** **************** **************** ***** ******** ************* ********* ************ ********** *********** ******** ***** ******* ***** ** ********' ************ **************** ************ ***** *** ******** * ******** ** ************ *** **************** *** *************** ************** ***** * ************ ** ****** ******* ***** ************* ******* ****** *** *** ******* * **************** ** ************ ******* *** ****** **** ************ * **** *** ****** ***************** ****** ** ****************  ************* **** ********** ***** *** ***  *** _____ _____ _ _ _____ ___ _____ |_|_ ___| |_ ___ _ _ | |_ |_ _ ___ ___ | | | _____| |_____| ______| ____| ________| | ____ _____ \ | |___|_| |___ | ___________________ |__|_\_ ________/ |_____________|_____|_/\_| \___/\__| _______________________/ __________________/ _____________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If I could give a poor review on anything I have ever owned it would be my old desktop computer, the HP-2100.  I have owned it since 1999.    This is an old model HP-2300, and I believe it was the last model they produced.  This is a model of what is called a desktop,   the model you would find on a workstation.  I have owned a number of them,  all the HP desktop PCs.  It was an oddball PC,  which was good,  but not great,  because the keyboard,  had a weird key layout,  and  the monitor was low resolution.  In addition,  the  motherboard   was bad,  especially  the processor,  it   had bad heat management   and the power supply   did not handle   well.  The keyboard, also,  was a mess,  I would not touch it again.  The new model,  released in 2003,  seems to have addressed most of these problems.  They are a little smaller,  thinner,  more durable,  better looking, and have a larger hard drive.  As a desktop PC, the machine is solid and solid at the same time.  Also,  this one comes with a monitor,  something no one else seems to be making anymore.  My only complaint, is   that   all of the hard drive bays   are   located on the back,  rather than on the front.  Maybe they were thinking of the future,  as it seems to me that most people, if they use this PC, will want to have a dedicated workstation,  just like my old one.  If I could have just one computer, it would have to be this one, as it is so versatile, and easy to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is the third time I have bought this item and the third attempt to get it to work. I was so frustrated that I bought a different brand because I thought it would work better. --------------- I bought this for a special occasion, and when I opened it I saw that the wires had been pulled out and there were no diodes or anything else on the board. It is really hard to find any sort of good reviews about this product, but I wanted to give a negative one. I bought it as a gift, and it is definitely not what I was looking for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My laptop battery has died in two days. I use this as a primary device for working on projects.  I've never had a problem with it, but it has died.    It's the only one I own that does not work.  I have looked on the web and searched for other reviews and the battery life is average.  If you have a new laptop, you are better off buying a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********************** ******************* ********* ****************** ******** *********** ************ **************** ************ (I bought this for my boyfriend who was very disappointed) It's a very well made product, I just wish that it had a better battery life. (I've been using it for a few weeks now and it's still giving me 1-2 hours of light use) Other than that, it's perfect. (Posted on 9/27/2013)  Love the light I bought this because it is very bright and very easy to use. (Not as bright as the Samsung light, but very bright). It's very durable. (Also, it is the only flashlight that comes in a little travel case. This is so great. I've bought 3 of them so far. Love them!) (Posted 5/26/2013 )  Great light! Bought 2 of these for my son's house. They are very bright, and very durable, and are pretty inexpensive. (And don't worry, they have a nice, bright, white light that is nice for work or play). It also has a nice long battery life, so I can use one at a time for a long period of time. It is pretty much the only one on the market that has this feature. (In my opinion, the Galaxy S5 flashlight has this, but not as good as this one. (But then again, I have the S5.)) (Posted 2/18/2013, updated 3/9/2013 to include the Galaxy Note 5.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the speakers are so bad that they are almost unusable and I think it is only because I bought the bluetooth. The speaker volume is very high and so are the volume controls. The volume control on the device is also very flimsy. The unit has no buttons and no display to indicate any change in volume. The only thing that I can use the device for is to listen to music on the car radio.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had a couple of the old style laptops I used to have that are no longer available. The battery life was so bad that I had to recharge the batteries more than twice a day, and the computers were not always up to the task. The new ones are so much better! The batteries last for more than a month! I'm going to buy more soon!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a while now and i have not had a single problem with it. but now ive got a few and ive have to return the one that had the problem. i dont know how i would fix it without going through a warranty repair. but in my opinion i have a lot more money than i should spend on a phone like this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've been buying this device for about a year now, and it's definitely not the best one I've ever used. It does its job, but it doesn't last as long as the others. I'm still using my previous one, but I've got some time to spare.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** I was very happy with my purchase of the WMP08. I purchased this item on sale and I was surprised to see that the box was marked as "discontinued" and the item was marked "sold out". The unit arrived promptly and without any damage, although I would have liked a little more protection. The sound quality was good and the device does what it's supposed to do, but it's so expensive that I couldn't justify it. I'll stick to my CD players for now. I hope to see a cheaper version in the future.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 16, 2009  I will never go back  by A Customer from Westchester, IL USA  Pros: very loud, great sound quality, no hum, very good price  Cons: no headphone jack, very short battery life, not adjustable  Review: I have had this amplifier for 2 weeks and I am very happy. It's louder and much more powerful than any of my other stereo equipment. I have used this amplifier with the headphones, and it really sounds great. I would never buy another product from Monoprice. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm so sorry to say that I'm returning my iMac because it's dead.  The first day that I had it I was really impressed.    It was easy to use and I was surprised at how well it did the job I needed it to do.    Then it died after a week or so of normal use.  The computer was running fine at first and the battery lasted about 5 days.  But then I noticed that the screen started to go blank.  When I went to go to sleep and the screen went blank, it shut off.  The screen was fine but the problem was that the battery wasn't holding a charge.  And I had to charge the battery every night.  It also turns out that the iMac is not a "real" iMac and does not have a backlight.  I thought that Apple would have done something to fix this because it was a pretty big deal.  Since I was already considering the iBook, I decided to look for something else.  There are a few other brands of iMac that do have a screen backlight but it's really not as good as what I've seen in my iBook.  They also have a more expensive screen but the screen is very grainy.  Also, I'm afraid that I might have to return the computer because of the screen.  So I hope Apple does something about the iBooks and iMac. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really nice looking device, but if you have a small hand like me and like to play around with it you might have a hard time. It doesn't fit my hand very well, but I was able to get it to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The iPhone X is a beautiful device."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since the 90's when it was first introduced, but its not worth the money. Its a pain to get the power button working. I have to press it every time i turn it on. The buttons are not as responsive as they were when it first came out, they're very sluggish, and they don't click like they used to. The only thing good about it is that you can use it to check your e-mail. But if you want a good pc peripheral for your $$$, dont get this one. It's a waste of $$$.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries lasted about a year before the charger died and the unit stopped working.  I have to replace the charger myself.   Review:  The product is ok, but the battery pack is weak.   The unit is very sensitive to the battery packs.  I have to keep it charged at least 24 hours before I can use it again.  The only positive I can give it is that the unit can record video. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I bought this in a rush after I lost my original. It works for what it is intended to do. It takes a little getting used to, and the remote is not that responsive, but it is a good product and I'll continue to use it.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is a great addition to my collection of digital cameras, and it is easy to use and is very light weight. However, I found the buttons for adjusting exposure were a bit flimsy. Also, if you want to use the built-in flash to capture a specific moment, it takes a little bit of fiddling to get the flash set correctly, and you have to use some fiddling too.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Fantastic light box with some limitations I love this little light box. It is easy on the eyes and works very well. The only problem I have is that the light box can be a little difficult to use with the flash. The built in flash works fine with the camera, but the built in unit does not come with a remote. The remote can be added on by using the included cable, which works great. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a light box that will do just about anything, and the remote can't be beat.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am a professional musician and I have been buying these for years. The volume controls are horrible. The sensitivity is about 1/10th that of my old Zoom H4N. I had to use a 1/4" jack plug to get any sound out of them. Also, the battery life is so short, I don't bother to use the headphones. It doesn't matter how good the speakers are, they will never replace the H4Ns.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have only had the device for a couple of days now but it's definitely an upgrade from my old one. I love how easy it is to set up and use. I have no complaints about the audio quality. I like that I can listen to my music and talk to people through the device and not have to turn off the radio. I don't know about the others but I like this one the most.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This item is not as described. It was delivered damaged. The case was cracked. The phone was not working and the charger was broken. If I was going to buy this item again, I would not buy it at all. This is my 2nd Samsung I bought and both of them have had problems with this one. This time the battery is dead. The last time I bought this product the phone was working. I was so excited about this phone. It is just a bad experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of months now and it's pretty cool... i do have a problem with it though. i have a cheapo pico projector, and i got this with the projector. it is pretty cool. but, it sucks with the phone, it only comes with a mini usb. i got a cheapie usb to mini adapter and i'm screwed. the phone is pretty cheap, but i just got it to play games and watch movies, not to make a movie. if you have a pico you can get a better usb adapter if you don't want to get the phone. if your only going to have the pico, get the usb to usb adapter, and its awesome.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was extremely disappointed with this product and would not recommend it. First, there is no built-in battery. That's a major letdown for someone like me who relies on her phone to be connected to her computer. I also bought this because I wanted to use my phone with a computer as a wireless keyboard. This didn't work for me because the connection was slow and the keyboard didn't even work. The touch screen is also a major pain to use, the screen is a bit too small for my needs. The camera is also poor at taking a photo. There is a built in speaker on this device but you won't hear anything. The overall performance of this product is so bad that I would not want to use this as a computer monitor. It would probably only be used for watching videos. Overall, this product just does not live up to its name.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought two of these to put into my studio and so far it's been a bad experience both in the build quality and performance. one is a cheap plastic product, the other is very well built and a much better product but only has the usb port on the back, and the usb connection is only a 1/4. i wouldnt recommend this product at all and hope they make a usb 2 version soon so i can save a couple bucks. i will try to avoid this brand at all cost.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael from A great USB Audio Interface The only issue I had with this device was that the USB cable that came with the unit was very short.  a better quality cable would be great. .  in addition, the mic is very good, but the cable it came with is very short and doesn't go anywhere. If I were to buy another USB device, I would definitely go for the more expensive ones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This thing is very flimsy and flimsy plastic can be easily broken and falls apart. Also the buttons don't work as they are supposed to. When you press on them it just sends the cursor back to where it came from. And it takes two times longer to press. This thing really sucks! Pros: -It is easy to plug in, and fits on my desk nicely. -It has good battery life. Cons: -The design is a little silly. I like the look of the thing, but I don't like the way it is built. It is not as sleek as a fancy computer monitor, but at the end of the day, if you don't want to spend the $300 on a good one, then this is a decent option. It does have a nice color selection, and you can see the graphics really well. It also has a USB port that is pretty good for a monitor of this size. Overall, I think it is a great deal if you are a Windows user, but if you're a Mac user, then I don  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gdg3 from Great Monitor! Great monitor. I have a 1080p Mac Pro and this was perfect for my purposes. I use a dual monitor setup and this works perfectly. It's a bit pricey, but definitely worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product for a "special occasion" for my boyfriend who was a huge fan of Star Trek. I wasn't expecting him to love it, but I did not expect him to hate it. I bought it for his birthday. He had to ask me about it several times. It took me a while to figure out what buttons to press. I finally gave up and just pressed the "ok" button every time I went to do something on it. After two months I took it back to the store and they gave me a new one. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The screen does not turn off. It keeps blinking. When the battery runs out, the screen goes out and the device turns off. I wish the battery would turn off when the screen is turned off, but the screen will not turn on when the battery is out. Also, the micro usb cable is too short to be of any use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was using this for years and it was a great unit. It just died. It is so frustrating. I think I'm going to have to return it. I love the features it had but it is just too much of a pain to use. The battery is not removable and I don't think I'll ever use this again. I hope I don the company will change the design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was skeptical to buy this product but after a couple weeks with it, I was not disappointed. It took a little getting used to the buttons but once I got it used to, I am really pleased. I have the wired version, and this is much more compact. The sound quality is also very good and not that much louder than a wired unit, but not too much less. I highly recommend this product! I do not like to buy new things but I'm glad I decided to buy it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this for my wife for Christmas. She loved it. My son was a little bit skeptical, but he gave it a try. He is a big fan. I just got this today and I have to say, the product is well worth the money. It's nice and light. It takes a while to charge but that's fine. I've used it multiple times, and it has been flawless. If I could give it a higher rating, it would be a perfect 5. It took some time to learn how to use it but it was worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery lasted only about 2 weeks with the light on. The light works great and is nice and bright.  But I do not like how it's only a "keychain light."  If you are looking for something to carry around with you everywhere, this is a great option.  The light is great and bright but not the right size for my needs.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's nice that the speakers work, but the sound is very muffled and is a pain to listen to. I also bought this to replace my computer which is a very good computer but was replaced by a much better unit. I had bought the old one and thought the sound was ok but the speakers were really muffled. This is not a good product! I'm returning this unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this monitor after the other one I tried was no good.   After reading the reviews I was expecting a cheap monitor that doesn't give a great picture.  The picture is not very good. It has great resolution but it does not show detail very well.  It is a great monitor but a lot of people will be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used this device to watch 3 movies at once, and have watched a lot of TV shows and movies on it. I have had no problems so far with the connection, it works like a charm, but the sound quality is poor, especially for the price. The movies and TV shows are all good but the quality of the sound is terrible. The sound is so bad you can't even tell that the device is plugged in.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The   only   problems   are   high cost   and   noisy   It's a good   device, just a bit too noisy to be an ideal   portable   computer . If you have a desktop,   I think you'll be more than happy with the   product. If   you want something that is portable  to have a look,  you might  want to look at  a  Macbook Pro or   a Mac Mini.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the LG V10 for about a week now and I'm happy to say that the display is the best in any phone I've ever owned. The screen is bright and crisp and colors are really accurate. The front facing camera is really good and I was impressed with how the selfie camera was so much better than the iPhone 7. I have also noticed that LG has changed the battery size a bit since my last LG phone and it's actually very good and lasts a good while. The phone is also incredibly durable and the design is very good. I also like that the LG is waterproof and has a removable battery so you can change the battery every couple of years. The only drawback is that it has a small camera button on the bottom. I just don't like having to have the camera button there so I've turned it off on most of my devices. Also, the fingerprint scanner is a bit difficult to use sometimes. The volume buttons on the LG are a little too close together and it is very easy to accidentally press them. Overall, the LG G5 is an excellent phone. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality phone that is extremely affordable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really wanted to like this device. It worked well and was very durable. It's great to be able to play a game on the go! Unfortunately the cord is really short and when the device got too hot, it would start to vibrate. I would buy it again but I really want to have a longer cord so I don't have to worry about it getting too hot. I'm a little disappointed that I had to return it and will likely never buy another product from this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter as a gift. She really enjoys the fact that the screen is bright and she can see and play with the screen. Unfortunately, this is a very good looking electronic device and does the job. The problem is that it is a lot to handle and it's really heavy. My daughter had a little trouble getting it to work and I'm not sure if the handle broke or the battery has gone bad. I have another Samsung for my other electronics. I'm going to give it a 2 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the bluetooth speakers for a while, but they are very noisy, especially in my small apartment with the subwoofer (I have a pair of v-speakers on my desk but these are louder and more powerful). I bought the speaker set with the blu-ray player and I'm just about done. The only thing I dont like is the fact that the remote doesnt work very well (if your a one touch type of guy). Its not that its not a good set of speakers. Its just that they dont come with the remote which is a bummer. The speakers are also very heavy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year and still have not upgraded. I bought this as a backup to my dslr for when my dl is broken. I'm still not using it for anything but streaming video. I think its too bad because I love the price point and it looks cool. But I can't justify the hassle to buy a dslrs for a second hand dvr. This dvr is for someone who is willing to pay more for something that is more durable. The only reason I gave this 5 stars is because the dvr has a lot of features that the other dvr's don't. I still love it though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am so disappointed that I am not going to buy another of these. The audio quality is horrible, it is very loud, the sound comes out of the speakers so much that you can hear it from far away, the touch screen on the device is very touchy and the buttons are so hard to use and hard to press that it can be very annoying. It's also very expensive. I'm just glad I don't have to buy this again, as I have to be connected to a laptop 24/7 for work, and I like the idea of having my headphones on and my phone at the same time, but this is not a good option for my daily usage.  Best sound:      When I bought this, I knew that I would probably be disappointed, but I was still surprised at how good it sounds. It has great clarity, bass, mids and highs. It really works as intended, and if you don't care about the high end or are willing to live with a bit of distortion, it's perfect. I just wish that there were more buttons and a better touch screen. It could be a lot better!  Good battery life:     This thing does a great job of keeping the screen on and charging the battery at the exact same time. I have a Samsung S3 and this thing easily lasts 4+ hours, which is really good. It is also a nice size. I use it to watch movies, but also listen to music. It charges fast, has decent battery life, and a nice looking case. It fits my hands perfectly. I'm not the biggest fan of the design, but it's great to have a phone that is both light and sturdy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this mouse for about a month now and i can tell you i have not found any good point to it. the only thing i would like to see is an option to disable the left click for a smoother click (its been so bad for so long now) and a different option to show the cursor on the right side (when the mouse is held down on a computer). i hate having to move my mouse around on my desk to change programs. but that is just me. i am sure there are others out there that hate the mouse just as much as i do. but i guess its what you make of it.  I love the mouse! By Anonymous on December 15, 2015 I love this mouse. The price is so good and you can find any game you want with the mouse. It is a bit heavy and the right mouse button feels like it is on a nail so it has to be a pain to get it to work. I do like the extra buttons for the Windows 8 function buttons which I didn't know they were there.  (Posted on 9/28/2015)  Great mouse, Great price By Anonymous Customer on December 7, 2015 So far so good. This is my second mouse, the first one died on me after 2 years. I purchased the second mouse a few days ago and was a bit skeptical about buying a second mouse at this price point. This mouse is the most comfortable mouse I've used and the weight is right on. I love that I can set it to my preference with a couple of buttons. I highly recommend this mouse and would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great gaming mouse at an affordable price point! (Posted: 9/25/2015 )  good but i don't like the click By Anonymous customer on August 16, 2015 good but i dont like the clicking of the right click By mr rick on July 17, 2015 the button on the left side works better. i think i could be happier with this mouse but i'm not complaining about it. (Posted/Reviewed: 9 July 2015) .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I got this unit I was a bit skeptical at first. The unit was extremely heavy for the size of the unit. It also required two AA batteries to power it, which is a little strange. But it's a great unit. Rated 5 out of 5 by Tofu from A very well designed and executed product. The size and weight of this little unit is perfect for me and it is easy to carry with me. The included remote is very useful as well.  Rated 4 out of five by Anonymous from The remote is handy, but doesn't have the range that I wanted. This is a nice little box with a lot of functionality. The only problem is that it has no remote. I wanted one so I could control my TV, cable boxes and such without having to use my phone. But, the one I received did not have the right range to control these devices. If the remote had had a range of 3 feet or so, I would have been happy. But there are better devices for that.  a little heavy but for a very nice unit it is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use for her voice therapy because she has vocal cords surgery on the left side. She loves it. It is very good quality and it is extremely quiet. It will help her to speak more freely and fluently. It does take a while to set up but it is a very well designed device.  The only issue is that she has to keep turning it on and off because it gets hot and her right hand often goes numb.  I would recommend this product and if you are looking for a simple device this is a good one. I love this product!    It works very well and has a very low profile on the table.   I'm very pleased with it.  This is a great device. I love the design, the noise reduction is amazing and the sound quality is excellent. The only issue I have with it is the battery life is not that great. It's great for the price but I would like to see a higher battery life. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a really good monitor and for $350 you cant go wrong. It has a wide viewing angle and is a great monitor for video games and movie watching. The only reason i gave it 1 star is because the colors are a bit off and the screen looks a bit dark for my taste. I have two other monitors of this type and one of them is a better monitor for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** This is a very good keyboard. The keys are a bit smaller than my old one, but it's still a good size. The key travel is very good as well. The keyboard has a number of features that I really like. I can't tell you how many times I've been using my old keyboard and realized I had lost or misplaced some of my stuff. The USB connector is easy to use. I have used this keyboard to type documents, a document to show my boss what I've done, and to write a letter. I really do like the fact that it has a backlit keyboard and that there is no space bar, but I don't like that it doesn't have the extra keys like the ones on my old mechanical keyboard. Also, the number pad is a bit too small, but not really a problem. Overall, this is a good keyboard and the only one I would consider buying.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!   I have been using this for over a year and have never had a problem with the microphone. I can tell that it is quality and the mic is very clear. I have a MacBook Pro and the iPad Mini is just not as good.   Overall I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned 3 of these. they are cheap. i love them, but i hate the fact that you can't add a battery without getting a new one every time you want to use them. that's why i gave them a 4 star. i like the sound quality of these little speakers. they really are perfect for my daily listening needs.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: rt_productions
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I bought this unit, I was looking for something that could monitor my plants and tell me what they are doing. I have several large plants and I had to read several reviews about how much this unit cost and I was not satisfied. I decided to try this unit after a friend told me that he had one and was happy with it. I bought the unit and when I got it home I was very disappointed in the quality of the unit. It was cheap looking and not very nice looking. I am glad I bought a different model. I wish I had gotten a better unit for my money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this a few months ago for my son as a gift. He loved it right out of the box but I have had trouble with it not working properly. He keeps pressing the buttons and nothing happens. After a few times he finally decided to send it back for repair. He also sent a picture to show it is working but I don't know if I want to bother him with it since it is only going to cost me like $25. I think it would be a good gift for him.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two of these.  One died on me after just 2 months of use, the other I bought a year ago and is still not working properly.    I will give this device 5 stars because it does what it's supposed to do and it is easy to use.  I just wish that there would be a way to reset the firmware if a part is defective.  This is a great product and I would highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have the iPhone 6 Plus and this thing is so heavy it feels like I'm holding an anchor. It's extremely heavy. The camera button is the worst. The battery life is horrible. This thing is very bulky. The volume rocker is very uncomfortable to press. This is the first electronic device I've owned where I have to actually use my fingers to type. I've had other models, but the 6 Plus is the heaviest and most cumbersome.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has an all around great device, but it's battery life sucks! If you don't need the S Pen, this is the one to buy. I've had this for about a month now, and I've been using it a lot more than I expected to. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the S pen isn't really needed at all. I use the stylus a lot less than I thought I would, and it's more of a nuisance than anything.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used the BX-5 for over 3 years and have never had any problems with it. I have used it for all my portable audio needs and love it.  But the most recent update for the BK-2 has completely ruined it for me. .    First of all, there was a major problem with the BXT. The new firmware does not have any audio settings so all I can hear is static and the little sound it makes is muffled and hard to hear. It's just so annoying. I'm not the only one. I bought a new BXT and it worked perfectly.   The new firmware also changed the battery life. The BXT has 2 AAA batteries that last about 5 hours. The firmware changed to 1 AAA battery that lasts about 3 hours. I also tried a new battery that came with the unit and it lasted about 2 hours.  'small battery'  That is just unacceptable. The size of the Bxt battery is perfect for a compact, portable device. I am not going to get a larger battery because the Bx-5 is perfect. If you want to use it on a larger scale or you want longer battery life then you need to go with a larger one. If I had to spend $300 on a new unit I would definitely go with the more expensive unit because the small battery is just so frustrating.   of course the Bxi-2 is still a better choice. -The BXi-2's are also great for home use and you can use it for MP3's and other things that the Bmx-5 can't. - The Bxi is still the best bang for the buck.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the third time i've had to replace this unit with no problems. i've already replaced this unit twice because of it's poor performance.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this product for a year and its still breaking. Its a good sound card for the price but not worth the hassle. The software is a joke and the sound quality is not good.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 23, 2012  by John from Phoenix AZ  Review: Works well. Easy to install. Good sound.  the best i ever bought  (Review of PCIE2GB from The Answer Solution)  Questions & Answers  Discuss about PCIE 2GB Ultra Fast Graphics Card - Single PCI Express to 2.0 x16 / 8GB (PCIE2G2) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike forums.  in the search field above.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used my old laptop for about 5 years. I have used it as a computer, a media player, a web server, a printer, and a web browser.  However, it never worked right.  The screen is too bright and too shiny.  My old laptop was much more responsive and did not have this issue.  I bought this for $50 on eBay and used it for a couple of months.  Then it started smoking.  This is the first bad device I have ever bought and I am glad I didn't waste my money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is the biggest letdown of my life. The batteries are terrible and the device never holds a charge. This is the reason why I purchased a new laptop and bought a different type of charger. I hope the company is doing something about the batteries. It's a shame because the device was a great deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The thing works. It does everything I need it to do. But I am a computer nerd and I wanted a little more bang for my buck. I wanted something that could connect directly to my television and use the TV's built in tuner to receive all my local stations. So far I am extremely happy with my purchase. My only complaint is that there is a little wiggle when you turn the knob on the front of the TV, but I haven't noticed it yet. If I have to buy another one in the future I would definitely get one with the same remote, but that is a small price to pay for all the convenience this remote has provided me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this phone for a while, but it has problems, such as having to use my micro-usb cable to charge it. the micro- usb port has a small hole that it will not fit in, but if you take off the battery, you can use the micro usb cable.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 09, 2012  Great Phone!  by Anonymous Coworker from  Review: I love this phone. I purchased this phone from Best Buy. The customer service was amazing. I contacted them multiple times about this issue and got a prompt reply.   I bought the phone with no warranty and they replaced it free of charge. I would highly recommend this company and will use them again.  the customer service is the best I have ever had! - Anonymous Customer from Florida  was this review helpful? Report it here:  Share of Overall Customer Rating: 5.0  (5 votes)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen on this is terrible.  It has very poor viewing angles and is very dim, but when you are working with it, it is fine.  The speakers on this are not very good, the sound is very tinny and the volume control is useless.  I was surprised at how light this is to carry, but it was nice that I had it to put my phone in, because I couldn't find a case that fit.  If I were to use this as my only phone, I'd be happy with it. I was really surprised at the build quality on this, but also the price.  It is very nice, and it feels very solid.  Overall, I really like the ZTE Z Maxx 3, but I can't see myself using this for long periods of time, unless I have a case to put it in.   The review of the Z MaxX 3: Overall:    If you have been on the fence about getting a ZTE phone, or any phone, you can not go wrong with this one.  The Z Max is the best ZTE has ever produced.  It is the Z2 with more RAM and a better camera.  ZTE is a well respected company, and their phones are always top quality.  I highly recommend this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my fpv for about a month now and its amazing its a beast but the only thing that bothers me is the micro usb port it is hard to use and the micro USB port needs to be a usb mini usb it just cant be a micro usb. i have no problem with the build quality but i cant really recommend it to anyone because it just needs to have the micro micro usb on the back of the unit. and its not an actual micro usb so theres no way you can use it with a pc  Review of DJI F550 3.4ghz 2s - FPV - 2s 12v - 3S LiPo battery - 2x 1020mah 12.6v - 5xAA NiMh Battery  Pros: 1) Great quality and quality of build 2) Easy to setup 3) Good flight times 4) Great battery capacity Cons: 1. Could be a little better 2. Not a great FPV experience, no camera and no GPS. Also the remote can get in the way sometimes and gets in the shot. 3. Battery life is good but I'd like to have a camera or better battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month and the battery life is not that great. I use it for a phone that doesnt have a charger and i can barely get through 2 days of using it. I'm not very happy with it and it's a shame since it's only $30.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** It's an old school computer, but the old school is not bad at all. The computer is easy to use, has good audio and graphics, and has a great keyboard. I had the old version of the computer (2 years ago) and I've had a lot of trouble with the old one but this new one works like a charm. I have the older version and the new one has a very large hard drive that will hold most of my games and all my music. This computer is very easy to program, has a good CD-ROM drive, and the keyboard is very nice. I use it mainly for my games because I don't like the idea of having to look at the screen and have to click to do anything, but if you're going to have to look, then this computer is perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This unit is good for the price, but the buttons are really hard to use. My wife has the original Xbox One and she uses it every day and still has no use for this new model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 years and its still going strong. i use this with a kobo ink reader, and the battery life is about 2-3 days. i can still go through 4-5 books in one day. i bought the smaller version for my ipad mini as i wanted a device to read ebooks on the go. ive also purchased one for my iPad Air 2, and it has lasted a month with heavy use. the only issue i have with this is that the buttons are hard to press when you need to. they don't have a good click feel to them. other than that this is a great device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an excellent product, except for one thing: It's so small. I had to buy a different keyboard just to be able to use it on my desktop. If it were larger, I would probably consider buying another one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Steve from Good keyboard but one thing I did find that is a little annoying is that you can't use this on your laptop unless you use a USB-C to HDMI adapter. I purchased this for my laptop because of it's compact size. I have to plug it into a HDMI port on my laptop, and I had a problem with the keyboard not working. The solution was to plug a USB keyboard into the keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The more things change, the more they stay the same."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased the G6200 and it arrived just a few days after i paid for the shipping. The unit came with a 2 year warranty, so i assumed it was good. I used it a lot and i got the screen to turn on when i plug in my battery. I had a couple of problems. First one was that the touch screen on the front doesn't work for me. I have a mouse and the screen won't work. The second problem is that the screen doesn't turn on. It won't even turn on if the battery is dead. So this is the second one that i have purchased from these guys and they never give a good review.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Bill from I used this device for about 6 months. First day I was using it I had problems with the display. The left side screen is slightly off center. It would not stay on at all. After about 2 weeks the unit would not turn on at first. Then after a few tries it worked. I still don't know why. It doesn't come with the instructions for a display adjustment. I would buy it again, but with a second monitor.  the screen is fine for general use. but for my application it's not fine. I use it as a scanner, a word processor, and as a video monitor. It has good quality for the price. The screen has very limited use, so it would be good to have a software that could adjust the brightness. I also had some trouble with the connection to the computer. When I plugged it in I got the light on and I could see it was not connected to my computer. It is very simple to fix but could be a little better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to have a backup battery for my cell phone, but the battery lasted about a month before it died. This is the second cell phone that I bought that failed after one month. This battery is made of the same materials as the other cell phones I bought and is very inexpensive. It is also difficult to replace the battery with another because it is so small and does not come with the original cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since august. i have never been so disappointed in an electronic device, as this one. i cant use it. i am stuck in the middle, i dont like it because of the poor battery life, the bad design, and the poor audio quality. i tried using a usb cable but it didnt work, the sound was terrible, the usb cable just made it worse, and my mouse and keyboard would not work. i guess theres no use in buying this, unless you are a computer nerd or an audiophile.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The world has enough electronics, let us not waste any more time on them."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a nice device. I've used this device for a couple months now and it has a good build quality, great sound, a decent battery, and the price is right. However, it has the same problem as all the other cheap electronic devices I have owned, it's very sensitive to water. It's a shame because this is the first device I've bought in several years that's actually been worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a smarthome for 5 years now and ive broken a few of the buttons. But the screen is the problem. ive tried to buy a new one but the price keeps going up and up and iven by the $200+ the price is now a steal.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jb from Great monitor I've owned this for a few months now, and have no complaints. The screen is nice and sharp. I use this to watch movies, and I've noticed that a lot of the time the picture on the screen comes out a bit dark. The other day, I watched the latest movie, and the picture came out really dark. I'm a little disappointed because I've used a monitor like this before, and this is a lot more bright. The picture is crisp and clear.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this item for my son's birthday, and he's not a big fan of the Apple product line, but he's a little disappointed that he can't get this for $9. I'm not sure if this is the same one I bought, or if it's the same as the one I used to get, but either way, it's a $9 gift.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since its release. I bought it off of ebay for $80. it was great at the time, but a lot of time has passed and it is now just a piece of junk. its a terrible product. if you get it, get a new one. if u dont get it for $90 then get rid of it. i hate to say this, but it is a total waste of money. i will never purchase another epson product.  Rated 4 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from Great for those of us with smaller monitors. I was a little disappointed in this printer. The screen is the best I've ever seen. The printing is excellent, however the paper is a little on the scratchy side. I use it primarily for scanning pictures and documents, and for scanning and printing images that are small and don't need a lot more resolution than the scanner's. It's the best printer I've used in terms of quality, price, and size. The only downside is that the print quality is rather poor for a scanner.  in my opinion, this is a very nice printer, however, I would not recommend it for a normal home user, as it is only for those with large monitors and large print size. I have the Epson Workforce 600 which is the same printer as the Epsons, however it prints with much more clarity, and much less paper scratching. The printer I purchased was from Amazon, but the same exact model and size was offered as a rebate for the same $90. The rebate also included the EPC cable which I also had to purchase separately.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The problem: This is a wonderful product. The problem is, it doesn't hold up. The buttons and ports are very well built and the display is bright and readable. The main problem is that the screen is not removable. It is attached by the top, which is easy to remove, but difficult to reattach. The display is only good for about an hour or two, but I can't help but wonder why it's so expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really liked the simplicity of this device. I have a small tablet (I used to use the Nexus 7), so this is a nice device to have. However, the software is very limited. I would recommend that this device be bought from a more well known store, because of the limited software.  Did you find this helpful? 9 of 9 Found Helpful  Seth  5  Reviewed by:from Los Angeles. on 3/13/2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is my second Samsung phone, and I'm really not impressed. The display is horrible, it is almost impossible to use with one hand. Also, the phone only supports 3G and not 4G, which I was expecting to at least get 4G speeds. I was a bit shocked to see that this phone does not have a Micro SD card slot, but I suppose that's not so bad. The only reason I'm giving this phone a negative rating is because I am a Samsung fan. I have used their phones for a while and I was hoping that they would at least be as good as the Galaxy S3 (which is a very good phone, btw).  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since early 2015 and it never has worked, so i thought i would give it a try. well, it was a nice looking piece of technology and it was very nice that it came with a usb cable (and a battery). However, it still didnt work and was constantly failing to connect to my network. I tried everything from a different cable to a different network to a new router and that didnt work. I am very dissatisfied with this product. I would never recommend this to a friend.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bbk4 from The best little device ever! It was the best purchase I've ever made. I bought the bluetooth adapter for my MacBook Air and it works great. The only reason I gave this 5 stars is because it only comes with a charger, but it's really small and portable and it can be charged at any hotel or at a public charger. I love the look of it, it's just so sleek! I also have it in a little case I got at the same time as it and it's great for my iPad as well. I'm so glad I got it!  Reviewed by JW from Great Product. Easy to set up. The bluetooth range is great, even though it is not always set up right. Once it is, the range is so long, that you can be outside for a few miles, and not have to worry about it going out of range. It's a little expensive for a bluetooth dongle, but for me, I got a good deal, and this dongl is worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After I purchased this product, I immediately went to my local electronics store and purchased a replacement. The problem was that the replacement part was made in China. I purchased a different brand of replacement part at the store, and the unit worked perfectly. After that I contacted the company and they replaced the whole thing. So, now I have a perfect replacement for this one.   Did you find this review helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful  Reviewed by: (Verified Buyer)  Pros: Well worth the price  Cons: I am glad the part arrived in less than 2 days  Review: The replacement part is great. It works perfectly and it's just the right size. It's definitely worth the purchase.  Was this review useful to you? 5 5 Great product  reviewed by: James L. on 01/22/2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this about a month ago for the price of the other one I have. I have the wireless bluetooth version but the wired is just as good. It's light weight and easy to use. I use it as a computer monitor to check email, text, and watch videos. It is pretty much my workhorse. It can hold my 3 inch screen and laptop comfortably with no trouble. I'm using a wired monitor now but it will take some getting used to. The keyboard is not quite as good as the wired model. There is no dedicated media keys for video. But overall it is a great little monitor and I love it. I like to use the wireless model for gaming but I can't complain about the wired version. I would recommend it to anyone who has a computer but has a large monitor. I like this monitor. It looks nice and easy on the eyes and I have no problems connecting to it. The only thing I have to complain about is the lack of a proper backlight and the lack a hotkey to change it. You can change the color but there is no hotkey. Also I have a mac and the monitor works fine but for some reason my mac is very slow to switch back and forth.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought the "Sonic" phone on a whim, thinking it might be the perfect replacement for my old, worn out, "Apple" phone. It's a great phone! However, the phone is slow, and I am not even sure that it has 3G. I am sure I will eventually get it working, but that's not a big deal for now. I just wish the phone would charge faster. The phone also has some strange bugs that I haven't figured out yet. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great phone! I bought this phone and a few other things on a hunch, and it has worked out. I like the phone, but I was surprised at how good it is. The camera is better than I expected, the battery is great, and the sound quality is great. I also bought the bluetooth headset. This was really a great buy, and my friend and I are already talking about buying the 3D goggles and a 3D printer.  "Sons of Anarchy" star Kurt Sutter reviews the SONY ZR-3 I bought a Samsung Galaxy S6 on a previous purchase, and this phone is much better, and very, very fast. The speed of the phone has been an issue for me, and a lot of other reviewers have mentioned this issue. I have a 4GB SD card (that has been maxed out with games), and the phone can't load anything beyond the max amount on it. If you use this phone for music, it's fine, but if you're looking to watch movies, or listen to your music, you're going to be frustrated. I can get over this, though, because the phone itself is amazing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I love my new iPhone 7 Plus!!!! but, I have been trying to use it as a portable music player for the last month.!!! the portability is nice but, the controls for playing and changing tracks are confusing.!!!! the volume knob does not change volume when there are tracks playing but, when I play just one track, it turns all the way down.!!!!!!!!!!!!! I also have a lot of music and have tried this several times and each time it worked perfectly.???? the only problem is that the charging port for my iPhone is very small and i cannot fit it in the pocket of my pants!???? so, I can not use it to listen to music while running.?????  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from No Audio Stereo Headphone jack I've had this phone for two months now. I bought it for my wife for Christmas. She has no problem with the phone, the screen is nice and big, and it works great for her and I. We listen to a lot music on our Apple products and it just works well. But, today, after using it for about two weeks, my wife noticed that she had lost the audio stereo headphone jack. It's been sitting there for a while now and I've tried calling Apple support multiple times to no avail. It seems like I've paid a lot for a good phone but, it's not the product that I wanted.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the hd-1 for about a year now, and it's still working fine. The only problem i have is that the volume buttons on the side of the unit don't work. Theres a slight click and it won't turn it up. Thats about it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from Excellent Product I've had this monitor for about two weeks now, I'm very happy with it. I love the picture quality and the clarity is awesome. The build quality is great and the monitor looks great in my office.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought the Apple MacBook Pro 15" 2013 for a friend. It works well as a PC and a workstation but I have to say the speakers are terrible. They're not much louder than my PC speakers and not as loud as my Macbook's speakers. I'd give it a 2 if I could but I can't. I've read a few other reviews complaining about this, but it's not that big a deal for me. I'm using it to do my work, and I'm not using it as a music player. The MacBook Pro sounds just fine to me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** I bought this phone to replace my last old one. I loved the old phone, and wanted to keep the battery life, but the new phone doesn't have the sound quality and overall functionality of my old one (at least I can tell that it's new). I've been using it for about 2 weeks, and have only had one day off in a row. So I thought it was going to last longer. It's not a bad phone, but it's not worth the money, just a cheapo cell phone. The sound quality is ok, and you can actually listen to the songs on Pandora (I think) but it gets loud very quickly. I really don't want to pay another $100 just for a cheap phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I was very happy with the product. However, when I first got it, the battery started acting up within a couple weeks of using it. The screen would sometimes go black and then turn on and on. It was also hard to find a good charge cord for it. It would often die in about three days. I bought another one of these and it's a lot better. However it does have a problem that I don't like. When the battery starts to go bad, the screen goes dark and the touch screen won't work. I really wanted this to be a good item but I have to give it a 3.5 out of 5 because of the bad battery life. If it lasts longer than three days I'll be very happy.  Good for the price The touch screen worked fine until I bought the tablet version. The touch pad works fine. I didn't try to use it to do anything but use it as a book reader but it works great for that. I'm going to buy another one to use as a mouse/keyboard and then a third one to have as a tablet. It's a good quality product. The price was right too.  a good product for the money It's hard to go wrong with a touch screen tablet. This one is a good value.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I didn't like about this unit was that it's so large that it was difficult to open the lid when I was going to do repairs. I was able to open it with one hand, but not two.  That said, it does have a very solid build quality and it seems very durable.  One of my favorite things about this product is that it has an SD card slot that allows you to put your own movies on the SD card and then transfer them to your computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and it still doesn't work. ive looked at every one of the reviews that were posted and no one is having the same problem. its been over a week and i cant get it to turn on or to turn it off. i have the usb-c cable plugged into the back and it does not work. i had to have it sent to my local store for a refund and i still cant get a working usb-usb. i tried it with my phone charger and it also doesnt work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've been using this for a few months now, and while the battery lasts a while, the sound is very poor and the buttons are very stiff.   The sound is bad and the screen is very difficult to use.  If you're going to buy this, just get a good keyboard.  The battery lasts about 4 hours, and then shuts off.  I have a MacBook and I have to turn it off to charge it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- * The display is pretty small, and the buttons are hard to press. I had to use a small flat screwdriver to push on the buttons, so they don't stick out too far. * The screen is not very bright. When watching movies, it makes my eyes hurt. * This is the cheapest tablet I've ever owned. * It does not support 3G. I'm afraid that this will be my last e-reader.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Nice I bought this about 2 months ago to read a lot of ebooks on the go. The cover is quite nice and the screen is very bright (much better than my older, much more expensive ereader). However, the screen on this one is on the smaller side of the spectrum compared to my other ereaders. This is not a problem as most of the books I read are printed on glossy paper so the brightness is more than enough. The only thing that I wish was more than it is is that the volume buttons were a little smaller. Other than that, it's a nice tablet that I can't imagine going back to any other device. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This unit is not great and there are no easy ways to fix it. First off the unit works fine, I have only had it for about 3 months now and I am already tired of the buttons and the lack of a scroll wheel. The other issue is that the batteries are only about 2 months old, this is bad because there are so many other things I could have done with these batteries and they still would be in good shape. The unit is also so small and hard to put in a bag, which I thought was a good idea because the size is great for the price. If you want a cheap and easy to use unit, go with a different brand. I will never buy this product again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent I have used this for my laptop and laptop sleeve. It works great. The size of the unit is perfect and the buttons are easy to operate. The only complaint is the lack the scroll wheel on the front of the machine. If they were made available then I could see using this product for many years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this because it was advertised as a "premium" device, but the fact that it is a very basic device, I cannot recommend it. The quality of the product was below average. The screen is the only thing that works. The buttons are also very small, and the build quality is very poor. I had to return it because it is not durable.  For what you pay, you can buy a better device. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 08, 2014 I bought this for a small child, and he loves it! I had been searching for a device like this one for a while, and finally bought one. I wanted to try the other models before making a decision. I really like it! I had some problems with the screen not coming on when plugged in. After reading reviews, I contacted the customer service at Amazon and they gave me a very good customer service response. I was able to have it fixed and I am very happy with the results. I think it is great for small children and it is light weight! I have not had any problems with it so far! Was This Review Helpfulto you? yes no Monday, January 17, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is not as described. I am a former computer tech and have had this model of mouse for about 10 years. I was very excited to buy this item because I am using the mouse with my computer and have never had any problems with it. I have bought 3 different models and this one is the worst. It is very hard to use, the sensitivity is very bad and the buttons do not work. The mouse is not even good to use on a laptop. I'm going to get another one, but I'm very disappointed that the mouse is so poor. It doesn't take much to make a bad product, this one definitely falls into the category.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *******************************I love my Dell. It is the most affordable laptop on the market. It can get pretty hot. I use a fan to cool the computer, but I have not been able to keep it that way. I have had to use the fan for the last month to keep the heat down, even though I have a good fan controller. I am very disappointed that I have to do that. I do not understand why Dell cannot do something about this problem. I bought this computer to replace a Dell XPS 13 that I bought because I was tired of being annoyed by the heat. When I saw the price and that the monitor is much better than my old Dell monitor, I had to have it. I also bought a keyboard with it. So far, I am happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you are an experienced user, and the product was good but a bit expensive, you can get a similar model from ebay and it's cheap.  That's why I bought this, for my old iphone.    I am very disappointed.  My old  iphone 5s has just about all I ever need:   It works great!   The battery life is about 4 months!  My iphones are not that old, but this iphONE 5s is a step up.  I will continue to purchase iphONES from eBay, but not this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem I have with this thing is that the battery life is terrible! I have to charge it up at least once a day. The other problems I have about this thing are that the controls are confusing and the touch screen is not very responsive. I just bought a new tablet because I love this product. I don't have anything bad to say about this one, just wish it had a better battery life!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Davey from Great device for my daughter! I bought this to give my 5 year old a nice, sturdy device to use with her new iPad Pro. It is a little on the heavy side, but her hands get tired after a while, and it is super easy to use. She's had it a few weeks and can't wait to play with her favorite games on it. It has a decent amount of storage, but I'd probably buy a larger case for the iPad Pro if I were going to buy another one.  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ipad mini for about 3 months now and it's terrible. the screen is bad, the buttons are all off, the battery life is poor and the screen goes black after about 10 minutes of not using it. so basically it's a toy and a pain in the ass to use. i hate this thing so much and it will never be my main computer. i'm glad i had my older ipad so i had an alternative but this one is just terrible.  Rated 5 out of 5 by dana from The best iPad ever I use my iPad a lot, and the mini fits in my hand so well I can't imagine a situation where I wouldn't need a computer. I also use my ipad as a video player for the family, and it is very lightweight. The battery life also lasts a long time, and I've never had an issue with the connection to the computer. This is my new go to iPad.  of the best i have ever used  The best iPad I have ever owned. The mini is small and light, which makes it easy to carry around and gives me the freedom to be productive.  (review from May, 2015)  I use my iPad and ipad together and both of them work just fine. I have two ipads and the apple ipad. I use both of the ipads together with the ipod mini and they work fine. The only thing I dislike is the screen, it is a little too small.  and very very happy about it.  the best iPad to have in your hands, I can not say enough good about this ipad, I recommend it to all my friends. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The phone is okay. The display is bright, has good color and contrast, and the display on the other hand, is extremely annoying to use. The screen is incredibly slow to respond, and when it does respond, it doesn't respond in a very smooth manner. The phone will sometimes hang after an app or two. The speakers are very poor, especially in low to medium volume. The only thing I like about the phone is that it has an FM radio, but that is only used in a few apps. Overall, the phone does what it's supposed to do, but it's very frustrating to use because the phone just doesn't work as well as it could.  Rated 5 out of 5 by MandyB from Very good phone, great screen, great price I'm very happy with this phone. I have had it for about a week now and it's already become one of my main phones. The size is great, the display is great and the phone battery is really good. The camera is really great and I can use it to take pictures all day long, so that's nice. The thing that I don't like is the slow response time. I'm not a huge fan of the screen, but other than that I think it's a great phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used the i2HD as a media player, but the only thing I like about this device is the size.  It's easy to hold and use as a portable player, even though the remote is too big for the back of the hand.  A few days ago I purchased an i2 HD from a friend.    It's pretty much a small USB-C stick that you can plug in your computer, charge, and play music.  In the video above I'm using the iHD with my computer.  The device is small enough that it fits comfortably in the palm of my hand and does not block the keyboard or trackpad.  This device works well with Windows, Linux, OS X, and Android.  I haven't tried playing it with iOS, but I assume it should work just fine.  For $29.95, I don't think this is too bad of a deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an excellent keyboard but the only good part is the number pad. The number pad is a terrible design. It has all the same problems as the other touch pad designs on the market. The numbers are way too small and the touch pad has an awful sticky surface. It is extremely hard to get to the number pads when you want to move the cursor around. It also has a very tiny area at the bottom where the number and punctuation keys should be. I used this keyboard for a year and it just doesn't work well at all. I'm very disappointed that I paid this much for a keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got my samsung galaxy s7 edge on the 15th of May 2016. I purchased this for my husband for his birthday on the 24th of April 2016 and it was only used for 2 days and the phone had a dead battery. It came with no warranty so I returned it to them. They refunded me the full price and sent me a new one for a refund. When I got the new one, I noticed the screen was almost completely off but the front and back was all working fine. I tried to go to settings but it says there is no option to turn the screen on or off. I have no clue what the problem is but the screen is not working. If the screen does not work and you are trying to turn it on, then it is probably your phone. I really hope it is not my phone because I paid for the phone to work properly. I am going to return this phone and look for a new phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this monitor in August and I've only had it for a month or so. I have a MacBook Pro 13" with a 2K resolution and I'm used to getting decent resolution for my monitors. This monitor is horrible! It doesn't have a resolution, just a number. The only thing this monitor does is give me the ability to look up to my computer screen. I don't know why Apple would sell something like this to the consumer who can't look at the screen. It's useless. The monitor is garbage! I will be returning it as soon as possible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - It didn't work the first time I tried to charge it, because the screen wouldn't turn on. I tried using the charger again, but it wouldn't charge at all. I bought another one.  - I use my phone a lot and this is just a piece of junk. I will never use this thing again.  is it really that bad?   I really like my Galaxy Nexus. It's fast and it works well. The only thing is I don't like that it doesn't have a headphone jack. That's my main gripe with the phone. It does have a nice battery life, but the lack of a headphone connector is annoying to me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I noticed about the new M-Audio USB DACs is that they are not USB 3.0.  That is not a bad thing in itself, but I find it odd that they haven't added an internal USB 3 port.  The new MAudio USB 3D USB DAC also includes an LED that shows the level of signal it is receiving, but it doesn't show the exact level of the audio.   If you want a DAC that works with the M-Track, M-Studio, M1, and M-Pro I would recommend these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it is not good quality. I ordered this as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it but I just have no use for it. The cord is really thin and the USB cord is not that thick. I have a hard time using it on my computer.  The case is also thin. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! I bought the GSM for my iPhone and it works great. The only problem I have with this device is that it only works with AT&T and not Verizon. I was planning on getting the AT& T version but now I have to get the Verizon one. I am a happy customer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the worst piece of crap I have ever bought. The battery is useless, the sound is terrible, the screen is black and the mouse is useless. I am giving up on this item.   Did you find this helpful? 3 of 3 Found Helpful  Reviewed by: (Verified Buyer) from Laconia, NH. on 2/26/2013 9:43:36 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am in my late 20s and have been searching for a quality laptop for a while now. I am really happy with my purchase. I'm on a budget and this is a very good deal. The device is light and portable. I also like the ability to customize my display and to add a touch screen. I've had the device for about two months now and so far it has held up great. I will say the battery life is not that great. It seems like it lasts maybe 6 hours on a full charge. I bought this for work and for personal use and I think the price is right for what you get. Read more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this one was a total pain in the ass.  I don't have any issues with the sound but the screen is just a big disappointment.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The first time I purchased this, I was a little disappointed with it. I was expecting a little more from it and to be honest it's a little under powered. But it's great for those that want something a little smaller than a dvd player and has a decent sound. For that price, it's hard to beat.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really liked this device. It has everything I wanted in a camera. I can take a picture with a smartphone and edit the picture. I could get a lot more from this than a smartphone. The quality is a little low compared to some other phones. I use it in my car and it has been great. However, I have some concerns about the durability. I have to take the phone apart and put it back together many times because it does not hold up to the abuse I am putting it through. I also have to buy a case every time I want to use it. I am hoping that the new model will have the same quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace an old computer that was too old and didn't work well. I'm not sure what happened but when I got this i tried to turn it on it wouldn't turn on. It's only good for gaming. I bought the replacement one and it worked perfectly. I don't know why they changed the battery but it still won't turn it off and i have to shut down and power it back on. I will never buy another Samsung product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just wanted to thank you for this product and for providing such an amazing service. I had my first sonogram at 21 weeks and I'm glad I found you! I've used this device a few times and it is the best! It's easy to use and the results are great! I'm a nurse so I'm very picky about the equipment I use, and this one is hands down the best and the most comfortable for me. It has a great range of sensitivity and the light is easy to see. I love that I can see all the colors and the sensitivity is great as well. I would definitely recommend this device! Thank you!  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: Tami L. - Verified Buyer I am so happy that I found the ECP-300 at BabyCenter.com. I have been using a pregnancy friend's ECP for my second pregnancy and I was very impressed with the ease of use. It was very easy to calibrate and I have found it to be very accurate in my measurements. I am only slightly worried about the size of the device (as I am pregnant with twin boys and I want to make sure that the baby will have enough room to grow in the uterus). I am also worried that I might have a little bit too much blood flow during the first pregnancy and that my sonogram may show an abnormal amount of baby. I just want to say thanks for the service and for making sure that my pregnancy friend can give me the information she needs! This device is the absolute best in my book.  Reviewed By: Lisa M. - Seattle, WA. - 2/28/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!  and I am very happy to say that I am the proud mom of a beautiful little boy! I am 5 months pregnant and my OB/GYN just referred me to the EHP-300 and I couldn't be happier! I had a very close call when I was pregnant. I was trying to decide between the EHC and EHP when I started my second trimester. I decided to go with the EHG and I did well with that. I did get an abnormal number, but my son was born fine. I started to worry when I found out I was expecting twins, but I knew I wanted the EPP. I couldn''t have been more happy with the results! I was worried that my numbers would be off
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is terrible.  It will only last for 3-5 hours of use.    I would recommend a battery pack with more capacity, if it was possible.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I'm really happy with this product I really wanted to find a portable power source for my Canon digital camera that didn't cost a fortune.  This is a great buy.  It works well.  There are some minor drawbacks, like the cord can be a little short but it is easy to adjust. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I am using this device to make a high-quality soundboard for a small, quiet Yamaha piano. It is very nice, but the volume control does not work! I'm not sure what the problem is. The piano is plugged in and the volume knob is at about half way down. I am guessing the volume was just a little too high. I'll try it again, but maybe I need a different type of volume control.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- It's a good little phone, but it's very slow. If you're a heavy user like me, you'll be very disappointed. -------------------------- I bought a T-Mobile sim card for this phone. After some time I tried to send an SMS from my other phone using this phone and the text would not go through. I contacted T-mobile support and they said that the problem is that my sim card is not compatible with their phones. I got a new sim card from a different carrier. I hope that this phone will be replaced soon, or I will have to use another phone. ****************** *****************  Good phone. Slow. ********** ***********  i have a verizon phone but after a few months my phone just stops working ************* ********  I'm not a huge fan of the Tmobile phone, it's slow, buggy and unreliable. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that they offer a 2 year free unlimited plan that includes texting and data. If that's the only issue that you have with it, I can't see the problem. ************** ************  The phone is slow and crashes all the time. My son had to call T-Mo because the phone won't charge him anything when he calls. The guy told him that it would charge him but it never does. He was stuck paying for Tmobile and that's where he got the phone.  Says that this is the new LG Optimus G. I have the LG G4, the LG V20, and the LG Optimus M5. These three phones have very similar specs and specs are very similar as well. I'm surprised that a company would put a Tmobile branded device on the LG line and call it the LG version of the phone, because the LG LG V5 is the same exact phone. The LG G5 is not even close to the performance and speed of the LG Tmobile Optimus G5. The V20 is slower than the LG M5 and the G4 is slower then the LG Iphone 6s Plus. The G5 does not have the fast charging that the LG does and is slow to charge compared to the LG. The Optimus G is the only phone that I've seen that is better than the M5 in every way except speed. I will not be buying the LG phones and will stick with my LG G3. The phone is also very expensive compared
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "When I hear the word 'pussy' I think of a penis."  -George Carlin
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the zenfone 2 and zenfon 2 for a while and this one is the worst of the bunch. Ive used them for a few months and they are the worst. they have a bad touch screen that doesnt work, no wifi, no bluetooth. i have been using the samsung galaxy s3 and the s4 edge and they work perfect. the zefone 2 has a bad screen that only works on the screen dimmer. the bluetooth doesnt work at all. i tried everything and the only thing that works is the usb port to charge the phone. theres nothing else that does. i also have a samsung s3 but that one works fine as well. this one needs to go away. i will never get another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm writing a review about an electronic device that's been broken for months and months and nothing has happened! The customer service agent told me the battery is bad and that I need to get a replacement for a different brand but I am too far away to get to it right now. The battery will definitely not hold a charge! I just want to get rid of this worthless piece of junk and move on with my life.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was so cheap I bought it for Christmas. It works but the problem is that it's so small it's hard to plug in. When I try to turn the volume up and down, the volume doesn't go up and the mute button doesn't work. It seems to be broken. I have to remove the speakers and put my earbuds in. This is a real bad deal. The only good thing about this is that you can use it to listen to music without having to plug it in. It is very cheap, but the quality is terrible. It should not be for under $100.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jr from I have only had it about a month and I am not satisfied... I have not had it long, but I bought this to use as my backup mp3 player in my car. It came with a usb cable, but it is very hard to use. I tried using a different usb cord that I bought for my other mp3 players but it doesn't have the same functionality as the usb cord provided. Also the sound quality is very bad. I am using a portable speaker for music and it works perfectly. The battery life is terrible, it only lasts 2.5 hrs. My other mp player works fine. I'm looking for a good audio player for my car so I can stream my music. I've had this for about a week and have not been happy with it at all. The quality is bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The design is nice but the design is bad. The plastic parts of the speaker and mic are so fragile that they can be easily bent. There is no way I can use this device while walking and running. The microphone is so flimsy that it's hard to use. The camera's lens is so small that it can easily fall out. The battery is also so cheap that you can't get a good night's use out of it. The best thing about this product is that it is waterproof, but I don't think you should be taking it underwater for a long period of time. If you don't want to deal with the flaws, then go with the Sennheiser MKE 600.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The keypad does work on the unit. This is the only problem. The keypads don't have any rubber coating on them, and it is very hard to type on. The rubber is also easily scratched by fingernails and scratches can easily be seen through the keypad. I recommend purchasing a new keypad or at least a rubber coated keypad with a better feel.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It is very annoying and annoying to see this app and it's very slow and unreliable!!! I am very disappointed in this app!!! Please update it!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, July 25, 2016  This app is great, but it is slow.  by: J.M. from CA USA  Pros: It does what it says.  and the speed is great.  in the future it might be useful  Cons: I'm disappointed in the speed of the app. I don't think it's good for a small business. I would be happy if the app was faster, but that would require a big update. .  The only reason I gave it a 3 star is because I have to use the internet at my office and this app is the only way to connect to the internet. I'm sorry it's slow, but I'll use this app as it's only $1.99. I wish there were better options for small businesses that don't have the resources to update their apps.  the app is good and I would use it again. but if you have an internet speed of under 2.5 Mb/s, you won't get the best use out of this app.  (Review of a product)  Review by: John from St Louis, MO USA ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this product for about 3 months now and its great. The only problem I have is that the batteries in it are extremely low and dont last long. The batteries will last for about a week if you dont charge them as much as i should. The problem is that i am in a college dorm room and they are almost dead out. I will have to look at other brands of batteries. Overall great product and great price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now. it works great. i had a problem with a power line that the box didnt like. this is the first thing ive ever bought from kobalt. i have a nokia 7200m and i think it will be just fine with this. i can live without the screen though, it's very small and has a very small bezel around it. it's a great product for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The phone did the exact opposite of what I expected it to do. I was told that it would be a good phone, but after having used the product for over a week now, I am now at a loss. I have been using a Motorola mobile phone for years, but I decided to replace it with this device. The problems I have had are numerous. The first was the inability to take photos. I took a photo of my dog and sent it to my mother, and it came back saying that it was not a valid photo. I called Motorola and they told me that I had a problem with the camera. I am unable to take good pictures due to the lack of a good camera. After calling Motorola again, they told that I could have a second opinion. After this I was unable to find a way to take a good photo. The second problem is the lack a micro sd card. I could not figure out why this phone was not having a micro SD card slot. After having been using an iphone 4 and an ipad and being satisfied with both, I decided that this phone just needed a microSD card slot so I could store more pictures and music. I also noticed that the back of the phone is very shiny and scratched a lot. I cannot believe that I was supposed to purchase this product with so many problems, but in all honesty I bought it anyways. I will continue to use it, but only for emergencies. It is now more than a year since I have purchased it and have not seen a single positive feature. I highly recommend this phone if you do not want to be forced to change to a newer phone due to a lack of memory.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This one was a dud! I bought this to replace my iphone 3s iphon for my work laptop. The thing just worked on a basic setting. It has the standard iphones voice and the voice does not sound like it is recorded. It's like a recording from a tape recorder. This is why I returned it. Rated 5 out of 5 by Bored from Awesome product! I am not the biggest fan of the 3rd generation iPhones but the iphoner is a great addition to the lineup. I was hesitant to purchase it but the price was right and the fact that it has 3 different sound presets is a nice feature to have. I'm a professional recording artist and I really like the sound presets. I will be purchasing more of these. I love the fact it has two mic inputs as well as the ability to use it as a mic input.  Rated 3 out of the 5 by Chris from Does the job I like this product but it's not great quality. My phone has been using this unit for a few weeks now. I've used it for voice over work and the audio quality is terrible. I have to turn it up way too loud and the mic is too much like a tinny microphone. I guess if you want to be a rock star and have a voice-over I guess this is the unit for you. If you're just recording your voice and not having it heard, you should probably go with a better quality device. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because of the price. It is really good for what it is. It would be really nice if it was made of a nicer material or had a better build. I'd rather spend more and get a better unit.  is a wonderful device for voice overs, and for a good price I have no reason to not buy a couple more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for over 2 years and ive had several problems. ive replaced the battery 3 times, the device never lasts longer than a month.  the screen has a lot of wear.  ive tried to get them to send out a replacement but the warranty does not cover the battery.  there is no software to help you turn the screen off.  i bought another one and it also has problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two LG G4 phones, a Samsung Galaxy S5, and an HTC One M9.  Both of the phones are running the latest version of Android (v.4.4).  The Samsung phone is running Android Lollipop (5.0).  the HTC phone is using the Android Loll.   I had the phone for a couple weeks, and so far it has performed flawlessly.  It has a screen that is larger than my old Galaxy S3, but that is to be expected since it is bigger.  I have a Galaxy S4, so I have gotten used to having larger screens on phones, but not on a phone with a 5 inch screen.  My only gripe with this phone is that the fingerprint scanner is not as good as it should be.  This is a minor issue.  It is an easy fix and I can live with it.  The phone also has a battery that is slightly bigger than my Galaxy S7 Edge.  However, it does last me a day, and my wife has had the same phone for about a month. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a very good device, but the batteries don't last long. I bought the rechargeable battery and it is a good deal, but they only last 2 hours at a time. If you have a good supply of batteries, buy them. I wish they had more options to charge batteries. It's nice to have a device that is easy to use, but if you want a better device, this is a great deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice phone. I love it!  I love that the screen is not too bright.  It's great for a dark room.  And I love the phone's software.  It's like having a computer with a larger screen, but without all the crap software that comes on top.   I'm a little annoyed with it, but it's not a huge deal for me.  I'd buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen does not display any colors except for the blue light that comes on as the battery dies. This is a huge waste of money. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 18, 2017 It works as a remote control I've had the Remote Control for a couple years now and the battery has been good. However, when the battery died I thought I would try the Battery Charger. I did and the only problem I found was that the battery was too low. When I plugged in the charger I had to take it off and put it back on to get the battery back up to the desired level. I bought the replacement batteries and the Remote was just fine. So I was quite surprised to read on the Amazon website that the Remote is no longer supported. I had read the reviews and the replacement battery was $10 more than the replacement remote. I'm sure I will replace the Remote with another one but I think I'll save $10 by just getting the new battery. Thank you, Amazon! Was the review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a second hand Apple iBook G4 about a year ago, and it has been a pain in the ass. I bought it because it was cheaper than the brand new Dell Latitude 1040g laptop. When I first turned it on, it immediately ran out of battery, so I thought "ok, maybe I should give it another chance". It was a great price at £130, so why not. Then the battery started going dead after about 6 months. The battery indicator light remained on, so the battery was still good. After a couple of weeks, I was starting to think "I am not getting anything for this amount of money". Then, it just went dead. I called Apple, and they told me that I should have gotten a new battery for it. But, the iBook g4's original battery is good for 3 years, so you would think they would have replaced it before I bought the second hand. The only thing that I am happy about is the fact that it comes with a case. I got a free one. The case is ok. It is a cheap plastic case that fits well, but not really well. You can see some of the edges on the case and they do make a slight indentation in the case. So, the only thing I am left with is the old battery. I am considering getting a new iBook and replacing the battery with the new one that comes with the case, but that is a lot of money for a book that will only last a year. So far I am not impressed. If you are considering this product, buy the one that is new, not the second one. The other good things:    The iBook's trackpad is great. It has a nice feel and it is very responsive. It also has a very high resolution. The trackpad has a smooth feel, it is not overly clicky. It does not have any latency. The one problem I have with it is that the trackpad does not work as well on Mac OS X as it does on Windows. If the track pad is not responsive on Mac, then it is really not as good as on Windows 8. I have found that the best way to use this laptop is on Windows, and then use the trackpads on Windows to use the laptop as a desktop PC. I use it mainly for web browsing and reading eBooks. For video, it's good. I like the 1080
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The device is great for a small home office. The quality of the keyboard is very good. The screen is easy to read and the device has enough space for everything I needed to do. But there is no good way to connect the USB device to the computer. The cable was very stiff and it did not stay in place. I had to get a different USB cable to get the device to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  The phone is not reliable. I was looking for a good mobile for work but could not find anything. It has to do with the quality of the phone and the quality I got. It's not a big deal. The phone is great for calling my doctor and other family members. But I was in the hospital with my child and could not call for about a week. I had to use my mom's phone. And now I don't want my daughter to have to do the same. I have been looking at phones for years and never had to be without my phone for a long time. I guess I got a bad one.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Posted By:1 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The problem with the keyboard is that it is quite bad. The keys are not very soft. When I tried to use the keyboard, it was so frustrating that I just gave up on the whole thing. I can't say that I'm a pro at the keyboard as I have never used one before. The keyboard is very difficult to type on. If I try to do any kind of math, the numbers just wouldn't come out. If you're an engineer, I guess it's the perfect tool for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works great. The problem I had with it is that the battery life was terrible. It only lasts about 4 to 5 hours of playing music. The sound quality was good, but it was extremely annoying. I can only imagine how annoying it would be to have to plug it in every night to play music. I wish I could give this a 4 star rating, but after reading the reviews, I can't.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- After several years of trying to use my iPod and iPhone, I finally found the right one to use with my computer. This one is so easy to use and works flawlessly. The only thing I don't like about it is the size, it's not very large. I wish it was bigger. Also, I wish that it had a headphone jack instead of a mini jack so that I could use the speaker while I listen to music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ I have a Lenovo Aptiv E500 laptop, which I use for both my work and home computers. I'm pretty sure that I've replaced every component that I can get my hands on, from the motherboard to the hard drives to the keyboard. I've tried different types of batteries and chargers, and even tried the Dell charger, but none of them have ever been able to charge the battery in the laptop, so I just decided to return it and try a different brand. This time, I decided to buy a cheap e-cigarette from Amazon and then try to use the laptop as a cigarette lighter, but the e-cig lasted a few minutes before blowing up in my face and I had to buy another one. I also tried the Sony VTC-VTC5 and it worked better, but it was too expensive and I couldn't use it in a window. The last brand I tried, the Sanyo Eneloops, was the only one that I could use in a light. If you're looking for a decent laptop or laptop stand, but want to avoid using a cigarette, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a bad idea and it will cause a lot of damage to the equipment you use and the customer. The only positive thing I can say is that I have been working with my dad's old laptop for about 4 years and this is a good upgrade from the last model.!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Apple TV, a piece of junk with a very slow processor, and it has a few problems. First, it doesn't come with a remote. Second, the remote does not work, and the Apple Remote App is useless.  The remote app is only useful if you have the Apple device.    Third, the TV will turn itself on and off on its own.  It seems that there is some sort of bug or problem with the device. This is a great product if you are a home theater lover, and can afford the price tag.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jmatt from The Best of the Best I have a 2-channel 4K AV Receiver.  This is the only one that is compatible with 4K.  The picture quality is fantastic.  I can watch movies on my tv with the sound off and the sound on with this.  With the sound it is very easy to switch between TV channels and movies on a computer.  If you don't have an Apple TV but want to watch 4K videos with sound then this is the one to get. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery is a piece of garbage. It would not last 2 weeks.  The charger is garbage. The charger is made from a piece that's made from cardboard. It takes too long to charge.  the phone does not even last a week.   I purchased this phone and have had it for almost two months. I use it every day, I work on it and play music from my iphone. It is very fast, no lag at all. But the charger is crap. The phone does charge, but it takes too much time to charge up. I bought this phone because I wanted to keep my ipod and this phone is not even close to the iphon. I can't imagine using this phone with my  ipod, I will be buying a new one soon. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   "The product is good but the price is really high"  I am very happy with the product but the high price is quite a surprise, even more than I expected. I'm not sure if it's a good product, but I'm very satisfied with it.   I just bought the product yesterday and I got it in 3 days. I have used the product for 3 weeks, and I really like the product. I used to use my old Sony PS2 for games and music, but the noise from the old console made my ears hurt so much. So when I got the PS3, I was really surprised. The quality is much better than I thought, and the PS2 games I played are much better quality than I remembered.   in conclusion, the product is worth it, and it is cheap. If you are a Sony fan, you should buy this product. It is the best product that Sony has made.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound was really good for the price.  I have to say, the sound is so loud, it's hard to get the volume on when playing it, so it's really a shame that the microphone doesn't pick up sound so well.    So my rating for this unit is 1 star.  -No mic for your computer sound to come through -The remote doesn't have any functionality -Sound is so strong, it drowns out everything else Overall I give the M-audio Studio 1/8 a rating of 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  I bought this because I am a "cord cutter" who cuts out individual cables for various applications. However, it is very poor quality, so I ended up using two of them to make a two-way splitter, which works but is not as good as the first two I bought. I would not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The original iPod has a great feature that allows you to plug in the USB cord and turn the device on. Unfortunately, the feature does not work in my case. The plug is not as thick as I thought it would be, and it just does not fit the cable. I'm sure I could have bought a different plug, but the original one just seems to work better. The original iPod does have an extra function to change the iPod's volume (not sure how it works with the iPhone), but the function is much more limited. Overall, this is an amazing product, but it just needs a little more work in the plug and in the design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received the new iPhone 4S (or maybe it was the iPhone 5), and after a little testing, I think I have some pretty strong opinions about this one.  This is the first phone I've bought in 5 years that doesn't require a special case to protect the screen.    The screen is really clear, but there is a noticeable color difference between the phone and the iPhone 3GS.   It's not really a huge difference, but I notice it when I'm reading a text on my iPhone, or playing a game on my iPod.  And it's not just color, but the difference is much smaller than the difference between my old 3GS and my new 4S.  It also takes longer to charge from the iPhone's wall socket, which I don't care for.  I have a few complaints about the phone.  1)   There's a slight delay in the camera's focus after the flash has fired.  This is very annoying.  Sometimes it doesn't take a second to focus after a flash, sometimes it takes a second or more.  Also, there's a little delay between pressing the shutter button and the picture taking.  The photo doesn't come out as quickly as it should, and sometimes it looks like the picture was taken after I had released the shutter.  2)  The camera's "selfie" feature isn't very good.  You need to be really close to your subject to take a great picture of them.  There are a few problems with this feature: 1) You can't have two people take the picture.  2) You have to press the shutter a lot more than the iPhone does. 3) You don't see your picture on the iPhone at all until you take a photo from the phone's camera app. 4) You still have to take another picture from the same angle, and you can't move in any direction while taking the second picture. 5)  There is a delay between taking a picture and seeing it on the screen, so you can see what you've got. 6)  You can get a "ghost" picture of the subject, so that it appears as if the subject is moving after you've taken the picture, but they are not.  But it's worth the wait.  Overall, I like this phone, but would have preferred a better camera.  If I could go back to my old iphone,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 months and i'm very unhappy. 1. it takes about 4 days to come back from being on the shelf after i return it and it's not cheap 2. it has a tendency to get lost in the back of my bag so i have to be very careful to keep it out of the way. 3. when i take it out, i'm constantly looking to see if it's there 4. it's very loud 5. when it's on, it has to be held in the right hand so that it doesn't fall to the floor or roll all over the place. i know it's only an hour, but this is unacceptable. if it wasnt for the fact that i already had a phone and i just wanted to have a nice bluetooth speaker with the bluetooth that was only $50 and was pretty good, i would have never even tried it.  Great Bluetooth Speaker! Review by Mark. (Posted on 10/19/16) Customer rating: Performance  Value  Quality It's great to have Bluetooth music streaming with a little more flexibility in the settings. I can play a variety of music without having to worry about how much battery life I have left or what the volume levels are on the speakers. I'm really pleased with the sound and the ease of use of the speaker.  of all the devices i've had this with, the blueman is the best so far.  and as for the noise level, it's surprisingly low, especially considering the speaker's size and power.  the only thing i wish it did was have the ability to stream music from my phone. . ,  (Posted on 8/27/16 )  It's really nice Review by Paul. ( Posted on 8 the 29/15 ) : Performance
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this for a few months now. I bought it for my husband to use on the side of the road when he is in the passenger seat. It was very good at first, but after about 3 months the battery died and the sound is really bad. He doesn't want to use it anymore. He had it for about 5 months and when he got it he liked it a lot. I think it was because he liked how light it was. But now after having it for less than a year it has no life left. I'm very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my husband who works out of a van and he loves it. It has a great design and is very lightweight. He says he uses the screen to look at his phone while at work but can't use it for other things. The buttons are small so I'm not sure how many buttons are needed but it's ok for him. It's a little loud when it's running so I might be able to get rid of the speakers and replace them with something quieter. Overall, I'd recommend it for people who want a small and portable computer and the sound quality is awesome!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! I received this thing in the mail, and I'm a big fan of the original!!! and!!! (the newest!!! is the best). So this one is no different. I was excited about this one as well, because it was $50 cheaper than the original. However, I must say that it is not as good as the original. The sound quality is horrible. The volume is so low that it's impossible to hear anything when you're trying to listen to a podcast or a conversation. The built in speakers are way too loud for anything but music. I've only used it for about 5 hours so far, but it still hasn't worked properly (my computer is still running at full speed). I have to turn off my computer to turn it back on, and when I try to do that it shuts down again. This thing will not let me turn my computer off. The only way to turn my system back on is to hold down the power button for a couple of minutes until the computer shuts down (which isn't ideal, but at least you can turn off the computer). The battery life is pathetic as well. It'll last maybe 5 hours on a charge. I really wanted to like this product, but I can't recommend it to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by J.L. from Best bang for your buck I use this for podcasts. I can listen to my podcast over the internet and not have to worry about losing a podcast. I use it for shows from the local radio station. It is very easy to use and I have been very pleased with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life was horrible.  I kept having to charge it to get it to work again.    The remote is not great.  The sound quality is not bad but I would prefer a stereo speaker or something like that.  It is great as a home media center but if you need it to play some music it is not for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple months now and the first couple times it got caught in my door as well. Then my wife found out about this and she wanted one for her house. ive called the manufacturer to get it fixed but they dont do it. then i realized i had left my phone in the door and when i came home and tried to get in the house i found out that my phone had been replaced with a different one. iven i have the door opened my phone doesnt work. so now i have to have a new phone or pay to have the original replaced with my phone because they don't even replace the doors when the phone breaks.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Sony HD TV a couple years ago because I wanted to add a digital tuner and have some of the older cable channels available on the big screen. I had the TV for about a month and had some issues with it. It would go to sleep sometimes and wouldn't power on, the sound would be bad and I couldn't use the remote to change channels because it wasn't connected to my television. I contacted Sony and they said I needed to get a replacement unit or pay for an exchange. So, I took the TV back and purchased this unit and have no issues. I use this to watch TV in my bedroom and have only had to power on and power off once. This is a great product!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Dwayne from Good quality, not too loud and easy to install. I bought this as a replacement for my old TV. I am a big guy, 6'5", 240-280 pounds, so the large TV is very large for my room. I purchased this TV because I have a 4K TV and wanted to watch some 4K content on it. After using the TV a few days, I noticed that it was very loud. I don't have a lot of neighbors so this wasn't an issue for me. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that the remote control isn't very intuitive. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do when I try to adjust the picture. Other than that, this is a good quality TV for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** This thing just works so poorly. When I first got it, I figured it would be OK. I have the iPhone 4S and I really like the 4S screen. I love the camera and the touch screen. My phone charges fine and it works fine. But the speaker is terrible. The audio is so loud, and I have to turn the volume way up in my car or my ears are going to bleed. I'm a musician so the volume is very important to me. I would have never gotten the iPhone if it wasn't for the speaker. I was going to try to get a second one, but I'm still pissed that I wasted money on this thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a Christmas gift for a friend who loves to play with gadgets. I bought it with the hopes that it would work, but after two days I can't get it to work at all. I got it in mint condition so I was expecting a good experience. Unfortunately the "function" buttons are not functional. They just seem to be a black box with a light on top. I've looked at other reviews and none of them mention this. The LED lights on top are still very bright though. The buttons are very stiff to push, but I can push them with my thumb to get them to turn on. I'm going to try to contact the company for a refund since I don't feel I was given a fair price for the product. The battery life is terrible. After two days of continuous use, the battery was completely dead. This thing only has a small amount of battery, but it should be able to last a good amount of time. I don´t know if I'm a defective unit or what, but the battery is definitely a negative.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** The first thing I noticed about this is that it is loud, the second thing is that I can't seem to get it to turn off. This is not a phone but an e-reader so the sound is more of an annoyance. I think it would be better if the light is on a timer so you don't have to wait for the e-book to turn on and turn off for a few minutes. The battery life is also terrible. I bought this so I can get the full Kindle experience and the battery is a joke. It's probably good for a week but I can only expect about 3-4 books per day. I can go a couple hours without it dying but I really hope the battery lasts longer.  by Chris from PA on 9/29/2014  I purchased this for my husband. It is the only e-Reader I can stand without needing to use my iPhone. It does not light up or flash, but is easy to read. It was easy to use with a simple on/off button. It has a good weight to it and I found it to be a very good size. My husband likes it but it does not come with a charger so I bought a Kindle 2 for him to use. He has a few books so he will have plenty of reading material.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm very satisfied with this device, but I did have to go back to the store to get the replacement battery, because the one I got didn't work. I bought the unit thinking it would be like an iPad mini, but it's much bigger. I think it would fit in my bag. The only negative is that the battery is very flimsy and I had to get a little glue to hold it in place. It also is not very bright.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************ I've had my laptop for over a year now, and have been very happy with it. However, recently I had a problem with the fan and decided to replace it. The laptop was shipped new, and the fan seemed to be ok at first. It was fine until it started to blow cool air from the back of the laptop. I was so disappointed in this that I took the laptop to a repair place and asked them to replace the fan. When they tried to replace, they found out that the fan wasn't actually working, and they told me to return it. They also gave me a new one at no charge. The new one seems to work, but I'm very disappointed in the fact that I had to pay a $10 dollar to get the computer back. The quality of this product is the only thing I've changed. The fan was not worth the money to me.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from good product I'm not sure how much I would recommend this product because it's just not good for any kind of professional use. It's not loud, so the laptop isn't loud. It can only handle so much power and there is no power switch, so you have to turn the computer on and off with the AC adapter, or plug it into the wall. It has one port on the front, so if you're using it in a bedroom or living room, it's fine. I also found that it didn't have a USB 3.0 port. I bought this to use in a room with two computers (one running Windows 8 and one running Windows 7). The Windows 8 computer is a bit louder than the Windows 7 one, but it still works. It does not run any slower than a computer with an Intel processor. If I was using this to work in a small office, it would be fine. It is loud enough for me, but if you are a small company, it may be a problem. The only thing about it that I really don't like is that the case doesn't come with any instructions. The manual was very basic and I couldn't find a step-by-step guide for it. It also doesn't include any screws, which is a big plus. Overall, I would probably just buy the cheapest laptop you can find and use it for personal use.  the fan blows a little bit loud. I have it on a desk in the front of my living room office. The keyboard
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two of these.  They are really nice, but the screen on one has a bad backlight that never goes out (at least in the pictures).  The other one has been fine.    I would give it 3.5 stars.  I have one that is 5 years old and has a defective touch screen that won't work.  It is very hard to fix.  The company has been a long time customer of mine.  Thank you for your feedback, we'll be in touch to see if we can assist.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "No matter how great an idea the Apple 3GS is, it's too expensive."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* The unit was defective from the start. It only came with 2 USB connectors and they were completely bad. You can barely use the device and the cables that came with it are a complete joke. The unit is also way too loud. ********** I have only had it for 2 days, but I have to say that this is the WORST case of defective quality I have ever purchased. The first problem is that the USB connectors are completely bad from the get go. They have no threads, which is why you can't use the units with your computer. The second problem is the sound is way too much. If I were to use this on a car, it would probably just be a noise nuisance. If you want a unit that comes with all the features of a laptop and comes with decent sound and is really good for a low price, this is it. But I am not willing to pay the $400 that it would cost to get a good one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: jp_dude
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A lot of the problems I had with the Z2 started with a bad power adapter. The adapter had a big flaw: it was the wrong color. I tried several adapters but none of them worked. I had to return it and buy a replacement adapter.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ipad since the first one, and it has always had a bad screen. the one i just bought had a few nicks, and was pretty blurry on the screen but the one that came with my ipad 4 has a screen that is clear and sharp. if you have a good camera you can still use your ipad but its not a good choice.  Rated 1 out of 5 by James from It does what it says, but I don't like it. I bought a used ipad and bought the "slim" version. This version comes with the extra buttons that you can't find on the slim version (which I can't understand, since the screen is the same). I'm really disappointed because I was looking for the extra button and the "screen saver" feature that I can get on the skinny version. I can do a few things with this ipad, but it doesn't work as well as I thought it would. I've had the ipad for a week now and my screen still doesn't get a perfect picture. The image is blurry and grainy. It's not worth the price I paid for it. It is not worth spending a whole day to use this ipod for a day. I am going to send it back. I'm not giving it another chance. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received this as a gift for Christmas. I'm very disappointed in the product, it does not work at all. I can't even get through the phone. The only reason I bought this was to use on my cell phone. I am not happy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I got this for a gift I bought for my father as he's an old man and I really wanted to see if this would work. It did but he didn't want to use it as he has arthritis. It was only $25 and a couple hours after I got it he still had to use the cane because he couldn't walk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work, but it's cheap. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item does not work as advertised! It is so much smaller than what is pictured. It's not like the other small items in the same size, but it's not the same. I love the other items in this price range, but this one is not worth it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works well with all my music! This has been my go to for my turntable setup for the last two years. It is small and fits great on the shelf. The quality of the record is excellent and I can put a ton of music on this. -Came with the vinyl but is compatible with all your other devices too.  in my opinion it is the best product for the price out there.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My phone died on me last week, so I took it to Best Buy to try it out.  I'm not going to get all technical on you, but there are a couple of problems I have.  First, it's an iPhone 3G, which is still around.  Second, it doesn't do what I need it to do.   I'm a graphic designer, and this app lets me create and save images and videos.  So the problem is that I need to be able to use this app, and it won't let me do that.  Third, it is only available in one color (black).  I want my phone to look like this: But no, that's not possible.  And lastly, I have to pay $0.99 per month for the app.  Why?  If I'm paying a monthly fee to get a free app, then I shouldn't have to do anything else.  Well, maybe I should use this to take pictures of my cats, but I don't know about that. Don't buy this phone if:   This is a good phone, but not great.   It's not going back to Best Buys anytime soon.  You should only buy this if you need to take a picture, and don't want to spend $0 to do it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I bought this as a backup for my Mac Pro, I wanted something small and easy to use that would allow me to do my main editing on my computer. The problem is that the Mac Pro has a really good display but the audio is very weak and I don't use the audio out for any audio. This monitor is so weak I can't even use it for anything else other than reading or playing my music. The audio isn't terrible but it's nothing to write home about. I could be getting a better product but I have the Apple one and I'm much happier with it. I'm a student and I would have preferred a better quality. If you're looking for a cheap monitor this isn't for you.  The sound is not great. The color looks really good and I just wanted something that could be easily connected to my computer for my audio needs. I was expecting a good monitor with a decent price, but this monitor is pretty awful. I think that Apple is charging a little too much for this monitor. I don' expect much for the price, and I really don't see how this is worth the price. It's a waste of money, and if you want a decent monitor for the money you can get better for less.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the first one for about a month. its a very nice device and is very well made but the usb cable comes loose quite often. I have had to use my credit card to get a replacement but the first time it happened I had to go to the store and buy a new one. i am not sure if it is because the cable has a different color from the old one or what. i just wish the cable was longer or better quality so that it wont happen.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 03, 2011  by A Customer from New Orleans, LA  Review: I bought this to replace a Dell laptop that was having problems. I'm using it for work. I bought the USB-C to HDMI adapter, but I'm not sure how I would go about using this on a computer without the HDMI port. It's just too small for my needs.  the usb ports are a little tight to get in and out, and the cable is too long and the USB 3.0 port has a bad connector. I've tried the adapter cable, and it works great. I would not recommend this to anyone. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is horrible. I got this for my 14 yr old son as a gift. The first time he tried it he tried to get the buttons to work but then his fingers started to hurt. I tried it out with the same issue. I was very excited to buy this one as a Christmas gift. I am disappointed as it seems to be made by a third world country. I have been using a similar item for the last ten years but this one is worse than the first. My only hope is that some of the other reviewers can find something good to say about it. I don't have the slightest use for this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This is the worst electronic device I have ever used. When it works, it works fine. But when it doesn't work, it's a pain in the ass. I ordered two of these for my son, but both were faulty. First one, the key worked for about a week. After that, it would not turn on. It was stuck at 3rd gear. Then it would stay in first gear and then go into 2nd. I had to unplug it and try it again. Second one, I bought a new one and it also had the same problem. Then I had my mom buy a new key, and the key works fine now. My husband thought it was a cheap key for the price it was at, but I had another key that had the exact same problem and it worked perfectly. Now my son doesn't want to use the computer at all, and I don't want him to use my laptop anymore, so I had it replaced. I am very disappointed in this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a huge fan of the sony cd player for years. the sound quality is amazing for a $200 device and it's very easy to use. however, the playstation 2 player was not very good at all. the player would sometimes disconnect from the TV when playing and other times the audio quality was so bad that the sound was barely discernable. also, the sound would disconnect for a good while, even when the system was turned on. the playstion 2 player also had a serious problem with overheating. it overheated so bad and i was constantly trying to figure out why the sound system was so hot. i decided to buy this player as my next project and after a couple weeks, i had no problems with it. i have no problems using it at all and i would highly recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from The new Sony Playstation 2 Player - Very nice. This is a great replacement for the old Sony Playstation II player. The unit works great, and the sound is fantastic. It's the perfect size for my HTPC, as the previous Sony model is much larger. The playstation controller works just fine, and even has a little bluetooth connection for wireless game play. I'm happy with the purchase, and I would recommend this unit to anyone looking for a great audio/video entertainment system.  the best player ive ever used
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years, and the last two days i have had it, it has been replaced, twice. I have used it every day for about a month now, and i cant seem to find a problem with it. The battery life is great, i get over 4 hours from a full charge. it comes with a 2 year warranty. it's very sturdy, it's a great value. it has a decent sound, and looks cool too. it looks like a phone that should be around in the future. i dont know what my problem is. the only thing i would change is that it should have a better case for it, and that it has the battery on the back instead of the side. if it had a case it would be perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for a while, and i dont like it. it has a hard time picking up the music i want to listen to, the volume is very high, and the volume of the voice is too high. it doesnt use the volume knob to adjust the volume, so its hard to adjust with one hand. also, it's very hard to use the buttons, which are all a pain to reach and hard to press. so far i've used it once, and have not been impressed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great quality for the price! This is a great value for the money. I use it for both music and phone calls. It's loud enough to listen with headphones and its quiet enough to not get in the way. I love that it uses AA batteries (not included). I like the remote, but only because I have one, and I don't like the idea of having to use two fingers to adjust it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The device works as advertised, however the power supply is very flimsy, and doesn't seem to be made with the highest quality materials. I am not sure why the power brick is so small. Other than that the unit works well.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I purchased the iPad 2  I expected it to be a good device.  After installing a couple of applications ( iPhoto, GarageBand, etc) and playing with it a bit, I realized that it was a very good tablet for the price. Â I was expecting a much better device, but for the $249 price tag it is well worth the purchase.    If I have a complaint it would be that the battery life is very poor, but that is because I use the device in an enclosed case, and I think the design is very cool.  I bought this item on Amazon, but they are currently out of stock.  The battery is extremely cheap, and as far as I can tell there is no way to replace the battery. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great tool for anyone that has a laptop or tablet. I bought this for my son who uses a desktop PC. It is much better than the expensive keyboard and mouse he has been using for years. The only thing I wish it had was a better case. The weight of it is just right, and it is easy to carry. This is my second one of these devices and I will be ordering a third one in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it works but it's not very convenient and the software is poor.  I would not recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The sound quality of the speakers is excellent. However, the sound quality is not as good as I would like for an audio system. I had the speakers connected to my computer and I have noticed that the sound is very distorted and it's not as clear as it should be. I have the desktop computer version of the program and it sounds great. --------------- Not a good product: --------------------------- This is a good program but the sound can get a little distorted if it is not set correctly. --------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just wanted to say I am VERY disappointed with this item. The screen was cracked and the glass was all cracked. I am so disappointed. I really want to buy this one but I'm not going to. I will never purchase from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- If I could only buy one of these things I would buy the second one! This thing is a beast, and the fact that it's made in Japan (and that it can be "upgraded" for those who want it) means that it will continue to do what it's supposed to do for years to come. The one I have has not been damaged at all, and I can use it as is and it'll still work perfectly. I also love the fact the you can use the 2 in 1 mode with it as a phone and a tablet. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a tablet that can be used as a tablet, phone and now a portable drive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************************** * * ************************* * * I have a Taurus i3 with the touch screen and the * * software is pretty great, but the phone is * * a piece of junk. It gets the job done, but * * it's so much slower than a tablet or smartphone * * that I would much rather use a computer instead. * * * ******************************************************** * * If you can get past the terrible software * * the phone does do a decent job and you can make * * calls. It's a little on the expensive side and * * not quite as sleek as an iPad, but it's still * * very capable. * ***************************************************************************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I have tried them all, and I will never buy a new one" - Tom, from the movie "Jurassic Park"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The only way to go from a good device to a great one is to get a replacement or upgrade. I will only buy from this company again.  Review of DJI Phantom 3 Advanced Review by John Good camera, great price. Very good performance and image quality. The DJI tech support is great and their support is extremely fast. I wish I had known about this company earlier. I've been buying my drones from them for years and it's my go to choice for all my drone needs. I have the 2 versions (with and without GPS) and love them all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this a few months ago. It works well for the most part, but I am having a problem with it. My laptop is on the right side of my desktop. The screen is facing the right of my desk. It's annoying. The only way to fix it is to go into the setup and use the settings to have the screen on the left side of the screen. That's why I don't recommend this monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker is very weak and very poorly designed. The buttons on the speaker are very hard to press. I am very disappointed in the speaker quality. The device was advertised to be very powerful but it is not.  It's a very low quality speaker that's a waste of money and you will be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a very good device, and I use it a lot. I love how easy it is to use, and how accurate the readings are. But there's something about the way that it records data that is really not good.   When I have the device set to the maximum (and I usually have it set that way) the sensor reads about 12 feet from my head, but when I start moving around the unit gets less accurate, and the readings change quite a bit.   for example, when I'm standing in a straight line I have readings as high as 23 feet. But when I turn around to go around a corner the readings drop down to as low as 12 feet. It would have been nice if the readings didn't change that much when I turned around.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the M100 from Amazon about two months ago. The item arrived in great condition. It's the first I've purchased that has not made any noise. I was a little nervous buying it. It had a lot of reviews and was very expensive. I'm happy with my purchase though. I just wish it was a bit more powerful. I use the keyboard for work and the mouse for personal use. The mouse works fine but I wish I could click on things in the menus without having to use the right click. I also wish there were more options on the screen, like the ability to turn the brightness up and down. Overall, it works great and I'm pleased with the purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my new ipod and it works well until i get to about 100 songs. i cant get past about 90. i have bought many ipods and this is by far the worst. i am very unhappy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was extremely disappointed in this purchase. The sound quality is awful. The volume is too low. The buttons are just to small to get any good response. I will not buy this again. The sound:    When the light was on the bass was surprisingly loud, but I found it difficult to hear when playing with a portable speaker. The bass was better than most iPods, but the sound was very tinny. When turned off, the bass becomes much more audible. Audio quality:      The audio quality was very good when using a small portable speaker, but not so much with a full size sound system. The low end was also too tinny to listen to. I purchased this product because I wanted to listen my music at my favorite concert venues, but didn't want to have to carry a large, bulky device around with me. I also wanted to have the capability to play my iPod with my earbuds when on the road. Overall:  I'm glad I bought this item. The audio is good and has a nice sound quality. I would like to see it have more volume and to have a smaller button. I think if the audio quality is too poor, then the device will be too heavy. The controls are a bit hard to use. If I were to purchase a replacement, I would use the JBL L6i for the same price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This is my first experience with an electronic cigarette, so I can't say I was impressed with the performance, but it does look very nice. The battery life is a little disappointing, but overall the design and quality of the device is great. The vapor tastes great, and it's really quiet. I'm going to keep this one and try the other models. Pros: - Looks and feels good - Battery life is good - Great price Cons: - Battery doesn't last very long
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having this device for about a year and i have to say that it is a piece of junk. The thing does not hold up to its name at all, i can see that it would work great if its not for the battery issue, the device only lasts about 1 week on a charge. I will never buy a Jawbone again.  5 5 bad but good battery life I have had the Jawbone UP2 for about 5 months now and I love it! I have not had any issues with battery life yet and I have to admit that the battery is pretty good. I can go about 8-10 hrs on a single charge without having to charge it at night.   However, the battery lasts a week on my 3.5 volt battery and I only use it when I'm at work so that's pretty bad for a device that costs $200. I'm disappointed in the battery life but I'm going to give it a week to see if it lasts another week or so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "For every new toy, there's a new toy to be broken!"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The new iPad does not have the full functionality of a real iPad, it is only good as a cheap imitation.  I bought this tablet as a replacement for my real iPad because I wanted a cheaper option for the same functionality.  I bought this  because I was looking for a good replacement for the  original iPad.  The iPad is very thin and light, but   it is very hard to use.  It has an    great screen, but the buttons are very small and the buttons   on the side are very difficult to use for some people.  This   is an  obvious   fake,   I would never recommend this to someone that wants a good   iPad.   This is the first   of many   that I will not be buying anymore  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for about a month now and it isnt working right. i have an old iMac with this bluetooth, i also have a wireless keyboard and mouse. the bluetooth connection doesnt work on the iMac. when i plug in the mouse it stays on the desktop. but when i use the bluetoo to connect to the iMAC, the blueteo disconnects from the iMic and the keyboard works. i can plug in my wireless keyboard, but when I try to connect my bluetoot iMac, the mouse wont connect and i cant see anything in the bluetype display.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Ddave from I had a problem with the i8 bluetooth device. After looking into it I decided to purchase this one. It has been working perfectly since I have had it installed.  "  This item was received and worked perfectly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the screen goes black and the display is blank when you try to charge it. I was looking for a simple device that could do my voice recorder and a few other things. This worked for everything except for the recorder. I have tried the device several times and each time it has failed me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the bluetooth version and had a terrible experience with the setup process. The "Help" screen for setting up the bluetone device was so hard to understand that I didn't even know where to start. I thought maybe it was broken so I tried to call the company to see if I could get a replacement but they wouldn't even answer. After a lot of frustration, I had to buy a new bluetones device from the store and they still couldn't help me. The device was terrible, not a good experience. If you are considering buying this bluetonedes device, you can get a better experience by buying a bluetoning device instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several devices in the past 2 years that were all terrible. the first one i bought was terrible. it wasnt even plugged in and the keyboard wasnt working. i was in love and thought i was buying the best and then this happened. i will never buy from apple again. this is my 2nd bad apple product. 1st was the apple monitor. i thought its the best i had ever used and its so cool to see the screen but it just didnt work. i went back and bought another one. 2nd one was the iPod. it didnt work for me at all. i would get a message saying i would have to reset the device or something like that but theres no way you can do that on an iPod. i bought another apple product, a wireless keyboard, and i was just as bad. the keyboard wouldnt work. its as if its a broken unit. but the best part is the apple store had the best prices on the computers. so i was really bummed out about that. i guess it was a good thing i was able to get my money back from the ipod. i also bought an ipod nano and the screen was just like a paperweight. not worth the money. i can understand why other people love apple products but its just too many times. the ipad screen wouldnt even light up the light. the only good thing is the macbook pro has been my main computer for almost a year now. I love the keyboard and the display. i love the apple products so much. i just wish i could go back to apple.  Rated 5 out of 5 by R. D. from Awesome for the price I was looking for a good budget gaming computer and this was it. The price is a bit steep but the gaming performance is awesome. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to get into the computer gaming market.  "You can't have it both ways" - Microsoft. The iPad and iMac are excellent, and the iPad Mini is good too, but there is a real gap between the iPad Air and iPad Air 2 and the iMac and Mac mini. You can't say the iPad is the best all-around machine, nor can you say the iBook is the highest-end machine. I'm very happy with my Apple hardware and I can't think of anything that can be said about the Mac that the iPad cannot do better. The iMac is a great product,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the third computer that I have bought, the first one lasted a year but after that I stopped using it and the second one that I bought was an old laptop that stopped working. The new one seems to work fine and is a good size for me but when you want to use a mouse it is hard to get the cursor where you want it to be.   I have to return my computer and get a new one because I will never use this device again  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ipod 3s since it came out in the fall and i love it, it's super light and easy to carry. however it has a weird sound, it sounds like its on but when you hit the buttons it makes a very loud noise like it's breaking (i've had it a week and its still broken)  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, January 21, 2010  Works as Advertised  by A Customer from Houston TX USA  Review: I have had my ipod for a few weeks now and it works as advertised. Great sound quality, and easy enough to carry in a coat pocket. I will say that the charger is a bit large for the battery compartment, but it is what it is.  Pros: Lightweight, easy to use  Cons: Expensive  Rating: 5/5  Would recommend this to a friend: Yes  As a replacement for my iPod, the iPOD3 works just as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this device was very cheap and it had some issues, the battery was draining quickly when connected to a charger and it would not charge at all.  This is the reason I did not buy this item.  I am also very disappointed with the product, this was my second purchase from this vendor.   This was the only item in my order that I did get and it's a very poor product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought a Samsung smart TV last year to replace my old plasma. I had a few complaints about the picture and sound quality, so I bought this one. I'm happy that it's better than the old one. But it's still not as good as the plasma. The remote works well but is pretty finicky. The buttons are small and you have to press a lot to get them to work. And the sound is terrible. You can barely hear the sound coming out of the TV, and even if you do hear it, the sound doesn't have any bass. It's so bad that I'm constantly turning the volume down. My old plasma had better sound. I've replaced it with another one and I will probably buy another one because it's not as bad as the old TV.  Rated 5 out of 5 by M_T_D from Great TV, Great price I purchased this TV for my husband for Christmas. We have a large entertainment room with a large screen TV. We had some problems with the picture in the old HDTV so we decided to upgrade. This was a great choice as it is a much better value for the money. It is the only one in our house with a remote so it is easier to use. We love the sound. The only thing that is a little disappointing is the remote doesn't work in our living room. We are trying to find a replacement for that. It just seems like there isn't a lot of value in the TV itself. It isn't the biggest screen so we don't have to move a lot but it is definitely large enough. We can still watch our movies on the bigger screen so this is a great value for a large television.  that's all I really want to say about this TV...it is a huge upgrade over our old TV and the remote is very easy to use and is very responsive.    Also if you want the extra features like the HDMI input you can purchase that for an extra $50, but I didn't buy that as we are not that interested. We just want to get rid of the old screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ ______________ _____________ _________ ___________ I was a big fan of this product for many years. The only problem I had was that after about a year of use, the speaker would eventually crack and no longer play any audio. That is the only problem i had. It is a very well made product, but i would not recommend it to anyone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by JB from I'm still looking for the perfect sound system I bought a pair of these speakers when I was looking for something small to install in my garage. I used to listen to my collection of J.A.J.F.S and the KG-B4's in my late 60's, so I knew I wanted a pair with a big bass. I'm not an audiophile but I still love the quality of the sound these give me. The bass is a little tight but I'm ok with that. The midrange is very clear, very open and the highs are very clear. I have the sound of my system with these speakers but they are so much fun to play around with that I will be happy to keep my old speakers in the garage. The setup on these speakers is a breeze. There's no fumbling around with cords or setting up your speakers on your desk. You just plug them in and go! These are also very easy to install. The wires are a little more difficult to get to but not a problem. You can use the included wall plate to hook them up but if you plan on leaving them up all the time they are probably not the best choice. The amp is pretty powerful, if a little loud at times. My only complaint is that the knobs for the level and volume are a bit wonky and have a lot of play in them. I'd like a way to have them turn on and off when you turn the volume down. Other than that, these are great speakers for the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony NEX-5n which is my favorite camera. However, after a couple of months of use, the battery in the camera died, leaving me with a new one. I replaced it with the Panasonic DMC-LX7 which I think is an excellent camera. I use the camera on the Sony N1 and it works fine. However the battery on my old camera died after about 1.5 years of use. The camera is now dead. I have called Sony customer service several times and the representative has told me that I need to replace the battery because they are not making batteries that are compatible with the camera. The representative is also telling me that the battery must have something wrong with it because it was a defective unit.  This is absurd. The N1 is a very capable camera with a battery that lasts a long time. I am not sure how I can resolve this issue, but it will take a few weeks for Sony to send me a new battery. _________________ Acer V7-1510-3021 Acer V7 - V715103021
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my new TV, and the buttons are a little too large for my hand. They are really small and not as well made as some of the buttons I have seen. The remote has a tendency to vibrate when you press the wrong button and it seems like the buttons on the remote are a lot smaller than the ones on the TV. I also found that it vibrates if you press two buttons at the same time. I will be returning this item.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to replace my old computer, which had had the same issue.   My previous computer had two failed components: a hard drive and an optical drive.  My original laptop had one failed component (no hard drive), and I replaced the optical drive with this one.  This laptop seems to be a good one, and it works just as well as the original.  I just don't like that it is so difficult to use and repair.  The only reason I gave it three stars is because it does come with a good warranty, and I do feel that the repair instructions could be improved.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is the worst  I've ever used and has the worst user interface I've ever seen.  You will be forced to use this for hours and hours to get things done.    I would recommend that people do not buy this   because it is   an   utter   mess   and   there is  You should try the $4 one instead!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________   This is a great little device. I can control my computer remotely. I do have an Apple product but I love the iLink. I have the iMac and iMac mini and this is the easiest way to connect to the computer. You can even use it on your cell phone.   It's a great product and I recommend it to everyone.  I have a Dell and I love this, it makes my computer control it easily.  , I am a software engineer, but it has been a long time since I've been able to do any real programming, but with the iLINK I can connect my iMac to a PC, and have my iLinking computer controlling my iPC, just a little extra effort on my part but worth it. This will be my main computer for the next year or so, and I would highly recommend this product.    If you're looking for a remote control, this is a good one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for over a year, but i had to get a new battery. i had a bad experience with the first one. i'm now going to try the new ones, but I am not impressed with them. my old one was only good for a few hours and then the battery would go dead. not sure what happened but it took 2 batteries to get it working again. i also tried the one that came with my old computer. the sound was a bit distorted but thats what it was. this one was better. the audio output was much better, and i had no issues with the touch screen or anything. I am happy with this unit so far. i will give it 4 stars for now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I purchased the "Smart Charger" for my smart phone to have a charge port for my other gadgets like my camera, ipod, etc. I'm very disappointed in the quality of this charger. I have bought 3 of these and they have all been defective. First off, I have been through 2 of the 3 so far. The first one I bought, the charger worked, but the micro usb charger port that the charger uses did not have a cord attached to it, but had a small connector at the bottom that I couldn't insert my charger. The second one, I just got 2 days ago, it doesn't charge at all. I contacted the company on Monday and they told me it was a bad unit and would be shipped out the next day, but they never showed up and they never shipped it. The third one, after a week, it still won't charge, so I just have to hope they can fix the problem. *********  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I've had this for about a year and a half now and it's still not perfect. My phone is a Samsung Galaxy S3 and the phone screen is only a few weeks old. The back cover does not hold up. The plastic is not durable at all. I have it sitting on a table and it is falling off. It's been about a month since I have had it so it's a pretty good replacement.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 23, 2013  by A Customer from California  Review: Great phone  Pros: Great size  Cons: Very thin, no battery door  Comments: I have been using this phone for a year now. It is my daily driver. The phone is very solid. I had a LG G3 and this phone is way better than the G3. It has a better camera, the battery life is much better, the display is crisp and bright. This phone has been my daily go to phone.  a very great phone. I would definitely recommend this phone. It does not have a battery door but it has the best screen out of any phone I have ever owned. . - - - -  I have been a customer of Apple since the G4 was released and I can say this phone has had more flaws than any other device that I have owned. The first few days after I received my device the back cover came off and the battery door was ripped out. After spending several days fixing this problem the phone is still not as good as the LG G4. My only problem is that the front cover is so thin that I can't even hold it with one hand. It will come loose from the metal case easily. I am still able to use the phone but the case is very flimsy. This is a very disappointing device.  to me the best part about this phone was the camera. It was my first phone and I fell in love with the camera but it is not as great as I thought it would be. I was hoping to upgrade to the new iphone 7s but the camera is still very good but not as sharp. I still use this phone as my daily phone. For the price I expect more than this.  and the screen is still great. The only problem I have with this phone it's the battery capacity. The battery is a little under rated. :)  Great phone
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this ipod since it was released. i have not found anything wrong with it. i am a heavy ipod user and it is extremely comfortable to hold in my hands. i love the built in mic which is great for talking to the people around you. i also love that it comes with a usb cable which is nice for the price. i would recommend this ipad over other ipods.  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted By: josh - Verified Buyer This is a good product, I have bought two for my girlfriend and she loves them, very happy. I have used a different brand before (samsung) but this is by far the best looking and most powerful of the ipods that I have ever owned. The mic is nice and clear and the screen is really nice, the sound quality is great. It was a little pricy but i was so excited to get mine that i almost didnt get one. I am glad I did, I'm a die hard iphone user so this is a big upgrade from my old phone. I like that it came with a battery case.  of course I recommend this to anyone who wants to get a really good sounding ipod but is on a tight budget. ,  i have 2 ipods, one for me and one for my wife. the other one she has been playing with, the one with the mic that comes with the ipod is so loud that it's annoying when i have to talk. she thinks it's awesome. i use it for a lot of my music and it's so much better. i do not have to turn the volume up. i just plug it in and it does its thing. i like it so much that i had to go out and get another one to get my wife to like it.  and as always, great customer service  Reviewed By Date Rating Strength Flavoring Taste Room Note Emeritus Account (28392) 2010-04-08 Medium Mild Medium Pleasant I like this more than the old ipod. The sound quality of the new ipod seems better, but the ipad mini is a bit too big for me to carry with me. This one is a better fit for me. The battery case is a nice touch. The design is the same as the old one, so it is not surprising that it works as well. I also like that the microphone is built in, which is a little more convenient
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device was good but there was a delay in the first two weeks. The phone would not connect with a wifi network and when you tried to make a call, it would disconnect. I was able to make the call through my cellular phone and the person who answered it was the person that I had left a message with. The person that called me told me that I could have my money back but that the person I had called would not be able to answer my questions.   In conclusion, I would recommend this phone to people that are on the go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone 5 since September 2013. it has been in the mail for a few weeks now, and my first impression was that the build quality was horrible. the build feels flimsy and not as good as the ipad 4. i wish they had gone with a metal body, rather than the plastic one. the screen is not as bright as the ipad 4 and has a lot less colors and contrast. but for the price, the ips does the job. the only problem i have is that i can't figure out how to make the iplex speaker work. they just sound terrible, and the audio quality is poor. i would suggest buying a second one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A very nice laptop for the money This laptop is a very nice one for the budget price range. The build quality is great, the display is great. The only thing that I'm not happy with is the power button. You need to push hard to turn it on or off. I don't know if this is a manufacturer defect, but I would recommend getting a replacement button for your troubles.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over a year now and ive used it as a car audio player, phone charger, phone and ipod charging dock, and now a music player, ive even used it in a car to charge the battery while i was on the road. It is a great little unit for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a while now and i love it. i bought this to replace a laptop that had a cracked screen and i couldn't be happier. i love the fact that i can get a decent size monitor on a portable computer. ive also been able to get a keyboard and mouse that fit with out the need for a case. and the fact it can be plugged into my tv or computer with a usb cable. i would recommend this to anyone that loves computers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this for my wife as a replacement for a broken cell phone. She has a Samsung S3 and I'm sure this phone will do the job just as well as the Samsung. However, the price is too high.   My wife is an electronics expert and knows what she's doing. However I am not one, and I couldn't get the phone to work properly. The battery was very low and wouldn't charge at all. The buttons were all stuck together, and the phone wouldn't turn on or off.  It's too bad, because the price was so low, but this was a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took a long time to download and install the software, but the program worked well.  This was my first time trying a CDR-DVD player. _________________________________________________ It took me a few tries to get it to work, but it worked in the end.  It is a nice looking player. If the software works correctly, it will work well for you.   __________________________________________________________ I would like to say that I was really impressed by this player. I was able to load my whole library into the player in about 5 minutes.  This was a nice player for the money.  If you are looking for a good player to add to your collection, this is a great option.  I would recommend this player to any CD player.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The quality of the sound is excellent and it's very well made. The only thing that's not good is the size and the fact that it's just a cheap device that can only be used with a phone or a tablet. It's really too bad because this is a very good quality product. It is also worth noting that you can't play any music off the device without the headphones. I'm using the Beats Solo3 and they fit great.   If you are in need of a portable music player, this is one to look at.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ I have had this keyboard for about 4 months now. I am currently at the point where I can't use it at all. It does have a good feature set, but the keycaps are terrible. It is hard to type on this thing because the key caps are not of a good quality. It seems like they will only last about 1 year. I do not like the way the keys feel either. I bought this because it is a gaming keyboard, but after 2 months of playing, the keys are not even close to being the quality they were advertised to be. I have been searching for a replacement keycap set for a while now, but there are not any that I could find that will work. The best thing I can say about the keyboard is that the layout is very comfortable, and I can type at my desk with this keyboard. But it is still a terrible keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The only positive I have to say about this product is that it's an awesome way to keep track of your money and I like the fact that it is easy to use. I do wish the app wasn't so glitchy. I would definitely recommend this app.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the  Eclipse for the    first time, and I was very excited. I have a Sony Walkman with a CD player and a good TV. I like that the    the  /  / / display is small, and it has an LCD screen, but the sound is terrible. The bass and treble are all out of whack. It is also very expensive for the poor quality sound. If you are looking for a good music player, look for the Sony Walkmen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  This is the first device I have purchased that does not have an internal battery. This device has a nice sound system, but it is a poor quality product. I purchased this for my boyfriend for his birthday, and he didn't even like it! It's a good looking device, but not worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a Motorola Droid 4 on sale for $130. It worked great until I took it to the local Best Buy and the salesperson there told me that it was not a new device and they couldn't replace it. I thought it was a joke but they kept trying to sell it to me anyway. When I refused to buy it he said he couldn't refund my money since I had to go to the store and he would be back the next day. I left the store without buying it and went to Best Buy the next morning where the same salesperson said they wouldn't be able to replace the phone since it was out of warranty. I got frustrated with him and said it's not a problem since I'm in warranty but he insisted. I took my phone home, and I got my money back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for years but recently it started to malfunction at a rapid pace. ive had the same issue in my old gps that i had for over a year. it takes 2 to 3 days to charge, and then takes about a week to fully charge. its very very unreliable and it seems as if there is a defect in the assembly, or something. im not sure if the issue is related to the gps, but i think i need to get a new one. ____________ Pros: -Fast charging -Very compact -Very lightweight Cons: _____________________ ive seen this gps go for as high as $500, if you cant find it on sale, buy it on ebay or another auction site, ive gotten about $40 from ebay and the vendor ive bought from has been very helpful. ______________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a gt-1000 since 2007 and its finally died. i bought a new one in 2012 and it didnt do it anymore. i went out and bought a gtx1070 to use with my gt1000 and the problem is now worse. its not as bad as the gt1070 because it didnt use to have such a bad input lag like the gta. but the gtx 1070 still uses a lot of power. i only have about 6 hours of battery life left now and it will go to sleep when i put it to sleep. i dont understand why they didnt change the g1070 design. theres no way i can use it for the gg with my pc.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was the only electronic device I have ever owned that failed. It was an Apple watch which I bought for a friend who didn't need a smartwatch. I don't know if it's because I am a huge Apple fan or because I was trying to get a discount on the watch, but it did not work. When I first put it in, it would not turn on. Then, I realized the battery had died, but the watch was still running, so I put it back in and it started up but then shut off again. I eventually returned the watch and got the Apple Watch which I had been waiting for, but now I feel like a fool. It's just a dumb watch. The watch is pretty cool, but there's nothing special about it and it doesn't do anything that the watch does better. It just feels dumb.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- -------------------------- The problem with this is that I ordered the wireless version and the wifi version of this, but both of them were faulty. The wifi one didn't work at all and the wireless one had a short in the antenna which caused the unit to have interference, and I had to send it back and get a new one. The only thing good is that it's light and portable but the software is horrible and has to be updated every 2 months.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got a  LG 32V3 for my wife's birthday, and I loved it. I like the idea of being able to take out a video camera and record my family, or use it to look at photos from her vacation. The thing is, it has no external speakers, no built in flash, and no external memory card slot. It is really only useful for the video recording. I would have much preferred an external memory, but it is all that is on this device, so that is okay.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* The best way to describe the ZENONE is that it's a computer in a watch. In other words, you can run a program on the watch, and it's the computer that does the work. And the best part is that you don't need any special skills or skills to use it. You don't have to learn how to program, you don`t need to get a fancy-looking watch to use the computer, you just use the watch to run your programs. The ZENONA is like a computer for your wrist. In a nutshell, it's basically a computer watch, with an operating system and some functions that don't require any specialized programming skills to be used. But if you need a little help to get started, the ZANU has you covered. ********************** You can find me on Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/SterlingWatches ) as well as on my website http://www1.sterlingwatch.com I also have a page on my site dedicated to all my ZEN-ONE watches, as well a page for all my other ZEN watches. You can also contact me at SterlingWatches@gmail.com if you have any questions or comments, or if you are interested in ordering a ZENone or other one of my watches.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 years now and the only reason i bought this is because i didnt want to pay for a new one. its a nice looking machine but it doesnt work very well. my computer will not load, it always lags. this computer isnt cheap and its not worth the price. i will not buy this device again and i wont recommend this to anyone. i bought the 2nd model and still have no luck loading my computer.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: a-s-o-n
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The best device for the money. The screen is very clear and the video is clear. However, the sound quality is horrible. The speaker is not very loud and the phone is very small. I am not going to waste my money again on another phone like this. If you are looking for a phone that will provide a good quality picture, good voice quality and good quality sound, this is the one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery life is not that good and I'm not a huge fan of the look and feel. I had to return mine because the screen was not responsive. If you're looking for a nice looking portable computer but don't care about battery life, get a Windows machine instead.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first I bought was the VHS recorder, which I still have, but I never watch TV or movies on it. I never had a TV or any other device that was compatible with VHS.  This was a big disappointment, but the VCR came with a TV tuner and a tape player, so I decided to go for it. The picture is terrible, it's black and white, and the audio is terrible. The tuner is also terrible, not at all.    It will only record two channels, but that is fine, because that is the only two channels that I have, and if the tuner only plays one channel, I don't need to use it.  I have owned my copy of this for about 3 years.  I recently received a new computer that I bought at Best Buy, but it is very slow, and I haven't had the chance to use the computer yet.  It's also very expensive, at over $900.00.  This is my first computer, so this is a very expensive investment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device works well but has some problems that are not fixed, but they are easy to fix and not bad for the price.   When I first opened the box I thought it was a bad item, I thought that it was the wrong size and I don't even know why I bought it.  After using it for a while I changed my mind and it is a good item, the buttons are easy for a kid to use.  I think the only reason I gave it three stars is because the buttons need a little more resistance when pressed than some other devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ is not a good choice for a beginner to learn to program. __________ is a bad choice for anyone, period. I bought a _________, and now have a _________________. The ______________, although nice, is no where near as usable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this a few weeks ago, I was not a big fan of the previous version of this product. The first time I tried it, I had to force the buttons on it to turn on. The second time I did it, it just kept turning on with no instructions. The third time I had no problem turning it on, but I am a heavy user and have to take care of this thing. I was hoping this would be a good product but it seems I will have to find another brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for about 2 years now, and the only problems i've had are that it gets so hot that the button on the side can burn your finger or burn your mouth and burns the buttons on the back of the unit. ive had to replace a few times. ike other reviews, the usb cables have failed and i had to buy new ones. the bluetooth is pretty good but i have no idea how it works. it's not the best in terms of sound quality but its certainly good enough for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst I have seen in terms of quality and performance. The sound quality is terrible, the buttons and the switches are horrible and the battery life is pitiful. My phone has been sitting in my pocket for 2 days and it is completely dead. It would have been better if it had been working for at least 4 hours but it doesn't have a charger so it was not a good experience.  Also the touch screen has issues with the screen not working on occasion. I hope Apple fixes this and gets their act together. I'm going to be very disappointed if I am paying more money for a defective product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these over the years, and they were good until this new one. It was only a week or so ago that i found a tiny bit of corrosion on the inside of the USB port. After going to the Apple store to get a replacement and explaining that it is my fault and i will pay for the repairs, the tech at the Apple Store asked if i could get a new one asap, which i did. I have been using my new one for the last week and it has worked fine. If you are looking for an apple product that will work and last, this one is for you. If your looking for a cheap plastic computer and want something that is easy to use and does the job then look elsewhere.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using my Samsung S4 since it came out. I bought this because the original one broke and I have not found another that will last. The screen has been pretty good, but the battery is not as good as my other one.   One of the downsides to using the S4 is that the buttons on the sides are not the same color as the buttons that go on the top. It took me a while to figure out how to change the colors on the screen, but I figured out how after reading a few other reviews.   the buttons in the middle are yellow (like on the original) and the buttons above the screen are pink (like the Galaxy S3). So the bottom button is a little darker than the top one. Not a big deal, but if you want to change color of the buttons, you have to change them to blue or pink. I am using blue, but that doesn't look right. Also the backlight does not change color. The backlight is always white.  , I have used it since it was released, and it is good for the price. However, I will not be using it as a daily driver, because it doesn't last as long as I'd like.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I received this item a few weeks ago, it was supposed to come with a cable, but when i got it, there was no cable included. I ended up buying a cable from Amazon to make it work, and that worked perfectly. The only problem was that when i turned the device on, it would be very loud and go on forever. It also made the device hot, but i'm using the device outside all day so this was a very minor problem. My biggest issue with this item is that the power cable is too long, it's too long for the device and you can't fit a micro-usb cable into the plug on the back. Also, if you don't like the fact that it is very loud when it's on, you can buy a power adapter for a little more. I'm still using this device, but I'm going to use the power adapter. I really want to love this product, but after the initial learning curve it took me a little longer to figure out how to operate it than I did with the previous model. It's still worth buying though, the device works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the S3 for my new home and the audio is very good. However, when I used it for a few days, the battery is completely dead. It was only about 2 weeks ago and the phone is completely useless now. Not to mention the phone doesn't have a case, so I had to buy one. The phone is a lot of fun to play music and watch movies on, but the audio quality is just not there.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this about two months ago and have not used it at all. I'm not happy with the lack of connectivity and the fact that it will not connect to any of my devices. Also, the price is just too high to be of any use. The charger has been a disaster. It won't charge my iPhone 5s but the iPad mini (which I also own) is fine. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works great with my iPad 4 I bought this as a spare charger for my iPad that will only work with the iPad 4. Works great. I recommend this product to anyone who wants a spare power adapter that's easy to install and use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought and used a lot of these and their quality is terrible! ive owned these a long time and they never work properly. ive had them replaced 3 times already, and the third time the usb port on one of them got bent so i was out of luck for a while, now its back to the dealer, but the price is good for a cheap product. i wish i had never bought them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is slow to boot up and does not power up very fast. The speakers are not loud enough for me, and they are not in a good place for the price. I would buy it again if I had to, but it would not be my first choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After installing the iMac Pro and i7 4 Core i7, it's been fine until the processor started acting up. The processor is not overheating, but the fan will keep running in the background.   If you are looking for an iMac with more power than the i5 4 core i5, this is a great machine. You can run any software you like. But, if you want an i7 with more performance than the 4 core, i5 or i7 iMacs, this machine isn't for you.  If it was a 5, it would be 5 stars and if it was an i5 it would have been a 4 star.  , May 3, 2018  i5 iMac Pros, i7 CPUs, and other upgrades: The i5 i Mac Pros, and i5 and i6 CPUs are not good CPUs, but they are great for the price. : The only reason the i7 and i8 CPUs are 5 stars is because they are a bit faster than the previous gen i5/i7 processors. "It's got a big fan, so it should be really loud, but it isn't. The fans are on the bottom. I have never seen this problem before with a computer. I think the fan needs to be bigger.": I would have given this a 4.5 star rating if the i8 was not twice the cost of the i6. I bought this iMac to replace my older macbook pro, which had the same specs. I could not be happier. I would recommend this i5 model to anyone. The only thing I don't like is the price, which is the same as the previous generation macbook. It's still a great computer. The new USB 3.0 ports on this i Mac Pro are amazing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second iPad (not the newest one, but the old one that is the best of the bunch)  I bought this for work.  The screen is pretty clear and crisp.    I use this for my computer and for browsing the internet.  I do like the fact that the app is easy to use, and it does not lag when i do a lot of scrolling.  My only real gripe is that it does seem to have some battery problems.  When it is not being used, the battery does not seem to last very long.  The app comes with a battery life warning which is pretty much useless if it is the only thing you use the device for.  Overall, a very good app that is worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product, I use it for my computer. It does what it is supposed to do and it does it well. If your looking for a solid, well built product that does what is advertised, look no further. I use my monitor on my laptop for all my multimedia needs. It is a very sturdy product, not a weak one either.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images dialog
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and i got them when they were cheap and i really liked them but they always have some kind of defect on the buttons and the screen cracks every couple of months i have tried to get them repaired but they just dont last. and now i can get the best of them at my local store for less and they last longer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best Bang for the Buck Bought a few of these for my kids as they are getting older. Easy to use and have great sound. They are a bit expensive but it's worth it.  the best bang for your buck.  is a nice piece of equipment. the buttons are responsive and the sound quality is great.  a must have for any computer or computer system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a month now, and it works fine. but there is only one button on the front of it. which i use to go back to my previous devices. its not a big deal but it would be nice if there was a little more buttons.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This device is not very good and not worth the price. It has only 2 buttons and the touchpad is extremely bad and unusable. The buttons are very slow and the screen can only display black and white. The touchpad has a terrible touch so if you want to use this as a PC keyboard it's a waste of money. It's just not worth it at all.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent Keyboard This is the best keyboard I have ever owned. The quality is great and the keys are very light. The only downside is that the keyboard only has 2 buttons. However it still makes a great keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Very nice product, but I would only recommend it for people who have no other choices. I love this computer and use it all the time but it is very hard to get the memory cards and the mouse to work right and it can get really hot to the touch. Other than that I love it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 02, 2009  Best Mac to date  by A Customer from Seattle WA USA  Pros: Very fast. Great battery life.  to use with the Macbook Pro. .  the best laptop I have ever owned.  a few days with this and i would recommend it to anyone.  for the price and size the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is that it is really hard to change out the hard drive. you have to take off the motherboard first and the hard disk has to be removed from the case. -Steve  No Was this Review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only positive thing about this product is the fact that it is waterproof, and I can't say the same about the charging port.   I have had the device for about a month and have used it to stream video and music and listen to music with my bluetooth headset. The screen is great for watching videos.  It also has good battery life.  The main problem I had was the device would occasionally start to turn off when I was using it and I had to restart it.  I think this is because the device does not charge very fast. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** The device works perfectly fine for what I bought it for, the only thing that I found was the screen was too dark in the evening, I could barely read my notes and some of the pictures were blurry. The only other minor annoyance was the battery had a habit of draining fast.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you are looking for a good value for your money, this is the one for you. The device is very powerful, very accurate and has a good quality sound. I use this as a receiver, speaker, and even as a subwoofer in my home theater system. I will be buying this for my daughter's computer too. It is a lot of fun to play with and the size is perfect for me and my daughter. It will be hard to go back to an older model. I wish the price was a little higher.  Write a positive review about the best e-book reader for Mac: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the hd vii for over 2 years now and it is the worst hd ive ever had. it works for a while then the screen cracks and the video stops working. it is also incredibly expensive for what it is. i can live without the tv or pc but this is not the way to go. i have to have a good computer or tv to watch the movies so i was very upset when i saw this on sale. i dont think i will buy a hd tv again unless its like 50-100$
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keyboard was terrible and the mouse was so-so. It took some time to get used to the keyboard, but I eventually figured it out. The mouse worked perfectly. The screen resolution is great, though it does not look as good as it should.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year now and have used it for the most part well except for one time where i got the power on but after a minute it went off and the screen came up but the screen was blank. I then had to return it to get a new one. The only thing I would say about it is it is not as easy to use as a usb stick.  Rated 5 out of 5 by brian_s from It is an excellent device for keeping track of all your receipts I bought this device a few weeks ago and it is perfect. I like that it has multiple storage slots for the receipts. I also like that the memory is very high so I can keep a lot of things. It works great for keeping my receipts and money in one place. I can go to the bank, the post office, a credit card company, etc. and still have everything there. This device has been great. -I would definitely recommend this product. The best device for tracking money I have ever used, easy to put in the drawer. Works perfectly.  and the only thing is that when you buy it you get a plastic case and that is not what I wanted. The case is so much more attractive. What can I say? This is an incredible product, I am happy to have it in my drawer!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have had this computer for over a year and use it for many things. The only problems I have experienced are with the fan (which is very loud). I replaced the fan and it runs just fine. However, the fan is always running at full blast in order to keep it cool. I have tried many different computers and none of them work the way this does. If you are looking for a good computer for the price, this is a great computer for you. I just wish it was a little quieter.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my g3 for a year and it has held up perfectly well. the only reason i gave it 2 stars is because the charger cable is very cheaply made and is very easily bent or broken. its a little hard to bend it but i have done it and the only problem is it isnt a very good charger either. i will be going to my local walmart to get a good quality one. i have had no problems whatsoever with my g1 and g2 so far. i am happy with this purchase.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mike from Great for the price I purchased the G3 mainly to get the new Samsung charger and that it was the cheapest charger I could find. So far I'm happy with the purchase. I use my phone about 50% of the time and the battery life is great. It doesn't take long to charge either.  and for the money, i'm happy to have it.  in terms of quality it's better than most of the others I've used. it is very lightweight and feels very good in the hand. I'd recommend it for those that want a quality charger without spending a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a iphone and found this. it works perfectly for me. i cant speak about other brands as i have not had the opportunity to try them out but this is a solid and great purchase.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, July 24, 2015  A great product  by Charles from Bakersfield CA USA  Pros: Great quality, works well, easy to install  Cons: None  Review: It works well with my T1.  the buttons are easily accessible and easy to push, and the buttons on the side of the phone are good for the thumb. I use it with my Samsung S3 and it works great.  of course, you can add more buttons if you want. - Charles  I bought this for my wife's iphono recorder. I also use it to control my ipod. The only thing I do not like about it is that you have to have an external charger to power it. I bought one on Amazon, but you have a lot of other options for this product. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a simple and good looking iphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the iPad mini 3 a few weeks ago and it is still in my pocket.  It works great, but the keyboard does not work at all.   So I am just giving this 5 stars because I really love the other great apps the iPad offers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen is not very bright, the buttons are hard to press, and the power is very weak. This is probably the worst keyboard on a computer I have ever used. I was very disappointed. The one good thing is the USB ports are really nice. I hope that they will get rid of the keyboard in the future.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I noticed was that it was quite big. The battery life is also rather poor. I can't even get the screen to go full size. It's a shame because the sound quality is decent. I have been using it with the built in speakers and the speakers are pretty decent. It doesn't have a built in microphone but it can be used with an external microphone. The remote control is a little strange but at least it has a microphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this one for a year or so and i still cant get it to work. i was very excited when i first got it because it came with a screen protector, and it seemed like it would be good quality. but it has the biggest flaw of all: it doesnt recognize the charger when it comes on. i get it plugged in, but it doesn't recognize the plug. i have to do a full reset everytime it comes off. ive tried everything to get it recognized. i bought this a year ago, but have to get a new one now because it wont work for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this one for a couple of months and its been awesome. i love the fact that you can turn the volume up and down as well as change the song. it takes about a minute and a half to turn it on, and about 1/4 of the way through the song you get a cool sound effect. also i love that it has a built in mic so you can make phone calls and stuff. the only issue is that the sound gets worse and worse as the song gets louder and louder. it seems like i could turn it off but theres not much to do. also, when you put the headphones on the speakers don't work but i think thats just a function of how the headphones are made. this is a great device, just a little annoying that the music is so loud.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 weeks now and i have to say that its really bad. the sound quality isnt very good and the battery life is about 1 day and its very flimsy and the buttons are very hard to press. i will be returning it to walmart.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to replace my defective Apple wireless keyboard. I used the wireless keyboard for a week. The keyboard worked fine for me. However, my MacBook Pro, which I use for typing, and a USB keyboard worked great on it. The USB keyboard had some noise but it was not unbearable. The MacBook had no problems at all. I do not know if the keyboard is defective. I was very excited to try it out because it looks great.     Noisy.  There's a high volume of buzz. Noise when typing is very loud. The volume is really loud. I have the Apple Wireless Keyboard. This one is no different.  The product:  I really like this keyboard, I just wish it would be a little quieter. The clickety noise is a little annoying. The fact that it vibrates really makes it less annoying but the volume is still high. The keys are quite large and there are not a lot of keys so it can be a bit hard to type. If you are an Apple user like me then this would be great to have but it could be better.  a little louder. The noise is too high. I like the layout of the keys but the clicking sound is annoying. It's a little too loud.  is a nice touch. I am a Mac user so the keyboard feels very comfortable to use. The layout is easy to use and has all the necessary keys. I don't like the clickety sound but I use the sound as a reminder to press a key so that I don' need to look at the keyboard. The packaging:  It was very fast to get this item and the packaging was very good. I love the fact that the keyboard arrived with a USB cable, a mini-USB cable, and the instructions in a thin booklet. The only thing I wish it had was a usb extension cord. This is the only thing that would have made this a 5 star purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second Sony Walkman. The first one was a few years ago and the first one's battery died about a year later. This time the battery died right away so I decided to replace the battery and I'm glad I did. The quality of this one is excellent. I've been using it daily for a couple months now and have yet to run out of battery. I'm a big fan of this item and highly recommend it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by D.G. from Good Sound Quality I bought this unit for a friend to use in his car. It's a good product, although it's not really big enough to be a replacement for a car stereo, it does the job well and does the audio you want it to do well. The only downside is the battery life. But that's the price you pay for good audio.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very nice item but I had a problem with the battery when it first came. It lasted a few months then I got another one and it is the same problem. The battery was dead after a month and a half and I was really disappointed. This is one of the best devices I have ever bought but I am going to look for another product from now on.  Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  "good product" Elegant and simple  Review by: David Good quality  Good quality Review by: Daniel I like the way it looks and feels. It's a nice touch to the table. ,  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device works but the price is so high that it is not worth the money.  The display is very low quality and it is hard to get the display to stay in the right position. ____________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The touch screen is terrible! I am a writer and this screen is HORRIBLE for writing. My fingers will slip off the screen as I try to move the cursor. I can't find the place where I can move my fingers in a more natural way. I'm looking for a replacement for now!  I'm not sure if I would buy another one from this company again.  Just a bad purchase!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this xtra usb charger for about 3 weeks and have not used it one time. i tried to use it for my iphone charger and it doesnt work. i just had to use my old iphones charger for my usb to charge my xtara. i cant believe they didnt listen to the customers. i wouldnt buy this product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This was my first purchase from this company, and I must say I was extremely disappointed. I was using my laptop at home when my battery died. I went out and purchased a new battery to go with my old one, and got to work. When I got to my office I was able to get into my computer, but then I saw that my keyboard and mouse had both died. After trying to get both to boot up, I was unsuccessful. After doing some research, I discovered that this is a known problem, and they only offer to repair the defective products. I am very disappointed in this company. I will never use this company again.  Rating:-1  Service:  City: Burlington,  ON  Fri, Jun 11, . I had no problems with this item. The packaging was good, I got it in 2 days. I recommend the company, thanks.  to anyone who has the same problem I did. I have used the company a few times and they are very good. I just wish that I could get my computer back. Thank you.  a great company that has been around for many years.  the customer service was fantastic and very easy to work with. I would definitely recommend to anyone.  with good prices and very fast delivery
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I'm not a huge fan of these. I use my phone for everything except calling and emailing. I also don't like the screen being so bright. I've tried to get a replacement but I just haven't gotten around to it. I'll give it a 4/5 though because it's better than my old phone which was bad. I bought it because it was the best price I found, but I'd probably give it 5/5 if I could.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The new Apple TV is not worth the $300. The app store is a joke and the content is just about non-existent. It's very difficult to navigate the menu and the settings are a pain to figure out. I also had to get a new remote to use with the Apple TV. I had to buy a new tv stand to support the AppleTV because the TV was just too far from the remote to reach. I bought the Apple tv because of the ease of use and the ability to use multiple devices simultaneously but the Apple has really screwed up the device. I'd rather spend $50 more to get an Apple TV 2.0. This one is just an expensive way to watch the content that is available on the big screen. I hope that Apple does not keep selling these devices because of this and that they fix their app store.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and i can say they are not worth the money. the problem is you cant hold them at all unless you bend them in the middle. the sound quality is horrible and the usb is weak. i couldnt even get it to work in my computer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mark from Great product I used this to play my ipod at home. Its small and light weight. I recommend this for a small portable sound system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm sure I'll have a lot of issues with this thing but the screen quality and battery life are terrible.  It can be charged from a wall outlet, but only if you have a USB port on your phone (that's pretty rare).  If you don't have a phone with a USB connection, you'll have to use your computer or laptop to charge it.  If the device is in your pocket, it will probably fall out at some point.    The buttons are also a bit hard to use and I found the app to be buggy at times. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This was the worst e-reader ever, and not in a good way. It's a total waste of money. It takes forever to read books and doesn't have a decent screen. It doesn't come with a battery charger or a memory card reader. I can't wait to get rid of it and buy a real book.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a defective USB-C to USB-A cable from Apple. It is defective and not compatible with any Apple products I have used. It would have been much better if I had received a replacement cable. It was not a quality product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the unit a few days ago and I am very happy with it. The picture is good, the sound quality is great and the buttons are very responsive. I am not happy with the fact that the battery indicator is only showing up when you are using it. It would have been better if it told you how much power you have left, how much time is left and how much battery is left in the battery. I have a   battery meter on my   Macbook that has a little blue light and the battery gauge light is a little bit brighter. So it is really difficult to see the remaining battery time. I love the   iBook but the iBook is a bit larger than the iMac and the ibook is not as nice looking. It's a shame that you can only get this iBook in a Black color. But that's the only drawback I can think of. If you are looking for a  MacBook with a bigger screen than a MacBook Pro but with a thinner profile and not as fancy, this is the best iBook for you.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only device that will not connect to my laptop via USB. This is a major flaw, especially for a device that costs this much. I'm still waiting on the replacement for this reason.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is really nice and it's a great way to store my phone and music on the go. It is also easy to set up and use.  I wish the battery life lasted longer.   No complaints at all:  I use the iPod Classic in this case. It fits very well and the screen is bright. The only complaint is that the charger is a little hard to find. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my xbox for over a year now and it has not failed me yet. The main problem i have is the battery life isnt very good. Ive had mine for about a year and the battery isnt lastin that long. So if you want to save money and still have a good video game console and a few extras then buy the xbox 360.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery life is very poor, and the wireless connection is also unreliable. It is definitely not worth it. I also don't understand why the battery life of the Nexus 4 lasts for less than 10 hours in standby.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 07, 2013  by A Customer from San Diego CA USA  Review: This is a great little gadget that works well.  is very good and a great alternative to the wireless.  (by Mark H.)  I've been using it for over a week now and I love it. It's easy to use and easy to setup. I bought one to take with me on my travels. :)  Good price and excellent service!  (by Richard)  and very good. and very easy to set up.  a must have.    Was This Review Helpfulto you? YES ( 0 ) | NO ( 0)  I have been using this as a primary for a while now and it works great. It charges very fast and is easy to operate. I have a Sony NEX-5N and the Nexus 5 is a lot more reliable. The battery life on this is much better. If you are on the fence about buying this please do it. You will not be sorry. . ,  It's a great gadget!  in a good way! ,,  to me, it's a very well built device.  and a very good value. I really like this gadget! and I've used it as my main camera. it is really good. the battery is good, and you get a lot of use out of it. The only problem is it can't take pictures as fast as a wired connection would, but you have to set it up like that and then it's fine. and it's nice to be able to switch between wifi and wired in a moment's notice.  I highly recommend it.  you can buy it online! and get a free usb cable with your purchase! I got it for just $14.99.  at Walmart.   by: Anonymous from Tennessee  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: None  Price: This one is cheap.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You get a really good phone, but you should have known better than to buy it. I bought it at Walmart because it was on sale. It works great except the battery runs down in 1 day, but the screen keeps working. The battery life is average for the price but for the quality, it is a good phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure why the battery lasts for only 6 months but the other features are amazing! The sound quality is sooo good it's like my sound system is in my ears. I can't wait to get the rest of the headphones! It has a great look too! I will definitely get my money back! I would recommend this to all of my friends!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The best product of the year  by M. (Verified Customer)  Pros:  Very quiet  Cons: :  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the 3d printer and a 2d scanner and had everything set up, the scanner was working fine and the printer was printing and taking the right color of plastic. When I turned it on, I got a message that the printer could not find the USB cable. It would not even recognize the USB connector. I was very upset and I contacted the manufacturer. They had no idea why it would not work and sent me a new printer. This was the first printer I had ever bought and it had not worked on my first try. I also got a bad review from this one, but I was in the same boat.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product Works well, but the cable gets tangled and becomes difficult to use. I had to take it apart and cut off the ends. Also, the cable is not soldered in place, so when you're trying to remove the cable from the printer, you have to remove a lot of plastic, and if you're not careful, it will snap off the plastic connector. Overall, it works well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************************** I bought the 3.0 version of the Panasonic DVX-8 because of the great price and I like the features. The built in mic is very good and you can add a mic if you want. I'm not a huge fan of the built in camera so I bought a Canon Vixia HF-100 camcorder instead. The main reason I got the Panasonic was the great feature set. The only thing I don't like about the Panasonic is the remote. It's a little small for my hand. I also prefer a built in. It was good enough for me though. My only other complaints are that the screen is not bright enough for a full picture and that the volume button isn't very easy to use. It does work though. I have also heard that the battery life is good so I'll probably upgrade it in a year.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Samsung tablet about 2 years ago and I have been using it ever since.  It has never had a problem and works perfectly every time.   But... The first time I got the tablet the screen did not work and I was so disappointed.  I tried a lot of different things but it still didn't work.  It took a week before I got a new one but the next day the same thing happened and this time I bought a brand new Samsung tablet.  When I tried it out the first time it did not load anything up but I thought that it was because the screen had been broken or something.  But now I know that it had something to do with the screen.  If you don't have one you can try to find the replacement. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you buy a phone, it is to your benefit that the screen is as good as possible.  It is more expensive to purchase a good screen than it is a good phone.    The screen is not bad.  I bought this phone because I wanted a phone that was as good or better than the phone I have.  The quality of the screen has decreased over time, but that has nothing to do with the phone. I have used this phone for the last year and a half.  It has worked very well.  After the last battery failure, I returned this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     This device has been great. I have two, one with the new battery and one with no battery. I am able to use both at the same time. This is great for the price. The one with battery is perfect for use at work, as the phone and camera are still charged and the phone is only running at the highest resolution possible. The camera is not perfect, but for a little money, I can use it and get a great image, with decent lighting. The battery on the other one is a little less than ideal for the job, but not as much as with the old battery. It also has a few issues. One, it gets extremely hot when it is on. I was able to hold it on my desk, but it gets so hot that it is unbearable to work on it. Two, I had to replace the battery, because the old one would die at the worst times. Three, it is a pain to charge it. It is too large to charge with a normal wall charger. I recommend it, but only if you need the extra storage space.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my laptop and I was excited at the idea of a laptop without a keyboard, but after about a month of use, I am pretty disappointed. It is very hard to type on and I have a bad back and neck. This thing has a lot of memory and a screen so that was nice. But the keyboard is awful and not a lot better than a typical laptop keyboard. I tried to get a Bluetooth keyboard and it does not work, and you can only charge it using a power bank.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year now and ive been very pleased. The only thing i can think of is that it is a bit slow to boot up. Also, the battery lasts for a long time. But the only thing that bugs me is that its a bit heavy. Overall, its a good device. ive bought 2 so far and im going to buy another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a nokia n900 for about a year now. i have always loved this phone. i cant live without it. however, after one year i found the buttons on this phone to be VERY finicky. there is a reason why this phone is a flagship. they should have put in a software to adjust the buttons or at least a slider for the buttons to be adjusted. they just cant get the right combination and i get very frustrated with this. i would buy another nokia, but only if the buttons were not so finicky on this one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: pre-owned | Sold by: i-pets
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for over a month now and it hasnt died yet i have bought over 5 other usb cables and this one has the best quality and is of a higher quality than all the others and ive never had one fail or not charge after a day of use. i love this thing ive got a few more and im not sure how many more i can get. i will buy again if this thing keeps working for me and lasts a long time
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The device is great. The only thing that I found very annoying was the remote that came with it. The buttons are tiny and the remote is extremely small and flimsy. The remote is a lot more convenient when using the computer and can be used to make phone calls when there is no internet. I have a desktop computer and I don't need the remote, so I don?t use the remote very much.  ----------------------------------------------------------  1190 Amazing price  Posted by Anonymous - 22nd February 2014   After seeing the price on here I thought I would give it a go and it worked fine. Thanks for your quick delivery. -James  -----------------------------------------------  1121 Great!   Posted by - 20th February 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ The product was cheap and broke within a week. I tried to return it, but it was too late. I ended up getting a cheap knock off. It took me awhile to get this one, but I love my phone, and the quality is great.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from Great little product I bought this phone about a month ago. It is just as described. I am an Android fan and have a few android phones. My old phone was a Samsung Galaxy S3 and it was very nice. I liked it a lot. The new Samsung phone is just fine. I like the screen on it. It was the first phone that had a screen like that. The only thing is that it doesn't come with a sim card. I'm looking for one. I've bought the Samsung phones before and they have a sim in them. I have a couple of other phones and I like them. It's the first one that I have found to be a real good phone. It has a lot of nice features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 3 weeks now. its the worst product ive ever had. it will not even power on. when you turn it on it shows the battery is at 25% but if you hold the button down the light on the unit turns red. after about 5 minutes the light turns back on but the light is still off. i have to wait for 2 days to get it replaced. im a first time buyer of this product. i will never buy anything from this company again.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  0 of 0 people found the following review helpful: Excellent for the price By K. G. on 7/26/2016 2:21:53 AM Product Quality: 3 Pros: Easy to use. Cons: None  2 out of 2 people found this review useful: I use this to control a remote control car. I had a good time playing with the lights. I only have one problem. I wish there was a way to turn on the lights without having to keep the power button pressed. It would be nice if you could turn the lights on and off without having the power switch on and that would be a must for me.  the only thing i dont like about this product is that it is hard to get the right position of the light. I tried a few different positions to get right but the one that works best is not the right one. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a dt1000 for almost 3 years. ive bought it mainly to use for my work at home as a computer and to play games. its always been a good quality unit. i can buy better in my country but it is a great unit at a good price. if you can afford it its a great investment.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: mrv
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not sure if this is a good review, but I just had to write it because I'm so disappointed with the product. The first time I used the phone, I didn't like it. I bought it to replace my old Samsung Galaxy S3. The S3 has a nice design but I don't like the plastic case. I wanted something more sturdy and durable. I ended up using the phone for less than a year, and I never bought another Samsung phone. When I received my new phone, the first thing I noticed was that the screen was cracked. It was like someone had just punched it. The screen was also very difficult to use. I had to use a micro-USB cable to connect the phone to my computer, and the phone's battery didn't last long. So, I just stopped using it.  After about a month, I gave up on it. Then, I heard about the new model, the Note 4.   The S4 has a great screen, the battery is good, and it's faster.  I love it, but after one month of using it, I decided to just keep using my Galaxy S2.  The Note 4 is much better than the S4.  My only complaint about the S2 is that it has a poor camera.  It has a horrible quality camera, and if you look closely, the camera lens is not square.  However, I have no complaints about the phone itself.  In the end, I recommend the Note 3 if you are looking for a good looking and good performing phone.  For anyone looking for the Note 5, I would recommend waiting for the new Note 4 and the S5.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my daughter to use with her Xbox. The Xbox controller works great, but the Wii remote isn't so great. The joystick is a little on the stiff side and the buttons are a little tough to press. The Wii remote does have a built in IR blaster, but it is on the back of the device so you can't use it with a TV remote. The gamepad is not very good. The buttons are too small and the triggers are on the outside of the buttons. I would have much rather had a better gamepad. Overall, it's a great gaming console but it would have been nice to have a better controller.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I just bought the ebay one and was not sure if it would be as good as the samsung. It seems good enough. But, I'm going to return it because the only thing that makes it better is the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've been using this phone for 3 months now and I'm still trying to get used to the software. The camera quality is terrible. The sound is horrible. I use a Nexus 4 for music and videos. The new phone is too much of a pain to use. I'm getting my sister to switch to the Nexus 4 but she's still a Nexus user.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This thing is a dud!! The controls are not very intuitive and the buttons do not work well at all. The power supply is very poor. If you have a USB to Serial adaptor you should be fine. I have used a USB 3.0 to Serial cable with no problem. If the price is reasonable then this could be a good device. I am a fan of the XBox but this is not the XBOX. The controller is not that easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is my first electronic device and the instructions are not very clear. It was so difficult to get it to do what I wanted. The only reason I gave it four stars is because I will be sending it back for a refund. I have not been able to use the device for a month. I bought it because it is supposed to be the first of its kind. It has the potential to be great if it works. The instruction manual could have been much clearer and the buttons could have had more tactile feedback. I don't recommend this product to anybody.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good first attempt I was happy with my purchase. I use this to monitor my child's blood sugar levels. The price is right and it does the job. I just hope that the monitor is accurate and accurate reading is the key to success. I'm disappointed that the device doesn't have a continuous mode that allows the device to read multiple readings simultaneously, so that one reading is more than enough to monitor a child's glucose levels.  the monitor does not have a good way to view readings from the device at the same time, and it is difficult to read the readings as it is very difficult to see the device's actual color and the meter's bar.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it! However the problem is that the touch controls are very difficult to use and have to be used multiple times before the settings are even recognized. This is a major problem. The only way to fix this is to get a different remote control, or buy a new touch screen device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a problem with this unit not working. I was getting good results from my other devices (iPod/iPad). So I bought this unit thinking that it was going to work just fine. I used it for a few months and it has not worked since the 2nd day I have had it. I've tried replacing the fuse with one that is rated to be in place but that didn't help. I have tried removing the battery, trying different batteries, trying to use different chargers, but nothing. My wife was very surprised at the poor performance, the fact that I have to take it apart to use it, and that the company didn't seem to have a good attitude about this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my son who has difficulty typing. He can't type and has no trouble at all typing on this keyboard. The key travel is perfect, the key cap feels sturdy and has a good feel, the backlighting is great and the sound is good.   My only complaint is the cable.  The keyboard cables are very short, I bought 2.  I can't use the mouse or use it to access files because it has a poor connection. I tried the same cable with another keyboard, it is way better.  Overall it is a great keyboard and the mouse is also a good addition. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a very good item but a very weak battery. It will work for a few hours before you need to change it. My first battery lasted almost a month. I had to buy a new one because it was dead. I'm not going to buy another one. I've been using my laptop for over a year and this is my first battery failure. I don't know why they didn't include a replacement battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** This was my first experience with a high quality speaker. I was looking for a speaker for my computer. I bought it for under $30 from Amazon. The sound is very nice. I've got it hooked up to my desktop PC. The volume control is a little tricky. The right channel only goes from 1 to 4. I have it on the left channel. If you use a computer with the same volume control, you have to do the opposite of what I did. There are instructions on the back of the case, but I couldn't figure it out. This product works well and I'll be getting another one for my home.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Steve in TX from Great sound, but be aware that it's not an external amp I purchased the speaker to replace a pair of Yamaha speakers that had died on me. I did not want to get an amp to go with the speaker and was concerned about the size of the speaker. The size is good. It is small enough that I can have it plugged into my computer (with an external amplifier) and have no problem with the volume level. I also like that the unit has a built in microphone. The microphone works great. I'm not sure how well the built in mic works when I have the speakers connected to the computer via the speaker output jack, but when I do, it works great! The volume is quite loud, but it can be a little loud for some applications. I am currently using it in my computer as a monitor and the sound is great.  The sound quality is good, but the build quality isn't great. The plastic used in the speaker housing is a bit cheap feeling. The speaker cable that came with the unit is a thin wire that does not look great. It also appears that the speaker cable has a couple of short strands, which makes it harder to attach the speaker unit to the speaker wires. The wire that came in the package was too thin and I did manage to get it to work but it was a pain. I do have to say though, the speaker works fine. It was loud enough to drive a small TV and it was loud and clear. I would definitely recommend the unit and I would suggest that you buy a replacement for the thin cable, if you don't have a replacement. I wouldn't buy it again, but would use it as a replacement if needed. The speakers sound great. But be aware, that the sound comes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an iPod shuffle.  It has been in use for over a year now and has not broken down once.    The battery lasts about a year.  I was hesitant to buy this device but decided to give it a try because of the price.  It is not as good as the iPod shuffle but is much better than the digital players like the iPod or the iphone iphones.  I can only recommend this product for the price because it is a great way to play music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now, and I can tell you that its quality is awful. When the unit first arrived it was so hot inside that i didnt have any chance to charge it up before i put it in my computer. theres still no case. the buttons on the front arent clickable, so you have to use your fingers to turn them on and off. if i dont have to worry about the usb port freezing up or overheating, i would have given it a 10 star review but this is one of the worst Ive ever had to buy. it doesnt even come with the usb cable that you would need for a pc/laptop, it comes with no case or power adapter, and the usb ports are so small that its almost impossible to charge the battery if youre using the usb.  Good product but..... I love this product but its very heavy and cumbersome.  the only problem i have is that it is very noisy and if you dont use it on a desk, or you have your pc next to you, then you can hear it even when its off.  I dont recommend this device, i have to say though, that it works great as a mouse and keyboard for me, it does not work well as a usb mouse.  in the future i think i would rather go with the mionix i7 over this but thats just me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is very basic, the buttons are small and hard to press. The only thing that works is the touch screen. The touch screen does not register clicks on certain items. When I click on a car, the device goes blank. I think I will be returning this device and going with the other brands. The batteries are not as good as other brands that I have used.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This thing is a joke  My daughter's new phone is broken, she tried to return it but the warranty didn't cover the return, she also tried to get a replacement but they told her she had to call customer service to get one. She's been on hold for 2 hours. My new phone works great and she loves it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I purchased this for a small business that had a lot of computers and wanted to get some nice ones for the staff. This one is very nice and I have not had any problems.!!! The quality is good, and the price is very good. I wish there was a little more storage, but I like the fact that you can remove the case and place the hard drive and the keyboard on top of the case so it is not touching the keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took me months to get my e-cig to work correctly and was very annoying. I had to order a new battery from another manufacturer and wait about 6 weeks for the new battery to arrive. I am very disappointed in this purchase. I would rather buy another cheap product than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a user of this thing for several years now. i have owned a macbook pro for about a year now and this is the best keyboard i have ever used. i do however feel that it should have a better case. i use the pc's on my desk and they are too hot for comfort. this thing is a nice keyboard and a great case. if you are a power user or someone who uses their computer a lot i would recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for about 2 months now and its just ok. i use it for my job and it gets the job done but it doesnt do anything that i want it to do. ive also had a few bad batteries, but the ones that have worked so far have been the ones with bad contacts. the contacts on the ones i had werent even flat so i cant even think of what the issue is with this one. overall good for a quick fix for when the phone is dead and the battery is dead but nothing really special about this unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good product for the price. However, the volume is low and it is a pain to use when playing audio files. I have an external speaker that is much better.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have bought these a couple of times and each time I have had a very bad experience. ------------------------- They are very thin and very thin plastic, so if you are careful it will not slip off the screen.  You can also easily damage the plastic on the side.    One time I went to the store and bought one of these and the screen cracked in two places and the plastic broke, so they are very expensive to fix and you cannot just buy a new one.  The other problem is that you have to pay for the warranty to be extended, but that's okay because they only do that if the device is defective. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the krpis and kamil pis for almost 2 years now and they arent a good product at all. theres two problems with these two devices, 1 is that they are loud and they have the "guitar" tone in them, and 2 the battery life is awful. i use these two for a couple of hours every night and i can't seem to get them to last more than 30minutes. i was hoping to get more use out of these, but im just too disappointed by the sound quality and battery life. this is a bad deal for $200. dont buy them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device is horrible. I got this to replace my old computer. I purchased the Apple MacBook Air, which has a bad trackpad, so I was pretty excited about this. I was very disappointed in how the trackpad performed. I had to use my mouse and trackpad to get the computer to work at all. I would not recommend this product. I bought the Samsung EVO 3G. It is the same, except for a trackpad. It has been a week and I have had no issues.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After installing the monitor, the first thing that happens is that the color of the screen is slightly washed out. It is a little dark and washed out, and when I put the white paper that comes with it in front of it, the picture is brighter. So I'm thinking the problem is that it's a different type of monitor. I think the screen needs to be replaced, and I've already replaced my laptop monitor so I'll be getting a new computer monitor.   Didn't work out for me.  Did you find this helpful?  0 of 0 found this helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was my first time to use the internet and it's just so slow. I have an Asus Eee PC 200M (4GB RAM, 2GB SSD) with windows 8.1 and I had to download a couple of apps to get my internet working. I had the computer setup a couple days ago but now it's taking like 2 hours to download something. It's frustrating because I have the computer set to auto download apps and the downloads take forever and a day to download. I bought this computer because it was cheaper and I was expecting it to be fast. I am a college student so I just wanted to play some games on my laptop so I bought it. Now it's not worth the money, but I'm sure there is a better option out there for the price I paid.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my gd3000 since about 4 months now. it works great and is very accurate but when i get to the range i find the range to be about 10-15 feet away from the target, i do this because my range is in a wooded area. i have used this unit for more than 2 years now and it works really well but i feel the range could be a little better.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dave from Excellent Product I have been using the M500G for several years. The unit is a good quality product, easy to use and very accurate. I use it for practice shooting at the range and also for target shooting at my local club. The only drawback is that the battery is very sensitive to temperature. It would work best if you use the included battery charger to charge the battery.  I purchased the M-500G to replace my M500, which had been discontinued. I have used the M 500 for about 6 years, and have always been very pleased with it. This M 500G was the perfect replacement for my M 500. It is just as accurate, shoots like a champ and is a pleasure to use. The range is about 20 yards, so you can use it at the firing range. This is the best I have found so far. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The unit came in one piece with no parts to break. The battery is great and I've been using it on my computer and phones for a few months. If you want a good battery for the price, this is a good one. The only problem I've had with the battery is when it does run down, it does drain quickly and the USB port is only 1.5mm. I think I'm going to buy a bigger USB port as well so I can use my iPad with my phone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not a bad device, just not as good as it should be I bought the first version of this item and I am very happy with it. I have it set up on a Mac Mini and I have been using the power adapter with the USB 3.0 port. I like the fact that it charges at 5 volts, even when my Mac is running low on power. It can charge my phone at full speed as well. I wish it came with an adapter to use with my iPad as well as my Mac. That way, I could charge both my phone and my computer at the same time and charge my iPad from the Mac when it is low on juice. The software is not as slick as the other units I have but that is to be expected. The one thing that I dislike is the fact it can't charge my iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is my first computer, I wanted something with a good computer that I could take to college. ------------ It does not. I could have bought the best computer in the world but instead, I got this computer. ------------- I am very disappointed with this purchase. --------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had this device for about a month. When I first received it, the speaker broke, and it was a real bummer, but I thought that would be a very quick fix. Well, I got it in the mail yesterday, and the speaker came back on. Then I went to the other side of the unit, and my speaker came on too. So, there you have it, two broken units. If I could give this a 0 star rating, I would, because the sound quality is not the greatest. I can't say that it is too bad, but the sound is so low, I cannot hear the lyrics when I sing along with my favorite songs. This is the only thing I can think of to complain about.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! (I had a bad experience with this device). I was not looking forward to spending time getting into this thing. The instructions were poor. I spent 15 minutes with it and could not figure out how to do the basic operation of pressing buttons. After that, I put it away. I then tried to find a good review to write to warn others. There are no good reviews about this device. I bought the second one for my girlfriend because she loves to play the computer games and she needed a computer like the one I had. This one was worse. I had to use a screwdriver to get it to start up. She got a computer for Christmas. I am not sure if this one works properly but I have to say I will not be purchasing a new computer or any electronic device from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ My favorite thing about the iPod Touch is that the software is so user friendly. You can create a playlist of your favorite songs and it will even play them without having to download them first. However, it's a little annoying that you can't have the software set as default and you have to change it manually each time you want to change your playlist.  Product Reviews Disclaimer:  Grainger is neither responsible for, nor does it endorse, the content of any product review or statement posted. Any statements posted constitute the statements of the poster and are not the statements or views of Grainger. The statements posted by Grainger employees with the Grainger employee badge represent the views of such employees and are neither endorsed by, nor presented by, Grainger
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ ______________  I have this phone for a month now and it's just a mess.  First of all, the build quality of the phone is awful. The buttons are mushy and feel very cheap. The battery is so old that it doesn't last a full day. The only thing that is good is that it comes with a case but the phone itself is just a horrible piece of garbage. I just hope the phone will die soon because it's getting to be a huge headache to use it and the battery is only holding a few days of use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice product. I used it to turn my iphone into a bluetooth audio device. I wanted to use my ipod but the bluetooth connection was terrible and unreliable.  After trying everything, I went with this product. It was simple to setup and I was able to get my ipod working without any problem.  I really enjoy the ability to turn on/off the blu ray player using my phone.  I have the iphones blu ray app on the ipad and the bluray player is always on.   For those of you who have iphoned blu ray devices I recommend you try this device.  You will be very pleased.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a month and it was ok for the most part but there were some glitches that caused it to shut down at random times. it doesnt work right when you need it to work right. if you use it all the time youll never notice it has some issues. the only good thing about this thing is that it comes with an adapter for your cable, but for the price im surprised that it doesnt come with one. ive been using this thing all day and i dont see why the adapter wouldnt be included. theres just so many things wrong with it. if you want a good computer for the money this is a good buy. if i could give it 1 star i would but its just not worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for over a year and it still doesnt work and i have no idea what to do. i was using it to do my computer work and the computer was running fine. i called apple tech support and they told me that it is the battery that needs to be replaced. i have had the apple watch for a few weeks now and it works great! i am not sure what the problem is with the apple device. the watch is a good device but its battery life is not what it used to be. so if you need an electronic device to do the things you do everyday, i would not buy this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am very disappointed with the new HP EliteBook. The screen is very hard to read, the keyboard is very flimsy, and the keyboard backlight is very poor. The backlit keyboard on the older model was very useful. If HP would have gone with the HP Elitebook Pro for the new model I would be very happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1.5Ghz processor.  No wifi. ... a nice little device for the money, but the battery dies too fast for me.   My recommendation is to upgrade to a 5Ghz, which will get you much more use out of the device. _________________  -I've been using my Sony Walkman for the past 12 years. This iPod is the first in a long time that really has "sucked" the battery life out of it.  :- The iPod touch is great for music, and this one has some really good quality songs. But the battery has a very short life span, and I have had to replace the battery 4 times in the past year. The songs are not as good as they were on my old iPod, but they are pretty good. The fact that I can play it on my iPad is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a few of these and the quality of the buttons is so low that you cant even press them with a normal hand. They also feel so cheap that you have to use the buttons as if they were cheap plastic ones. If you are buying these because you dont want to be bothered by having to keep switching back and forth to your tablet or smartphone, then you might as well not have bought them at all.  Rated 1 out of 5 by mike from The plastic feels cheap and cheap plastic has a nasty habit of breaking off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it takes forever to update the firmware on a battery. I bought this because it was advertised as having a long battery life and the only problem is that the firmware updates take forever. It is still usable for a few days but not the long lasting battery life it was supposed to have. I also ordered the 2nd one so that I could use both. I am hoping the update is quick and the battery lasts long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My first review ever. I had an early version of this with an error that made it hard to read. I got a second one after a couple of weeks and tried it out. It's fine now, but there is a big problem: the screen has a big "x" at the top. I'm not sure what it is supposed to be used for, but when it gets hit, the computer crashes and goes into a boot loop. I don't want to buy another one, so I'm going to go to my local computer store and see if they can help. I think it's worth the money, though.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Awesome, great features, solid build and value Bought the unit as a replacement for a desktop that I have and just wanted a replacement to use as a laptop. The specs are perfect. It is a great value. The built quality is solid. I've had it for 2 weeks and still have a lot of use to do. The screen is beautiful. It has a great resolution and color accuracy. I like that I can use my finger on the trackpad to navigate and the screen is nice and bright. I use the mouse to click around a lot on my phone and this makes it easier. I have used this as a work machine, but also for my personal use and the quality is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a solid value in a good laptop. I have been using it a week, and my battery has been over 10 hours. I love the size and weight. It feels very sturdy. It works well with my desktop computer and with my wireless mouse. The battery life is excellent. I am impressed with the quality. It doesn't feel cheap at all. I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a great little device, but it has a tendency to lose the charge on me every time I charge it. If you are a gamer who is on the go, this is a good purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************  I was disappointed in this product, and I'm sure many other people will be as well. I purchased a 2TB external hard drive to store all my personal and professional work. I installed the drive, but then, after a while of use, the drive failed. When I checked the drive on a Windows PC, it read only 8.3MBs of data. I tried another Windows PC and read a much more modest 2.8MBs. When it failed on my Mac, I was concerned and contacted Samsung. After two days, I got an email from Samsung saying the product was defective, and that I should send it in for repair. I called and talked to a supervisor who told me to return the device, or send it to the store where the item was purchased. I then called the store to arrange for repair, and they said it was impossible to repair this product. This product is a complete failure. The only reason I have given this a three is because of the price, which I am willing to pay for an excellent product. I will not be buying any more Samsung products.  Customer Service Response: Hi,  Unfortunately, we don't have a replacement for this drive. We're sorry for your disappointment.  "I have no idea why I should have to return my $700 Samsung EVO 500GB SSD" - (11/02/2012)  Write a positive review about the product: **********  This SSD is very fast and is easy to install. It is the best SSD I have ever had. It works great with my Dell Latitude 1030 and my HP laptop. I've been using it since it was released. I was very impressed with the price and performance. The warranty is a good bonus as well as the performance. I'm very happy with my purchase. - Michael F. (11-01-2012)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am a very happy customer of this product.    It works great but there is a very slight delay between the time the signal is received and when it is actually transmitted.  Also the volume is a little low.  I have owned this product for a year and it has been a great product.  Review of DJ-RX200U + DJ-AX400 UPDATED   This is a great little device. It has everything you need, even though it's a bit small. I use it with a CD player and CDJ. The built-in CD player is just a little small. The sound quality is really good. I don't notice any distortion or hum. The CD player comes with a 1 year warranty and I'm sure there will be a new version in the future. I recommend it to anyone who needs a good little sound system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I got this as a present for my mom, who has a computer. The problem is the cable it comes with, it doesn't seem to be plugged in, the screen is black and the mouse is really crappy. The mouse is hard to use, you have to hold it really tightly with both hands to click. I am going to have to spend a lot more to replace this one. The only positive I have is that it works with my old Dell desktop computer. I haven't been able to get it to work on my Windows 7 PC. I have had a few issues trying to get the device to recognize the PC it is supposed to be used with.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to play with my son when he is a kid, but it doesn't play a sound. So I decided to buy this to listen to music, and to help me keep my son entertained while we're out and about. The volume is too loud. You can't really enjoy a song with this speaker. The sound is muffled and doesn't sound like music. It's loud, but not the music I want to listen. The only good thing about it is that it's small enough to be used for a lot of music, but you can't use it in the living room or your bedroom.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device worked fine for about two years, but when I bought the new iPhone 4s, I had a problem with the screen.   I'm not sure if I should get a replacement or return the iPhone 4 or just get the new one. The new one is a little smaller and doesn't have the fingerprint sensor.   (But the new phone is better in my opinion)   Any suggestions on how to fix this screen issue are much appreciated!   Cheers!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a cheap gps watch for a year now and its really not that bad. the display is nice but i like the buttons and the battery life is great. the only problem is the way the screen is held up. when it's held in the correct position the display has a slight wobble and the screen can be slightly blurry. i wish the watch was made of more durable material. but overall i like it and will buy it again
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had an old electronic device that I could not get into any more. It would not turn on. When I took it out of the box I was amazed that it was so old. I had bought it new when it was new. It was just a few years old, but still in very good condition. The battery was completely dead. I was a bit surprised to see that the battery was still in the back. I tried to find out what was wrong with the battery, but it did not come out. I gave up and put it in the trash.  This is a great product, but the batteries in my old one were just not good enough.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ _________ _______________ This is the second Apple iBook that I've had, and they have all been extremely bad. I thought I was getting an iBook because it was so light, but I was not! I bought the 64 GB version because I have a lot of memory that I can never use because it is all clunky and heavy. I am also not a huge fan of the design, it's so ugly and clunky. It's been over a year and I can't even use it! The sound is terrible. The screen is also a mess and is hard to use. I don't even want to use it. It would be a total waste of money to buy this.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this item thinking it would be a good tool to use for cleaning the cables on my TV's, but instead it is a nuisance to use and causes a lot of dust and debris to get into the case when it is unplugged and turned on. I have had the case for over a month and still has not been fixed. The dust is getting to be a problem, and the case is leaking. I bought the replacement for $20.00 and that is not even close to being worth the cost of the replacement, as I was looking forward to being able to use the product again.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 18, 2012  Good tool. The plastic case is very thin but sturdy. The cable wrench is very good.  the only thing is that the case would not close the cable well. I had to buy a tool for it to be usable. I am sure it will be ok in the future.  and yes the cable is very thick and not easy to bend  Review of DJY Purchase from Best Buy:  This is the third or fourth time I've purchased this tool for cable removal. I've been very pleased with the product, the customer service and the prices.   Was it Helpful to You? YesNo Monday, April 13, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a couple of these for my two sons and they love them. However, they are very hard to clean, have a very small screen, and they break down easily. If you are going to spend this much money, it should last a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my pico for less than a year and theres been nothing but issues. It has the same issues that the htc 10 has and i have the samsung. Its always giving me errors, hasnt been working at all, and the screen is always giving a bad image. And the usb ports wont work. So now Ive gone to this thing and i hate it so much. Its a waste of money.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit worked fine until I connected it to my new stereo system. I was shocked by the quality of sound that was coming out of the unit. The unit works fine for a small home stereo. I think I will have to upgrade the system to get the quality that I wanted out of my system.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very poor quality I bought this as a replacement for a similar device that I had. It seems to be the same quality as the one I have. I have a similar one that I got from a local store. It is much better than this one. The sound is much clearer. I also bought a cheap pair of headphones that I was hoping to get good sound from. Not so much.  "The sound is very good, but not the sound I was looking for." The sound quality is very very good. I bought it for the money, and I am happy with the sound. The only thing I didn't like about the sound was the bass and treble, and that's because of the low level sound coming out the speakers. It was not too bad though, I'm sure I'll get used to it. I'm not sure if I would buy this product again, but it would be a good idea to have a replacement. 2nd attempt at a new stereo I have had an old stereo for 10 years, it's a bit beat up but still sounds great. I just bought a new high end receiver with a sub, so I decided to give it a try with the old one, and this thing works great. The low level audio is clear and crisp. The highs and bass are very good for a portable speaker. I am glad that I bought a second pair. I will keep it on hand for the car. I can't wait to upgrade my receiver. So far so good! So I bought the second one, I've been using it for about a week now and have been very impressed. It's been working great. No problems with the wires or anything, just the sound quality has been great. Posted by Eric at 9:00 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- *This product is junk. It's not even a good replacement for my old one. ---------------  Great product: -------------- *My first purchase from the internet! The product works very well. I've been using it for 2 weeks now. --------------  Excellent: ------------ *Just a great product. It works great and it's a great price. ------------  Works great, easy to use: ------------- *Good product. I recommend this to anyone looking for an easy to operate remote control. -------------  Good product, easy operation: ---------------- *Very good product, very easy to configure. I bought this to replace my remote control that broke years ago. -------------------------  Does what it's supposed to do: -------------------------- *Easy to use, easy install. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to have a remote in their house ---------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ is so good! The sound is fantastic and the bass is amazing! It is my new favorite _________ _____________ __________. ______________  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 18, 2011  Great sound!  by Peter from Dallas TX USA  Pros: Very good sound quality, excellent build quality  Cons: No remote, but still very good sound  Review: This little amp is great for small speakers, the sound is great. The remote is also very handy and very useful. The price is great, and this amp is good for home or small office use.  My only issue with this amp was that it was too sensitive and had a lot of issues with my Sonos system. I replaced it with a Dayton Audio T-Maxx and have been happy with the sound quality.  the only con is the lack of a remote for the amp, but that's the only downside for me. I'm happy with this little amp and will be buying more in the future.  a  No Was this Review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! This is the worst thing I've ever purchased, I've bought from a lot of places and this is the WORST product I've seen, this is why I will never buy from another company!!! I'm really disappointed with the quality of this product, it's not even close to as good as the old model, you can tell that it was just slapped together by an assembly line in a hurry!!!  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Magpul MBUS (Color) - Front Sight Base with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike! FAQ page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  the second the box says "Ship" it will be shipped out the same day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Dell laptop, it was a great product, but it just failed after 1 month. I called Dell support, they said they will send me a new one. I contacted Dell's customer service and they said I will receive a replacement. I'm very upset about that. I would have been happy to pay for a new Dell but they gave me a cheap one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Excellent product The new laptop is awesome. It's been a while since I've had a new laptop. The screen is amazing, the processor is fast and the keyboard is nice and sturdy. The keyboard is great for typing on the road, but I found that the mouse is very annoying and I wish they would have put a mouse pad in the laptop. If the mouse had a trackpad and a good keyboard, this laptop would be the perfect laptop. I also really liked the battery life on this laptop.  and now I just wish they'd make a 13" laptop!  Great laptop I have this laptop for 2 weeks and I am extremely satisfied. The battery life is fantastic. The processor is very fast and I haven't had any issues with the computer. I really like the keyboard as well. The speakers are very good. I use this laptop all the time. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************  I have to admit that I'm a little skeptical when a reviewer mentions a device that is "well built" when the reviewer is also saying that the device is "too loud." I've used a lot of Bluetooth speakers (I'm a recording engineer), and I'm not sure if this is the kind of speaker I would ever want to listen to at work.  As I mentioned in my original review, the quality of sound on this is not great. There's a good amount of bass that sounds pretty good, but the treble is a little weak. That said, it's still good enough for the price, and the volume control is really useful, and it has Bluetooth so you can plug it into a computer for listening or use it as a Bluetooth speaker. Overall, I'd say this is a decent speaker for the money. It would be nice if the bass and treble were just a bit better, but for the average person, this will work well for their needs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device is very heavy, but the design is a bit of a mixed bag.  I've heard of people saying that the light is too bright.    This is a light, but it's not as bright as a normal LED flashlight.  I'm sure the device is designed to be used with a UV flashlight, but not to the extent that it's too bright to read with.  The device does have a nice clicky switch, and the light seems to last forever.  The Good:  The light is bright and has a good range.  This flashlight has a nice, well built construction.  It has a really nice feel to it, and I can see myself keeping this flashlight around for a long time.  In addition to being a great flashlight, the light also has a very bright white light. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use with my iPad Mini to play some music while watching TV or surfing the net. This thing is amazing! It's so quiet, and there is so much power available to play music. I've had to plug this thing in every few hours to keep it from turning off or going crazy, but it's just so fun to play with. I'm still trying to figure out the best way to use it, but the only thing that's a little frustrating is that I need to have it plugged in for it to do anything, so I have to put the AC adapter back in every time I turn it on.   This is a very nice product, and I recommend it to anyone who likes their iPad Mini or a portable mp3 player.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not impressed with the performance of my Zagg. I am using it as a portable computer/laptop and it can't handle more than a couple hours of heavy use. My laptop (an Asus EeePC 1000) is also very good, but it has better built-in speakers and a better keyboard. I will never buy another Zagg again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a nice device for what it is. I like the size and the way it looks. I have one and love it. It does what I want it to. But the one thing I am having trouble with is the battery life. It lasts me about 8 hours. I keep it plugged in most of the time, and that is not a good thing. I am going to get a second one just so I have something else.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 09, 2012  great device  by: R.J. from South Miami FL USA  Pros: very sturdy  Cons: battery life is terrible  Review: I've had my EZ10 for over a year and it has been a great investment. It has the ability to use a USB or the built in battery. I use my phone for almost all my communications these days and I like having a battery with me at all times. I've used this device for a number of functions. I listen to the radio and use my mp3 player when I'm at the store. I play music and video on my laptop and I watch TV. It's easy to use and it is a good looking device. -R.J.- Was this Review helpful to you? Yes No Monday, November 04, 2011  Great  By: jonny from albuquerque NM USA  the battery lasts forever and that's all that matters. it's small and easy to carry in a bag. the only thing I don't like is the lack of USB connection. I don' think it's necessary to use it to play music from my phone. I'm hoping for a new EZ40 with a USB connection to play songs from my laptop. Was this review helpful to and read
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery is so bad the battery life is really bad. I'm using the phone for almost 2 years and I only use it for 1 hour every 3 days. I got the phone because the price was good and I was happy with the screen but the battery is too bad to use it at all. I've replaced it 3 times already but the phone is still the same. I can't imagine the quality of the plastic or the battery.   If it is so cheap, why is the battery so bad? I can fix it but I'm still worried about the quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** The battery is bad. It dies so fast that you need to re-charge it in a week. The only way to get more juice out of the batteries is to buy the charger that's supposed to charge the batteries at higher amps. The other thing is that I have had my phone for a year and a half and it has only died once. The problem is that the other phone I have also has the same problem and the service was not so good either.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a wireless keyboard to use in my computer, but it did not work well.  The keys were a little wobbly and would frequently lock up on me when typing or typing fast.    I returned it for a cheaper one, but I wish it had a mechanical switch.  The other thing I did not like about the keyboard was that the key switches felt cheap.  This may be due to the fact that I'm using a cheap laptop, but my old typewriter key switches feel much nicer. 5 out of 5   Very easy to use and it has lots of different settings.  It was easy to set up and the options were nice to have.  I would buy this again!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months now, i think its been at least a year since i purchased it. it was purchased as a backup to my main computer and it was never used to much. it has always had some sort of glitch. it is still a good computer and i still have a couple of other computers but this is the only one i can really recommend to people. but it has become a pain to have to deal with. it's almost as if they were trying to sell it as something else and trying to make it more useful. it would have been nice to get a replacement for it but for now it's just another dead computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing I noticed about this was that it is so very lightweight. It is made of ABS plastic, which is plastic. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product. It came broken, and I had to get a replacement. If you are buying this, be prepared for a long wait. It works very well for the most part, but the screen does not work at all. I could not get it to turn on and was left with no choice but to return it. I do recommend the $25 price, as it is a good deal. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use as an extra battery for my Sony X-Pro1. The batteries are tiny and not very durable. It's hard to find a good place to attach them to the camera because the connectors are so small. I also purchased this to have the batteries to swap when I change the batteries for the X-E1, but they are too short to reach the battery ports on the XE1. So, I have to keep them with the camera, which isn't a big deal but a little inconvenient. Also, the cable that goes from the battery to the USB port on the camera isn't very long so it makes the battery cables longer than necessary.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a month now, it works great, however, the screen isnt very bright, and the usb port isnt the best. it is a great product, i have no complaints.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The price is outrageous and the product is totally inadequate. I bought a Samsung Smart TV and I have to admit that the picture quality is very poor. The picture is very dark and the picture is grainy. The sound is poor, the picture cannot be watched on a bright screen. The Samsung has a much better picture quality than the LG, which is good enough for me. The LG has the same feature set as the Samsung but I think the LG is more reliable. The TV also uses a remote that is useless, as you have to use the included one to control the television. This is a waste of money. I would not recommend this television to anyone and I think this TV should be thrown away.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great TV for a great price I purchased this TV as a Christmas gift to myself and the wife. After reading the reviews I decided to give this TV a try as I really like it. Unfortunately the picture was terrible for me and the sound was terrible, as well. I have the TV on with all the extras set to off. I will return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  If you can't afford a new phone then... get a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I first got my tablet I loved it so much I thought I had found the perfect computer. It was so fast that it felt like I was multitasking, and it came with a nice keyboard that had great feedback. But then I tried to use the touch screen. I have a very small hand. I've tried to hold it, but it just bounces off. It's very frustrating. I'm not sure how to fix it. If anyone knows, please tell me. I really need a new one!   Product Review:  1 out of 1 found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** This is a great camera and a very good camera with good video. The battery life is about average. The main issue is that it is not very light and the lens doesn't focus very well.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Paul from Great value - Good image The camera is very small and light. It is a bit slow for video. Still, the image is very good. The camera's controls are great. The controls are very intuitive and easy to use. The video recording is great.  of course, the camera is not for everyone - if you need a high-quality high resolution camera, there are better options. For the price, this is a good option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst case of a computer I have ever seen. I would buy it if they had some decent replacements for the parts that are failing. I just returned this product for a full refund.  I did not expect to be getting a broken item from this company, but they have failed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After reading this review I am considering purchasing a cheapo keyboard. I read the good reviews and thought this was a good deal at a low price.   I had a few problems with this device and I will not buy it again. I plugged it into a TV and my computer and it won't accept any input. I tried the USB ports on my laptop and they didn't work either. I also tried the usb ports on a phone and it would not accept any data at all. This keyboard is not a good keyboard at all and will not be recommending it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a few months now and it is just not as good as the other models. The keys feel cheap and they dont even feel as good. It takes a long time to press the key and when you do it is not as crisp as on the other one. I had to get another one because of the other review.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using the T3200/5200 for about 3 years now and have never had any problems. I have the 3200 for gaming and the 5200 for video and music. I also have a 2.1 system, and I have only used the 5800 for gaming. I like the size, the weight, the speed, the ability to go from 2.4 to 5.0, and the high bit rate.   If you're looking for the best audio I would suggest you go for the 5100/5100. It's a little louder, a little more detailed, and a little bit more versatile.   The T3100 is more compact and has more options, but is less flexible. If you want the most features and speed for the least amount of money, then go for T5100/T5100 or T6100/6100.   I'm not sure why there are no T6200/6200, I'm really tired of buying this kind of device from Logitech. They're not as good as the others, but they're still very good.  The best of all worlds:   If this is the best of both worlds then the T5200/60x would be the best, but I'd say that's too expensive. I'd recommend the T6 and T6x for the same price, but you'll have to go with the cheaper model. The T6/60 can handle everything that the TX5200 can do, but at a bit more cost.   the best price of all time:   If I had to put a price on it, I'd put it at $100.00 or less. The best value in terms of audio quality, features and portability for the price is the T6500/6500. - I don't understand why Logitech doesn't offer the T2200 for the T60x, it would be a perfect combination. And, a big thank you to Logitech for continuing to support us as the TSeries is now 4 years old. I'm a big fan of the T4200/600 and the T5000/6000. I love the T6600/6600. I still use the T7000/7000 as well as the 5400/5400. The only thing I would say about the Tx series is that the 5500/5500 and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to play my computer games on my tv, but it was so loud that I had to turn it down.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Samsung T7200 is the worst computer I have ever owned.  I bought this laptop from Best Buy as a Christmas gift to my husband and he has had it for a couple of weeks.    The keyboard is terrible.  They feel like they are made from rubber, not metal.  It's a pain to type on.  The touchpad is very poor, there is a big fat bump near the bottom and the touchpad works really poorly.  I've tried to use the touch pad on the MacBook Air but it won't register taps.  In addition, the built in speakers sound terrible.     So far, it is the WORST computer I've ever owned, and the only reason I gave it a 4 is because I can see the potential for a few things to be improved.  This is the second Samsung laptop I've bought in the past year and the last thing I wanted was another Samsung. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iPhone 4S is my second iPhone, the first one being a 3G one.   I have been using this phone since day 1,   and I was really happy with it.  However   there were a couple issues:  1)   In general   the device is just not as smooth as the iPhone 3G.  The 3G was smooth as silk but the iPhone 4s is a lot less smooth.  2)  It does not come with a stylus.  In the past   i had bought a styli from Apple for my older phone (iPhone 3G) and   this one just does not feel as good.  I am pretty disappointed because   Apple is one of the best at making products that work,  and this is a big let down for me.  3)  The battery life is bad,  but not as bad as my older one (i7).    I was hesitant to buy this phone until I saw the features of the 3GS. I'm not sure if this is just a matter of me not liking the 4-inch screen, but I'm really glad I picked this one up. The build quality is amazing and the software is just so good. My only complaint is that it does not have a stylin and it is a little hard to use with my old one. Also, the camera on this is not the best, but i don't mind it because it's really not that bad. Overall, I would recommend this phone to anyone.  i love this phone I have a 3GS and this phone has many features that my 3GS did not have. The best is that the screen is large and clear. The battery is better too. It has all the functions of my old phone and more. I just wish it came with a touch stylus but other than that it's a great phone.  the iphone 4s ia the best ia have ever had ia think i should have bought iphones 4 ia but ia really don't like iphons 4 s
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I had this for about 3 months and then lost it. I was on a 3 day vacation and decided to take my iPod, my cell phone, and my portable DVD player with me. When I arrived home I went to check on the DVD player and discovered that it was missing. I called the company and they said that they lost it on the way to their warehouse. I didn't think it was that big of a deal and I was a little bummed because I just bought the thing and it was my favorite thing since I was 13 years old. The other thing is that they do NOT have an online shop. So you have to call them and wait. And, they charge for shipping and pick up. So that's another thing I would like to see changed. But overall I would still buy this thing. If I ever lose a DVD player or something else like that, I would buy this again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Raul from Good, but not great, I have a new Macbook Pro that I'm upgrading to a new model. I am having trouble with this thing because it doesn't turn on and off. It just keeps turning on and then off. And it doesn.t show the time. So when I try to open it or click on something, nothing happens. So I tried the old method of using the power button to turn it on and it worked. But I'm not going to waste money on this. ...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's too bad that Apple won't make their hardware even better in the future, but the iMac's design is great. The iMac (2005)  is an amazingly sleek and sleek looking computer that's an absolute joy to use. The iMac is a great little machine that has a ton of features and it's a joy to see it running and doing everything it can.  However, I found the iBooks to be a little lacking in content and the iDVD to be way too expensive for what it is.  In conclusion,  The best computer I've ever owned.   The only reason it isn't the best computer is because the iBook was.  It's a great computer, and I think if you really like a Mac you'll love it as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The keypad for the first time I used the phone was the problem. When I pressed the keypad, it felt like someone was putting a very thick rubber band around it. This happened when I first used the device, and then it happened again. I could not get it to work, and I could barely use it. I have the same problem with my old Samsung. This problem is only with the keypads on the E-M1.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newtargets
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The thing is just plain horrible. I got it to help me use my iPod while in the car, and I found out pretty quickly that it would not work properly. I would have to hold the buttons down for over 30 seconds and then I would get a pop up message that the iPod could not connect, and after that I could only press a button to get to the iPod settings. The buttons would only be pressed for a fraction of a second before the iPod would pop up again. The problem was the only way to get the iPod to connect was to hold down the buttons. The second you press a buttons the pop up would appear again. After the second time I tried that it was like nothing had happened, but when I went to get my iPod out of the car it would still not work. I thought I had to be having an electronic problem and went to my local Apple store. I was told that this was the most common problem with the iPod, but it was very disappointing to hear.   So I just returned it. I guess it was just too expensive for what I got.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was disappointed to see that the screen does not have a backlight, but this does not take away from the fact that it is a great product.  It was well constructed, well balanced, and has an all around good design.  It's very light, and can be carried around in a bag, but it is NOT pocketable, so you have to bring it with you.   The one gripe I have is that it has no memory function, so the screen cannot be used with other memory cards.  But again, for the price and the good features, I am really happy with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this product for about a year now. i have to admit, the buttons are a little annoying at times but its a very cheap device and the battery life is about average. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap wireless controller that works with the ps4.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 sets of these over the past few months, and they all work perfectly, but i find them a little flimsy.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little mixer I really like the compact size of this mixer and its great that there is a mini input and a 1/4" jacks to plug into. The only thing that bugs me is that the included stand can only hold one piece of mixer at a time. This is really annoying because I don't want to have to get the other pieces of mixer out to change the input or jacks.  the only downside is that it can be hard to find the mini inputs for the mixer when you're looking at a lot of stuff.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product because it looked a little too good to be true. I was excited to get it because it's a small price to pay for an awesome product. My first impression is that it looks nice. But I have a hard time getting it to work. It's really easy to use and works great for streaming movies. But my biggest complaint is that when it does work it's not as stable as I'd like. Also, it is very loud when it's running. My only complaint is the price. It is really a very nice device. However, I think it's worth the extra $40-50 dollars to get a better unit.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This item works fine. The cable is a bit long, but I am able to use the cable without an adapter and get the connection between my phone and computer working. The problem I encountered was that it came without a micro SD card and my computer does not allow the memory card to be inserted. I was able to replace it with another brand but not without the adapter. I'm going to have to look for a microSD adapter if I ever need another one. I would recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I have a Panasonic TC-WR580. This is the first time I've ever used a DVD player. I've had my LG BD-G70 and Sony DVD-R300 for years, so it's nice to have something new to try out. I'm new to home theatre so I'm really interested in the sound. This player is okay. It's got a nice bass response, but the treble is a little harsh, especially in the trebly areas. I don't think this is an issue with the player itself but just a reflection of the music. The player can play almost all discs well enough. There's a bit of an issue when the player is playing in surround mode. You can hear a slight delay in the music, even though the surround volume is loud. It also seems that the player isn't capable of playing in stereo. If you want to use this player as a DVD/VCD player and it has a stereo input, then it's a great option. If it has only one stereo input then you're looking at having to spend a lot more money to get the player in a stereo configuration. Overall, I like the player but there are better players out there.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a replacement for my old computer and it works pretty well.   It does have a couple of minor quirks like the power button does not work when the screen is off but overall it is a good product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a year now and its been amazing. i use this for my laptop as well as my iPhone. its so small and light that it almost disappears when i'm in the car and its great to use on the go. if you have a case with your phone you can always remove it but the battery is a little bigger so its hard to get to the back but you can buy a case for this phone to put on it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by JZ from Works good so far The phone works well. It was a little small for me but not much. I was hoping for a larger phone. I can use it for calls as well. I do like the fact that the phone doesn't have to be plugged in at all. I have been using the case to keep it safe. .  "The case fits the phone well." -Andrew
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to own this device and the battery life is terrible. The software is slow, the menus are terrible, and I am constantly getting the blue screen of death when I try to change music.  The fact that it is a $200-$300 device is just icing on the cake. _________________________________ ________________________________  2. _____ Sony Ericsson X1 Tablet  -   Excellent  :   Good  (for a tablet)  _________________________________________ _____________ ___________________ _________ 4. ________ __________ Microsoft Surface Pro 4 -  Excellent  : -------------------------- ------------------------- ------------------------ ------------------------ 4.5 ___________ _____________________________________ ______________ _________________ ________________ 5. ________________________ ______________________________ _______________ ________ 5.5 ______ _______________________ _____________________________ ______________________________________________________ ___________________________________ _________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First off: I was very pleased with my purchase, it's been working great.   Secondly: the usb cables for the 2 usb hubs are terrible. They break and then it's like they were just used to connect them to a usb hub, but never really made sense. They're a bit short, and then the USB-A connector doesn't go all the way in, so if the USB cable is short, it doesn't connect. It's a terrible idea and makes me want to take the thing apart.   "The only good thing about these is the price"   I'm not sure if the cables were designed poorly, or if the hub's power jack just doesn't work properly with those cables. It would have been nice if there was a small piece of cable or some kind of plug to help. I don't like to spend money on bad quality products, but this one is a huge let down.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker is too weak. I have a pair of high end sound bars and these are no better. It is just ok. The speaker is not very loud. There is no bass, and the highs are too weak and muddy. I really wished that I bought these for my own room, but for my son's room I guess they are ok.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I have the best keyboard, and I was so excited to get this one. Unfortunately, it has a serious keyboard jam. It doesn't even recognize the arrow keys and I have to hit the "backspace" key to stop it from happening. I also have the ergo dock, which is supposed to be a more sturdy keyboard, but the back of the dock is so flimsy and the dock itself is so cheaply made that it won't even hold it together without cracking the bottom. I'm sure there's a fix for this problem, but it's disappointing that it's not a bigger deal. I was very disappointed with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I had this device for about 2 months and have never had it malfunction. The only thing I do not like about it is the size. I have a small desk and desktops and this is way too big for my needs. I had to purchase another one because of this. I would suggest buying another one if you are a small person.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you don't have to use your tablet for anything other than gaming, you won't get the full potential of this tablet. The screen is ok for browsing the web, but I would prefer a screen with higher resolution for watching videos or watching movies. The tablet doesn't come with a case, but you can buy one for a few dollars on Amazon.   I'm very disappointed with the tablet, as I expected a lot more from this company.  It's a shame because I'm so excited to get it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was the first time I used the remote. I got it as a Christmas gift. It works fine and was easy to use. My only complaint is the small, rectangular buttons on the bottom of the remote do not work. I had to use the "push button" method, which is a hassle but does work. The remote has a great price for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The   I   S   F   M   G   B   C   A   T   R   E   D   L   H   O   U  S. I would buy it again.   This   has   all   the   functions   that   most   electronic   devices   have   and   it   works   great !  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* This is the second Samsung product I have purchased. The first one, the Galaxy S4 (2012), had a bad screen and poor battery life. I was told by Samsung that they would send me a new one and that I should replace my old one. I did this and it worked just fine. I replaced the screen and batteries on the second one and it had the same problem as the first one. The battery lasted about two days. So, I returned it to Samsung. The screen was still not working and the phone didn't work at all. I am a professional photographer and the battery is a huge pain in the ass to use. I bought the camera on this phone because it was much better than the Galaxy s4. But the phone is horrible to use and has a bad design that is hard to use (camera is too far back). I hate having to carry a box of batteries and all of my stuff in my bag with the phone. I don't even like carrying the phone around when I'm on vacation because I have to charge it at home. This phone is a joke.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for a couple years, it is ok, but the micro usb cables that came with it didnt last long. they were short and werent compatible with my phone. i would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since late 2009, i bought this for a friend. i have had problems with it but every time it gets fixed it is like new again, i use it for the music and tv and it is very nice, i just wish the bluetooth was better, not as good as my other bluetooth speakers and its the only one i use to stream music.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jimthemiker from Best sound quality I've had so far. I purchased this for the living room, it is small, but with the built in speakers it is perfect for music or TV in the living space. It does come with a little speaker adapter, but that is the only thing I would change. It is built very well, but the sound quality is just average. I've been using it for a month now and have had no problems so far, would recommend this if you want a decent sound system  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a t-mobile wireless phone for 5 years, and it always breaks! now, after 3 months with a different brand, this phone does not seem to be any better! ive tried 3 different phones and they break, and now my t- mobile is a waste of money and I cant even get the same service!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This is the third of these devices that I have bought and it will not be the last.  The first one I had for about 3 weeks and it did not work well at all.    It was too sensitive and made a lot of noise when I tried to turn it off.  There is no way to turn the power off.   The second one lasted for about 2 months and then I found that the buttons on the device were not making any noise.  I have not had the third one but will try and update this review as soon as I get the third.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the pico for a little over a year now and it's been the best blu ray player i've ever used. ive tried a bunch of other blu ray players and this one has the best sound quality.  to say the least, the pixi sound great.  if you want to listen to your movies on the go, this is the blu ray for you. i love my pico blu ray.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 20, 2012  Great player  by William from Bakersfield CA USA  Pros: Compact, compact, compact  Cons: The battery life is not great  Review: This player is compact and great for traveling. It is easy to operate and has the capability to play back up to 1080p video. The only con is the battery life. I'm using this player on a 10 hour trip so I have to recharge it at least once a day.  and the battery is the biggest con I have. it will last about 1 hour before you have to plug it in  I have been using this blu ray Player for about 3 years now and have had no problems with it.  to me the best thing about this blu-ray player is the quality of the sound and picture. :)  Good: Great sound quality  Bad: Batteries are cheap  Would I recommend this product to a friend? Yes  Do you have a review for this product? Yes (0) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only negative I can give this is that the USB port does not work well with an external USB flash drive. I used it to transfer files and it would often lose data.    Rated 1 out of 5 by Bill from No data transfer, and no backup I have had a hard time getting this device to work. The USB connector is bent and is very brittle. I have tried a few different types of cable, both male and female, to no avail. When I tried to use the USB cable to connect to my computer, I was unable to do so. I can't figure out what is going wrong.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I was disappointed with this item. The USB to VGA adapter was a pain to install. The device was very difficult to use and the video output was poor. I had to use the software provided to install the driver on my PC. The adapter worked well with the display of the laptop. The VGA connector is not an issue. I can't say much about the adapter. It works. But not well enough for me.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The first device I bought was the Logitech M590 Proteus Spectrum. I bought it for a school project and the sound quality was so terrible, I had to go back to my desktop PC. It would not play a single track on my computer. It had a huge, and I mean huge, gap where the speakers would be. It was also too light to hold in my hand at the desk, and the buttons were so small and hard to hit. I finally had to give it back and get a PC. I also bought a new Logitech Wireless Keyboard and mouse. They worked okay, but the mouse would randomly disconnect. I'm sure the reason was the mouse cable had become twisted and was constantly moving around. It is a shame that Logitech has failed to fix this product. I will not recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ ____________ ___________ ______________ _____________ _________ _______________ ________ ________. ___________________ ______ ________, ________" ________ ___ ________|___ ___ ____ ____ ___ _______ ____|___ ____ __ ___ _____|___ __ ___ ___ ___ _____ _____. ____ ______ ____, _____ ______ _____, ____ _ _ ___ ___ ___ __|___ _ _ _____ ___ ___ |___ ___ ___ _ _|___ |___ _______ |___|___|____| _____ __| ___ ___|___\____|_____|_____\____ \/ |__|____ _____ \/ \/ ____/ __| |/ | / | __| / / ____\ / \ \/ / / \ / / ___\ / |/ _ \/ _ / __|/ / _ \ \ \ / | \ | \/ ___ \|__| |___ \| |_____\ |_____/ _____/ |___/ ___/ ________/ ____________________________________________  The above is an attempt to be comprehensive and accurate. As you can see, there are many different variations on the theme of the "one ring to rule them all." This is what is known as a "universal design." The ring has the same general shape and design across the board, but the variations are based on the materials that were available at the time and the design needs of the time.  This is a good example of how the idea of a ring is a constant in history. Rings were made of various metals, materials, and designs as early as 9000 BC, though the earliest examples are in bronze. Rings could be made from copper, bronze, silver, gold, or even iron. Bronze and iron are very similar metals and metalsmiths made a lot of mistakes in making rings from these metals.  and are also both bronze. , though they are not. Bronze is much harder than iron and would not have survived the heat that iron is subject to. If you were a Bronze Age jeweller and you had an iron ring to sell, you could sell it as a Bronze ring, or sell it a Bronze style ring, because it was more durable than the iron style rings available at that time. Bronze style rings have a more traditional look and design, but they have a much lower durability.  a "slightly
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm not sure if this was the first one that came out, or not, but the first time I saw the screen it looked like it was going to explode, I had to get it out of the box before it burned up my house.   This is the only computer I've ever owned that was not reliable. It took so long to load up and then once I got it up and running the screen would go blank. This time the screen was working perfectly. I'm so glad I got a new one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: online-deals
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few from them and never had a problem. I have a couple of these cheapie portable computers and they work just as good as my main computer. They just seem so cheap to me. If they ever got a quality product i would buy more.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product for the price. The price is very fair for this product. It's well made, it's got all the functions that you need, and it's quite portable. I would buy it again.  and it doesn't take up a lot of space either.  (Posted on 2/6/2016)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is horrible, the sound is bad, the video is terrible.  I have used this a couple times and the battery dies in about a month.   This is the reason for me not using this for the next 6 months. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The quality is average at best and I've been using this for 3 months. It's a good device to have, but for the price I'd rather spend a few bucks on a higher quality device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used my iBasso, for many years. I have a very old laptop and I have always found that the battery does not last as long as the iBasso.   iBASSO:   I have had this iBassin for several years and it is the best I have ever used. I use it with my Dell and it just does the job. It does a great job with a laptop battery. The only problem I have found is that the rubber part on the end of the cord is a little bit rough. I would rather have a new cord.  If you are looking for a good battery backup device this is the one   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device I purchased has a great feature to help you identify what the current voltage is.  I bought it to monitor the battery voltage and I was shocked at the lack of the device on the shelf. Â I have been using it for a few months and have found the battery to be extremely unreliable.    It seems the voltage is often down from the factory but is often still a few volts lower than the original.  If you need to check the battery status, you have to plug the device into your PC/Laptop.  The battery voltage does not always show up when you use the app.  I was able to determine what the battery was doing by using the app to detect when the battery fell below a certain level.  In addition, I found the device to be slow to get the battery back to a proper voltage level.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an HP Compaq Tablet that works great for what I need it to do but not so much for what i want it to be. The back cover is flimsy and not strong enough to hold a stylus. The battery life is also very bad. It will only last an hour on high settings but that is with a 20% charge. The sound quality is horrible. It is not even worth mentioning that the keyboard is terrible. I would not recommend this to anyone who does not need a laptop but I can't recommend it to anyone. 1 of 1 found this helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I liked about this device is that it did work. However, it is not easy to use, and the buttons are a bit hard to find. The main reason I bought it was to watch YouTube videos. The device does not support subtitles. I have to use an external device to watch videos. I don't like using an external unit. I was hoping the device would work with the new Roku but it doesn't.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This thing is soooooo bad. The sound is horrible. It does not get any louder. The quality is terrible. I can only hear a very faint and faint hissing sound coming from the speaker. It is a horrible experience. I really like the remote control that it has, but I can't say the same for the sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a bad product. I bought the iPad 2 to replace my iPad 1, but the performance was the same. The screen is horrible, and the performance is just awful. I tried a few apps, and all the games are horrible, except the ones you can play on your own. The performance is horrible even if you are on a fast network.  I don't know why Apple doesn't put a good quality battery in their products.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I bought this device it came with a very cheap cable that I can't believe is included. It was made out of the same cheap plastic and it had no insulation or anything. This is the only reason I gave this device 3 stars. The actual battery is ok but I would rather spend more on a better battery and an even better antenna.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard is awful and the function keys are all on one side, making it hard to use the touchpad. The software is really bad. It has lots of bugs and it is very slow. It is not the best computer I have ever owned.  Overall, this is a bad computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 months now and it is just a crappy toy. It wont work when the power cord is in the wall. It will turn on but won't connect to my router. And the batteries last a long time but are too weak to recharge on the fly. I have to replace them every few months. I can't really recommend this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** The keyboard on the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 comes in two colors, but only one color is a color that's good for typing on. The color of the white plastic key plate on the 13-inch Inspiron is a nice cream color. The keys are a bit small and the keys are very hard. The buttons on the left side of the keyboard are very small and easy to press, but the keys themselves are not that easy to use. When I use the 13's on a laptop, I have to use the keyboard in conjunction with the trackpad or I just don't have the space for the mouse to work. If you are like me and want a small laptop for basic work, then the Dell is a good choice. It's a good little laptop with some good software and a decent keyboard.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great laptop I've had this for a few months now, and I am extremely happy with it. I love the screen. It has an amazing resolution (I bought a new 4k monitor). The laptop is lightweight and slim. I also love the speakers, but not for music but for movies, they are great. I'm on my second Inspiron so I can't speak to the Dell's performance on games, but I do love the price point. I am a college student who has no money to spend on a gaming laptop. I've been a gamer since I was a child, and these are my go-to devices for playing games on the go. I can play the latest games, as well as older games with no issues. The keyboard is great, and the track pad is amazing. My only complaint is the weight of the machine, but with all the software on it, that's not an issue.  in the meantime, I am using this laptop for the rest of the semester as a school workstation. The battery is good, and its a great laptop. The only thing I would change about it is to get a USB 2.0 port, it would be nice to plug in my external hard drive and transfer my work directly from my laptop. Overall I am very satisfied with this laptop, and will buy another one for my son when he's done in school!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: bestbuy
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this product about 3 years ago and have always used it. The problem is that the sound is bad. I have had a number of headphones and this one is worst. I'm looking to replace the one I just bought. It is really a bad product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love this thing, but it's so noisy that I need a good, quiet desk. I've been using it for over 2 years and I am still getting used to the way it works. The noise level is about as loud as a microwave oven, but I use it in a quiet office. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it has no power button! It has a small power switch in the back but it doesn't seem to work. I have it plugged in and it never goes on. It will turn on when it's on, but nothing more. I am not sure if the button is defective or what. It's definitely not as easy to use as the other models I've used. I guess it's not as good as some others I've tried.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product did not work. I was very disappointed. The batteries have very low voltage. If you plug them in to charge and then go to play you get no sound. If I want sound I have to buy a separate pair of batteries. If they are not working why would I buy it?   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just purchased this unit, and it works great, however it is a little annoying. I've been using a small TV set, and this works perfect with it. However, if you don't like the cable, then you can't use it with it, so it's a little disappointing. But for the price, I am very pleased with this product. I would definitely recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have the 3.7v 3000 mAh battery version of the iStick, it's very good but I really want to upgrade. I was so disappointed that the battery is not replaceable. I just had to use it to see what happens to it when you run out of juice. It's not like my other e-cig's where I can just buy another one from a different store. When I got the battery in, it was already dead, so I couldn't put in a new battery. I have to wait for a replacement to come in before I can do anything about it. I would not buy this product again. I will try to find a cheaper alternative.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I first bought my XBOX ONE (it came with a 1 year warranty) I had a hard time figuring out how to use the XBOX controller. I tried to use a standard XBOX 360 controller and it wouldn't work. I then tried using the wireless Xbox 360 controller which didn't work either. I went to a friend's house and they had the XBO and he said it worked great. After looking at the controller I figured out how I could hook it up to my PC with an USB cable. I connected the controller to my computer with a USB cable and it was perfect! The only issue is the buttons aren't that easy to press with a single hand.   This is my second XBOX One controller and I'm not sure if the problem is with the controller or the computer. I'm going to try this method out on my next XBOX console.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is an excellent monitor for the money. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the screen. It has an annoying "pulse" noise when you turn it on. It also seems to be very noisy in certain situations (like gaming) so I can't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the efuktune for a few months and i was never disappointed. the only thing is that the sound quality of the efs is not up to par with my headphones and it isnt as good as the real deal but still, the best efuztune ive ever used. i have an ipod touch so i bought this just to listen to music on the go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   -Doesn't seem to work as expected. (I would've gotten a more robust unit for the price.)  Reviewer: Anonymous - favorite favorite favorite - March 18, 2010  Subject: Nice, but does not work on my system I'm not sure if this is a software or hardware problem but it is extremely difficult to play the music. It does play the audio file but I cannot get the music to play. It seems to be a problem with the audio interface.  If you can find a solution to the problem please let me know. - March 17, 2010Nice, but  "But what about the music, oh what about music, that's what we love"   Yes. It is. - February 27, 2010But what abotu the music  A bit of a problem, but it's not a deal breaker - February 20, 2010A bit  I can't find a fix. I thought I would try this thing out to see if it would do the trick. I'm really looking forward to playing the music from the CD in my new Yamaha CD player. The problem is, when I connect the CD player to the laptop I get a pop-up saying, "Playback problem: connection error, please try again." - February 18, 2012I can not find a  fix. I though I would Try this thing  out to see  if it would  do the  tempt. I am really  looking forward to  playing the  (CD)  music from the    CD in my  yamaha CD player  . The  problem is,  when I connect  the CD player To the . It pop-ups, "playback problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a couple of these and they always sound bad. i keep buying new ones for the same reasons because i can always find a good one for less than the cost of the old one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very nice device and a great value.   Unfortunately, it is not as good as the other good ones.  I'm going to go back to my trusty Korg DS-1000 because I can't stand the fickle, sometimes unstable behavior of the iDS. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use with my PC and laptop, and to try out the tablet aspect of the device. The first problem I ran into was the fact that it doesn't turn off properly. I had to force the unit off twice, and it would only power off after a couple minutes. The next problem is that the tablet is really bad in quality. It feels like plastic, and there are many sharp points. It's not worth the money for this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the phone app is very slow. It's very easy to use, but there's no way I'm switching apps so frequently, especially with my limited bandwidth.  I'd love to use the phone as my main computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a little over a year and i use it a lot to take pictures in my apartment but this thing is a big pain in the butt. the only good thing about it is it is cheap but its a pain to use and a pain in my back. i think its time for it to go to the landfill or something
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My first purchase of a laptop was a Lenovo T450s. It was a decent computer for my first purchase. I've now bought 3 more in the last few years. The only issue I have is that all the ports and buttons are on the back. I'm not too happy with that. It's a little hard to reach on the sides when I want to do something, like plug in a mouse, and when you're just using a touch screen you can't reach it to use the keyboard.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very happy with this laptop This is my first computer ever and I'm very happy with the laptop. I bought it for work and play. I have no problems using it. I like the way it looks. I just wish that Lenovo would give a model without a back cover as there is no way to install the drivers without one. Also I don't know why they didn't use the plastic case on this one.  a very good computer I have a gf laptop which is very good, the Lenovo has some improvements which are nice, but it is not a lot but still very good. The keyboard is very nice and nice to type on and very comfortable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an hp laptop for about 10 years. my battery died a couple of times and i wanted a new one so i looked on the internet and bought a used one. when it came, it was the complete opposite. i wouldnt even turn it on and the only way i could use it was to put a usb to dvi adapter in and then put the usb to eos on top of the usb. the only reason i gave it 2 stars is that it isnt as sturdy as the hp laptop and i didnt expect much but it sucks!  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Terrible product I purchased this a year ago and have not been able to use it at all. The only thing it does is connect to the computer. It will not start up at all, it does not boot up and is extremely heavy.  Product arrived damaged. No information given on where to go to get a replacement.  in a desperate attempt to fix my problems, i called the company and explained the problems I have had. i received no help, I was told it was not my problem to start with. I am very upset about my experience and will not be using this product any longer. :)  Very disappointed and I don't know what to do now. Very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone for 3 months and its the worst device ive ever had in my life. the screen gets scratched and it wont even turn on. i was going to buy a new iphon but i cant afford it so i'm stuck with the bad iphony.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of months now, it's ok. i'm not a fan of the way the buttons are laid out, the scroll wheel is so slow. the only thing i do like is the battery life. when i run out of juice it doesnt really die and i have a spare. i use it for my phone and it keeps it charged. i would recommend it but if youre looking for a good budget tablet its not the one to buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The keyboard on this is really bad. There are some small key issues, and some keys are very hard to press. This is not a big deal, but it's worth mentioning. The other issue is the screen. It's very bright and it makes it difficult to use with the dark theme. I don't like the fact that the keyboard is not backlit.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 17, 2010  A good keyboard for a good price  by Joseph from Chicago IL USA  Pros: Cheap  Cons: Only one USB port  Review: Works as advertised. Works well with my HP Touchpad Pro. No issues.  the only con is that there is only one USB 2 port, but that's not really a con.  a nice alternative to the touchpad if you want a small keyboard  (reviewed 27 days after purchase)  Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is awful. It's a piece of crap and the battery life is terrible. I've had it for a couple of months now and I'm using the power bank and charging it constantly to get through a day. It will only last a few hours at a time. It also doesn't charge over USB so you need to use a computer. I can't recommend this device at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My iPad mini has a screen that is too small and the buttons are very difficult to push. The screen is made out of glass so it's not too bad but the buttons don't work very well. I'm not too sure why this is happening.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a hdd for over 10 years, now i've upgraded to the 750gb sata one (and no problems at all), so if you have the same issue, it might be worth the upgrade to upgrade to the sata drive.   I've been reading some reviews about bad quality of the drive, but mine is still running fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This has worked for me but I'm a beginner and have found that some of the functions are very difficult to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I am going to be honest about this purchase. The product is very nice. The design is really cool. I just wish it was a little bit better quality. The sound is OK. The buttons are just not smooth. I'm not sure if it's the hardware or the software, but there is just something about the buttons that are just a bit rough and inconsistent. The speaker is nice and clear but it doesn't really get any better than that. The software is great and the user interface is easy to navigate. I am very happy with my purchase. If you are looking for an affordable digital audio recorder, look no further.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a great camera, and the only thing I would change is the way the lens screws on. They seem to be made for the cheap, and I was very worried about how the lens would hold up to the stress of being on my camera a lot. It's pretty flimsy and just kind of falls apart on the camera when you take it off. The only way to hold the lens on is with a screwdriver or a plastic tool. I also don't like the way it is attached to the camera. It is a pretty flippy fit. You could probably tighten it, but I think the screw on the lens was a little tight. I'm still happy with it though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this was an expensive waste of money. I have to go buy a new one for my new tv. I was disappointed when I heard about the freebie but I figured I'd try it out because I wanted to try a new tv at a decent price.  I have to say, this is not as good as I thought it would be. The sound is good, but the picture quality is not.   The new Samsung is much better!   I was hoping to have a nice big screen, but unfortunately, I just got a "slim" TV that I will probably use for the TV instead.  What I like about the Samsung: It's big and the tv looks really nice.  It has a lot of inputs and inputs that I like.  The remote is pretty good too.  This tv is very easy to set up and the pictures and sound are great.  I'm not the biggest fan of the remote, but it works. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product for a very special occasion and had a great time using it for the whole event. I was a little worried about the build quality, as i was expecting a lot from this company but i was pleasantly surprised. the unit worked flawlessly and the software was very easy to use. the sound was excellent, the volume and volume adjustment was perfect, the touch control worked great, and the USB input is a great addition. i also got a lot of compliments on how fast i used this and the fact that it did not take much to load.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  -1/2 a day is way too much! -  I've owned this for about 2 weeks now and it's been very nice and easy to use. The only problem I've had is that I can't get my batteries to last all day long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this for a while, and the sound quality is not very good. I am on the 6-band version of the device, but the only way to change the frequency is through software (no USB input).  The sound is too low and very grainy. I would definitely not recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is horrible. I am using this device to listen to music and I can tell you right now it is horrible, so much so I have had to buy another.   I bought the device to use as a speaker and the only thing it can do is turn on. I was expecting something more powerful but that is not the case. I have already returned this item to Wal-Mart.   "   Customer Review: "Great sounding speakers for the money"  Comments:   The best sound in my house and I love that they are very easy to use.   a friend gave me this device and I was very happy that he gave me the unit for free. I had no issues using it and have been very pleased with it. I wish that they had come with the remote control for this unit because I have no idea how to use the remote, it does not work.   and as a bonus... the battery is very very good. I've been using it all day and all night without it ever dying.   I highly recommend this device if you're looking for a great sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It's a terrible product! I bought it to make my life easier because my computer screen is always on the move and sometimes hard to read, but after using this one, the screen becomes like a paper-towel! The screen goes black when the mouse is moved and when I open the lid to put something on it, the backlight stays on, but the screen is off! I can't use it. I'm a computer professional, so this is a major deal breaker for me! Please don't buy this device! If you want a good computer screen for the money, get a better one. I won't be buying this one again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is very good but it doesn't sound good at all. I was expecting a better sound from a budget device, but this one is really not worth the money. I use it as a sound monitor, so that is why I like it. However, the volume is way too loud and makes it hard to listen to music. It's hard to find a place to plug it in if you're looking to listen while working or studying. I would recommend a slightly lower volume for people who are going to use it for sound monitoring.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to go with my Sony a7r and it is an absolute pain to use. It takes a lot of fiddling to set up, and then it crashes like a car. Also, the image is very grainy. Also I am very happy that this was discontinued.   Also, if you want a good camera this is a very good camera, but if you are not into the big bells and whistles I think you will not like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this monitor for my son who is 7.5 and has severe vision loss. It's very bright and I think it's great that I got the larger size as well. I just wish I could turn off the auto-brightness setting on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying these for about 6 years now and every time I've purchased a new one my old one breaks within 2 days (even though the battery isnt in use and never left the house) ive had it replaced 3 times (2 of them for the same problem). ive used it as a computer keyboard, printer, monitor and now an e-ink device as well (its not waterproof so you need to be careful if you drop it into water)  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ausvape
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "The sound was good, but the buttons were very poorly placed and were easily pushed to the left or right. I have had the radio for less than a year now, and I still don't know why they decided to change the buttons. It's a good sounding radio, but it's still just a cheap piece of junk."   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a very cheap portable DVD player. It has worked very well until it stopped working. I was told it is a software problem and it should not have the software problem. I returned it. When I returned the device it had a hole in it and there was a small piece of plastic missing from the top of the unit. It took the hole out and there is a little piece of tape on the inside of the case that does not have a label. The cover of the player is in horrible condition. The player is very dirty and looks like it has been through a lot of hard use. This is not a good product. I am returning it. I do not recommend this unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! I love my sony PX-4000 but when it stopped working my phone and the ipod couldn't get connected no matter what i tried. It took about an hour for it to start working again. I would definitely not buy this again, and would recommend getting a usb to usb adapter and usb cable instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this device to connect my Sony Playstation 4 to my Samsung Galaxy Note 4. I didn't want to use my Samsung phone to play my Playstation but I'm a bit picky about my mobile gaming devices. I used to be a huge Nintendo fan but I don't want my friends to see me playing on my iPhone because it's not an official Nintendo device. I got the Xbox One controller to use with my Playstation 4 but this one isn't as nice. The plastic feels like cheap plastic compared to the Xbox one controller. The thumb sticks feel a little small and the buttons on the controller feel flimsy. This is a great purchase for a beginner but if you want to get more advanced, get the Xbone controller.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The first time I saw the iBod, I was impressed. I had no idea how much weight it would hold. It's just a big, heavy dumbbell with a little clip at the end that you can slide into your pants. But you can also use it as a "purse" by sliding the clip over your shoulder. I can see how it would be useful for lifting weights, but what I really want is a way to store all my stuff without taking it out of my pockets every time I'm doing something. I'm going to keep the i-Bod because the weight is great, and I like the size. However, I don't know if I'll ever buy another dumbbell that weighs less than 20 pounds.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JoeB from Good Dumbbell I like that this dumbbell can be used in different ways. It can be a shoulder exercise or a back exercise. The handle is durable and comfortable. It is light and easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the unit and was really excited to find a battery powered speaker. I plugged it in and heard a very clear sound. I also found that the volume of the unit was a lot louder than I expected. I am also not sure how long it will last.  It's battery lasts for about 3 hours at max volume. The good:    The best thing about this speaker is that it's rechargeable.   It's a pretty heavy speaker which is nice for a portable device.  The remote is really good.  It works pretty well.  My only issue with the speaker is the size of it.  If I was using it in a room with lots of furniture or a lot of walls in it, it might not be as good as it is in a more open space.  I'm pretty sure I could replace the speakers with something larger and still have the same sound.  There is also a good amount of bass.  Overall, I think it's a good portable speaker that I can get around town with.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  When you find yourself with a large screen, you can't see the bezels. You have to stand it up on your desk to read it.   [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a iphone for 4 years now, the screen is bad and the device is a piece of junk. i can't use it to surf the web or email people without it breaking.  I have been using the iphones for about a year now and the screen quality has decreased significantly since the first one. I bought a new one a couple of years ago. The screen has started to fade and I have had to replace it several times because of the screen issues. I have used other brands of iphons but the iPhone is by far the worst iphoner I have ever used. I will be sticking with the if i ever get another iphonet  The iphon is ok. It's cheap but it's still functional. It can use bluetooth or wifi and the battery lasts for a good amount of time. I've had it for a few years now and haven't had any problems so far. If it doesn't last you have a few other options that are less expensive.  a little annoying, but nothing that you can't live without.  to me this is an ok device but it has its issues that you have to live with. i dont see any issues with it, but it is not for everyone. If you can afford it, I would buy it. I do think it would be better if you could change the battery. I did just that and I was pretty surprised how good it worked.  and I still have it to this day. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received my unit on a Friday and the day before Christmas. I had been looking for something with an on-board computer to use on the go, and decided to give this unit a try. I am very happy with the purchase. I do wish the unit was a bit larger though. I wish the screen was a little brighter. I can't comment on the overall reliability because I have yet to experience any problems, but so far I am pleased. I think the screen would be better if it was a tad bit larger, but it is still pretty nice for its size. I would like to see it come with a wireless mouse as well.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this to replace a broken phone and it works fine for that.  It works fine in my pocket but not in my purse.  I can't use it in my car because it has a hard case.   I would love to be able to put it in the glove box and take it with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery lasted about two years with occasional use, but when the screen went black, the battery would have been dead long before then. If you want a good battery, this is not it.   I purchased this item for a different device I'm working on and I will be returning this as well.  , it has a great design and does what it says it will. I will not recommend this product to a friend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First of all I would like to thank the person who brought this back to me because I was really disappointed. I bought the first one and it's great, but this one is not the same. First it doesn't work. The first one worked fine, but the second one just died, it was just a small chip. I don't know why they are so cheap, but I'm going to have to replace this one. I also got a warranty on this one but it doesn�t seem to last very long. I will never buy these again.   This review is from: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's terrible and I wish it never came out.  The sound is horrible.   I was hoping to use the unit as a walkman to listen to music and I don't even like music that much anyway.  The unit is very heavy and you have to be careful not to drop it.  I am sure I can use the power supply from my laptop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the USB is a bit too small to be able to fit a full size SD card.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the power button is so small, I have to hold it down on my computer to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The speaker is terrible. It has no bass and doesn't even sound good. I had to replace it with the cheapest speaker in the store, but it's still way too loud for the amount of money you pay. I bought a cheap pair of headphones to replace the defective speaker and it sounds better, but they're only good for listening to music on my phone. So, I have a really crappy device that's not worth $400. I'd recommend going with the cheaper pair if you can, but I still feel like I got ripped off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I love my Samsung smartwatch, but it's getting harder and harder to use it. It's too easy to lose the watch. Also, the battery is a bit old and it dies easily. I would love a better battery life, but I love the watch so much that I'll use it until it dies.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing died on me about a year ago and I am still unable to get it to work. I tried to send it back to them and it was returned to me and never received. I thought that this was a scam because they said that the problem was resolved, but it wasn't. I can't get a call out to a service center that I can reach. I've sent the warranty card and I just haven't gotten a response back. This is the only electronic device that I have ever had to return and I have tried so many times. I really need my money back. I have had my unit for over a year and it has worked perfectly. I just returned my old model to them, the unit was brand new but was a bit under powered. I also sent a service check that they declined, even though I did it in the exact same package as the original order. So after I sent them a bill for return and exchange and they declined. I called and left them a message with a phone number. They called me back and said the new model is ready and I can pick it up at the store. I am in a rush to get my new unit and have had to wait over two weeks for them to get here. I told them I will take the whole $75 to return the unit to them but they just want to make a quick profit. I have had this unit for 3 months and it is not working properly. This item did not arrive until 3 months after I ordered it and it did not even come with the manual for the radio. I will never purchase another from this company again and I will only be ordering from other sellers who will not charge shipping on a return.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst  fisheye  camera I've ever owned. The picture is so much better on my Canon Rebel XS  or my Sony NEX-7. The lens is so cheap, the image quality is terrible. I am looking for a replacement, especially since I bought this camera at a good price. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very good, but very cheap! I used to be a big fan of this fisheyes camera, and I still use it, but this is by far the worst fishemes camera I have ever owned! First off, the camera is very cheap and flimsy. Second, the lens is extremely bad. It's a cheap, plastic lens with a tiny, flimsy plastic mount. It does not focus. The only way to focus is by taking a piece of paper and laying it across the lens. I was so disappointed when I first got it because of the bad lens, but after I got the cheap plastic lens out, I finally got decent photos! I would not recommend this camera, but if you need a cheap fishesh camera, this is the one to get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit was ok, but there were issues with it when I first got it. The buttons would go numb after a while, so you couldn't actually do much. After trying to fix the issue, I ended up taking the unit back to the store and paying for a replacement. They were kind enough to replace the unit but charged me $100. That's just silly. I ended out paying $75 for a defective item. This is why I will only buy this from them. Rated 5 out of 5 by David from Works great I use this on my laptop as a remote for the laptop and it works perfectly. It is very simple to use.  Rated 4 out of 0 by Anonymous from Very good remote control The remote works very well with the iPad. The app can be buggy but you can use the built in keyboard to type your commands.  I use it on my phone and it is very good. I've used a variety of remote controls for my phone. I bought this one for my computer. I find it to be very good and the buttons are easy to find and use. I've used it for many hours without issues. I will definitely be getting a second one. Thanks for the review, David! We're sorry to hear about your iPad problems. We'd like to help you out, so check out our troubleshooting tips and contact us to see if we can help you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst product ever. The screen has a bad contrast, the speaker is a bad speaker. It is a piece of junk. I bought this to use as a video monitor for my home theater. If you want to use this as a tv monitor, then this is a good product but for home theater use, not so much. I am returning it and will not be using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product for a college project. I didn't like the way the keypad worked (it has a very small keypad and I didn t have much space to write a lot of things on it). I tried to make it work but the keypads are very small and difficult to press. The problem is that the screen is very small so it is hard to read the keyboard when typing and even when typing on the screen it is difficult to get a full sentence on it. So if you are looking for a keyboard to use for a project that will take up very little space and won't break the bank, this is a good product, but not a good one for a work computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- It's a great product! I purchased it in late April of 2015, when I bought a used Lenovo Thinkpad laptop. I didn't want to go through the hassle of installing Windows on the laptop again. I had read other reviews about problems with the laptop. They said the battery life is poor, the keyboard can be annoying and the mouse isn't great. I did all that, but the battery didn't last long, so I got a Lenovo Laptop Power Supply, and installed it into the laptop's slot. It worked like a charm. I now have a working laptop, and I am very happy with my purchase. The only issue is the price. The battery is great, but that's the only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. The keyboard is a little annoying, the trackpoint is a bit wobbly, but I'm willing to live with those drawbacks for the good keyboard. I bought this for my son because he wanted to try out Windows, but he's been using Linux all his life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is so annoying when you have to use your phone to take a picture of something. The camera doesn't have the resolution or speed to take good photos. It also takes forever to charge. It is too expensive to be a "good" camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a new tablet in August 2010 and was very excited to use it until the screen cracked in August 2011. I contacted LG support and was told to use a new device and return the old one. I purchased the new device, used the old for a month then replaced it with the new one. The new screen crack. The LG support rep advised me to purchase a replacement and return it. The screen was a problem since day one. LG made it clear that the issue was their fault, and if I didn't buy the replacement, I would have to buy a new one which is way over the top. I don't have any intention of buying another one from LG. My only advice to LG would be to take the blame. That way, I don' t have to waste my money on a new unit when it breaks.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great device if you are looking for a very cheap computer. The only problem is the software. There is no way to customize the operating system and make it a little more user friendly. This computer is for everyone and no one can use it unless they are a computer geek.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "It works, but it is not very good."   "The buttons don't work, it's hard to turn the thing on."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 weeks and the only thing it has is a weak battery that dies in a day. The charger is not very reliable and has a low capacity. I can only get 3 hours of use out of the device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     This item has the "A" on it, it's not perfect but is pretty close to it. It has the ability to send messages, call people and so on. It can be a little loud and annoying but it's very useful. The only thing that bugs me is the fact that you need a micro USB cable to get it working. If you don't already have a micro cable it's really annoying. It's a pretty decent gadget for the price.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: d-b-l
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The only good thing about this product is that it is small and lightweight. It doesn't look good with the white plastic back of the device. But that is just a small price to pay to have a really nice, durable, and functional product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for a couple years now and it is not worth the money. The problem is, when you turn it on, the unit starts up and then the screen goes off and the unit shuts off without saying anything. ive checked the connections and everything is fine, so i assumed its just a bad unit. I even tried to get my friends to try it to see if they can fix it. but theres no light and the units shuts off automatically without any warning.  i dont want to give this a 1 star because it does have a good battery life and it has a good screen, but the problem is it wont shut off without you turning it on. So if you want to use it, do yourself a favor and get the new model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really like this camera. I have had this camera for over a year and have only had to replace the batteries once. I do use it on a tripod to take pictures and I have used it for video production as well. I find the video is a little noisy but I think this is just a quality control problem. I am glad I bought this camera because I would have never used my Canon digital camera if it wasn't for this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned an iphone for over a year and this thing is a huge pain to use. the camera is terrible. you can barely see it and it doesn't even have a zoom function. i have to use my iphones camera when i need to do something like take a pic. this thing sucks and is very difficult to use and very expensive. don't buy this unless you have a cheap iphonest of something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it is not a good device.  The screen is bad.    It is made of a plastic material that does not seem to be very durable and it scratches easily.  The display is only readable if you are very close to the display, if you have any problems like that it is not worth it.  The other issue is that it only has 1 USB port, no SD card slot, no micro USB port (which is really nice for power) and it is difficult to find the SD card adapter for it, and even if you find it you will need to use it with the computer.  Another issue is the battery life.  In one day I had to charge the device for 30 minutes and it had 1/4 charge left.  It would take another 30 minutes to charge it completely.  I am very disappointed with this product and will not be purchasing it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device is terrible.   I bought it to use as my primary home theater computer and for the money, it is amazing.  , but it's not a computer, it's a cheap television that you can only view online and with a remote control. If you want to play PC games and use the internet then this is perfect, if you want your TV to be a computer and not a TV this is not the right TV for you. If the tv was $200 or less this would be a 5 star product.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I liked the idea of being able to "read" my thoughts when I was depressed. The device works really well at a cost of about $20.  If I am in the mood to read or listen to music, it does a great job.  When I bought this I was worried that it would not work.  This is not the case.    The battery works just fine.  I only have a battery charger but it will last me about a month if I am not on it much.  Overall, I think the device is worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my zune for a few months now, and i really like it, but ive read a lot of negative reviews about it being a pain to use. ive only had it for about a month, and ive already experienced many issues, and theres so many things i dont like about the device, ive just purchased a new zune. i will never go back to the zune again, its a huge disappointment. the thing is very bulky and heavy, i can't even take it on and off with one hand because its so bulky.  also i cant really use it with my earbuds, because they get in the way of the buttons.   i really wanted a zune that was lightweight and easy to use, but this is not it. i would rather have a zvone because of the good features, and its a good looking device.  i also have an iphone which is much better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ My iPhone 4S did not work in a few ways. The screen went out of color, the screen door was loose, the speaker was a mess, the volume rocker had a loose connection and was rattling all the time, the camera shutter button would not work, the home button was not working. I bought this because I thought I would like it better than the original iPhone. It did not do better at all.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 26, 2011  Good phone but lacks battery life  by A Customer from Ocala FL USA  Pros: Good phone. The battery life is adequate. The design is good.  to some it may not be the best, but it is a very good phone.  of some people are disappointed.  and I have an android phone, so it makes sense to compare my experiences. I think I bought a defective one, but I still have a lot of fun with it. :)  Cons: The speaker is loud when I want it to be. The button is not backlight, so I can't read it at night. The camera shutter is not very good. The phone screen is a little fuzzy. The case is plastic, and I don't like it. It doesn't stay on the phone very well. The back button does not work at all, and the buttons are mushy. , but overall a good phone  Review: I bought the phone about a month ago and I've been using it for a couple of weeks now. So far I've had no problems with the phone. I love the design and how well the phone holds up to everyday use. The only issue I've encountered so far is the screen. It's been fading after about a week of use. I've gotten some cheap screens that have lasted about the same as this one. This is the first time I've ever had a problem with the screen not being clear. I don the phone every day and I'm sure this is just a fluke. However, I still don't know what to do about it. I just bought another one for my mom.  (was this review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have two of these devices and one of the batteries died. I don't know if the battery was bad or if the device was bad.   So I have a problem with the battery. I have been using these devices for almost 3 months.  I am using the wireless keyboard and the wireless mouse for a very long time and it is getting to the point where the battery life is almost gone.  If you want the wireless experience then get a wireless keyboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the e-book reader for 2 years and it's always crashed on me. i had to take it to the tech support to have them look at it. the guy said he can't do anything with it but i don't see why they would give a faulty product a free upgrade. i paid full price for it, so i guess it's just a bad deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is very unreliable. I have to buy a new charger almost every week.  I can't recommend it to anyone.  Great, but needs a better charging dock:    The battery life is very good.   This is one of the best charging docks I have ever owned.  The USB connection works great and the dock is very small.  It is easy to install.  I would recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a horrible electronic device. The battery has been giving me a dead battery for about a month now and the charger keeps dying as well. I bought it because the features were great, and I bought a few of these and am now on the fence about buying another. I'll be buying a different model of this type of device next.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had the idea of a wireless speaker. I went with the Sonos since they have a nice selection of wireless speakers in different price ranges. I was so excited to get my hands on this one but then realized that it's not even $100 and it's barely any better than the cheaper Sonos. The sound is average. I'm going to try to find a better quality Sonos speaker in the next couple weeks to replace it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* ******************************* ******************* *************** ***** I bought the unit and immediately noticed the problems with the unit. First off the unit has a small issue, where the screen and the buttons are not aligned correctly. This does not affect the use of the unit but it does make it difficult to use. The other problem is that the unit is very flimsy, with very little cushion to the unit when you press the buttons and turn the unit on. My unit is a bit old and the screen was cracked and the button on the right was slightly bent so the unit doesn't work correctly. I would not buy this unit again, but I was very happy with my purchase and am considering buying another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I bought a $200+ phone from B&H and a $100 computer from Best Buy, and I'm still trying to figure out how to get the battery to last longer than about a week. ********  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone a few days ago for the money it was selling for. When I went to use it, the screen is very bad, and I've seen many complaints on various forums. It is not only very bad but the only good thing about it is the battery. The problem is that it has a very long bootup time and after a while of using the phone you can barely use it at all. It's like the phone is giving you a shock. I've been using it all day for 2 weeks now and I'm still very unhappy with it. I'll be moving on from it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen doesn't stay on.   I am really annoyed with this one.  It is not a big problem because the screen stays on and it's a small inconvenience. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love my Dell Studio XPS M1330, but recently the audio has been awful. The headphone jack is very flimsy, and I have to put a very thick piece of foam on the other side of the jack just to make sure it doesn't fall out. The speaker port is also quite weak, and doesn't get loud enough. The mouse and keyboard are great. I'm going to try and return it as I'm not happy with it, but I don't think I'll be getting a replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the "eBook Reader" and was really excited. The packaging was really well done. The screen and the cover were all nice and clean. The e-ink display was very bright, but not very bright at all.   The device itself, though, was really disappointing. The interface was really clunky and confusing to use. The buttons were all placed really close together, and I couldn't find any way to adjust the volume or other controls. I have no idea how you could use this with a proper keyboard. It also had a really annoying "pause" button on the top of the screen, which made the display go really black when I wanted to read something. The display also had some problems when it came to the color. When I looked at the screen in bright light, it was very grainy, almost as if it was using the same kind of E Ink technology as a cellphone.  , it seemed to be much better in my opinion. I read a book on it in a little while and it was pretty great. I do think it's better than the "book reader" which I already had. I don't know if this is a "hacker" device or not, but the "ebook reader" would probably be better than that. I'm not sure if there are any software updates, but I didn't notice any major issues with the device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ This is a great product. ____________ The only thing that was a little annoying was that the charger was made by __________ and they don't have a website so you have to find it _______________. _________________ This is the best battery charger ______________, the battery is so big _________ and it fits inside the charger _______________________. I love it ______________________. The battery life is amazing _________. I will buy another one ____________________. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is that I don't like the fact that they didn't make the charging plug longer so I had to use the USB port ________. ______________________________ I love this battery charger and I hope they keep making it. ________________________________________ I bought this battery and I love the way it works ______________________________________ The battery is really good and the charger is the perfect size __________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My daughter bought this as a gift for her brother who has epilepsy. This was a great purchase. The device is good for the price and the quality is good. However, it takes a long time to turn it on and the batteries will eventually wear out, so it's best to keep it charged. The only downside is that the device is hard to plug into the wall and the battery life is not very good.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mimi from Easy to install and works great I'm very pleased with the product. I was able to install it by myself in less than 20 minutes. The unit looks great in my kitchen. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device is so flimsy and cheap. I have a pair of these and a pair on order from another manufacturer and I can't believe they are so cheap.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this to connect to my car audio system. It works fine, but the connections are not strong. I had to go through two sets of holes to get everything plugged in. I think the plastic casing may have made the connections weaker. It's a good product, but I would not recommend it to anyone else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while, i loved it so much. but the batteries started to give up on me. after 6 months of use i couldnt get them to work anymore. my last battery was bad and was replaced with the same exact one but it started to fail too. i wouldnt trust this product with anything more than 2 months worth of use. i recommend a new battery to fix the problem before you buy a new one, but the first one was fine.  Rated 4 out of 5 by bb from i bought this for my home and it's working well i bought it to connect my tv and sound bar. it is not very bright but i guess it is a good option to have. i use it to turn on my tv but not much else. the only problem i have is that it gets hot very fast and the power cord needs to be re soldered. but i think that is a small price to pay for the quality of the product. i love the tv and the sound bar works well. the price is good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The device does not work well with my Samsung galaxy. The sound is not loud and there is no music playing. I bought it for my daughter who wants to listen to music when she is out.  Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm so glad I bought this because it has a great build quality and I would definitely recommend it.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the screen.  The screen is a little small for me to use at all times, but it's okay.  If you're looking for a great case that doesn't break the bank, this is the one for you.  Posted by Jeff at 5:37 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good looking speaker, but the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I found that the speaker is very loud and doesn't seem to work well in a small space. I bought this speaker with my son to play music while I was at work and the sound quality is great. My son loves it but my wife does not like it.  I'm a big fan of these and my wife and son use them in their rooms. The bass is excellent, but I wish the tweeter was more efficient at keeping up with the bass. It sounds great at a reasonable volume. The only thing I wish was a bit more efficient is the tweofer, the mids are a bit recessed for my taste. Overall, a great product. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second e-cig, the first was an older model that I really liked. I wanted a new one, so I bought this one thinking that I would get something better than a cheaper one. The batteries seem to last longer, but the smoke quality is a lot worse than my other brand of e cigs. The flavor is great, but if you want a good throat hit, this is not for you. I will never buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have an old, but very good, laptop that has been sitting in the closet for years. It's a laptop made by Dell that has had no upgrades, and I've been able to use it as a general purpose computer. It has a small touch screen, a few ports (including a VGA connection) and a large floppy drive (the old style). It's also been very reliable. I don't have much to complain about other than the fact that I've seen the screen flash twice in a few days now, and that's really annoying. I bought this to replace an old (now useless) laptop I've had for a decade or more that I bought used in 2001. The Dell was a lot easier to use, the screen was bright, the floppy drive was working (I have the same model) and the keyboard was good. The last two years I have been using the Dell, but I recently moved to a new computer (an HP laptop) and decided to upgrade. The HP is much better, and the touch screen is nicer, but the laptop is still in great shape. This is the first time I've tried a Dell laptop (I've bought some for friends) and it has been a big upgrade.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this device to replace my broken computer.  The product was easy to install and the instructions were clear and easy to follow.  The product did work and I didn't have to purchase a new computer. I just wanted to say that this product was very easy to use and easy install. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a gf's iphone for 3 years. shes a little nervous about new technology, so this thing has been great. but...it has a really weak speaker. it only works with 2 people. if the speaker goes out, the phone is useless. i dont even want to put it in my car to listen to music anymore. i just wanted a better phone for my girlfriend but i'm very disappointed.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little phone I love this phone. I use it on my ipod and a computer, and it's very easy to use. The sound quality is great and the video is amazing. My only complaints are that the screen is not very bright, and the front camera is a little low quality. I would not recommend this phone unless you are really into making your own phone calls.  The best of all the android phones!  The best phone on the market!!  Great little phone with great value! Great phone. Love the speed and reliability. I have a Sony Ericsson Xperia T and this one is better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************I had my LG BDT-T6P for 2 weeks and I had to replace it as the battery started to stop charging. ************************The battery was still charging after that so I bought a new one and had to return the old one. *************I would like to add that LG has very good customer service. **************I have only had the phone for a month and it is still very good but the battery life is horrible! ******************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************  It's like the original but much cheaper.   The battery is just a little smaller and it has a little more power than the original, so it doesn't use a lot of juice but I can still use it a day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After I received my first computer from a very well known and well respected company I knew that I wanted to order a second one. I ordered one from this site and I have to say that it was a nice experience. The computer came in perfect condition and was ready to go out of the box. I was able to order online and pick it up the next day. The only bad thing I found is that it took a long time to get my computer. I know it was supposed to be a one year warranty but I couldn't get my hands on my computer for a month and a half. If you are looking for a good, reliable computer, look no further. If your a computer enthusiast you will be happy with your purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this as a replacement for my old iPhone 4 and it was not even close. The screen has been scratched so much and the screen protector has been used so much that the case is almost useless. I have the same issue with my old phone, it has been sitting in a drawer for a few years. I can't imagine buying a new phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great idea, and I'm glad I tried it.  The screen is good, and the display is nice.  I wish the batteries lasted a little longer, but I didn't notice that, so I'm still a happy camper.  The only problem I had with the app is that it doesn't give you the option to upload pictures or videos.   I'm sure it's just a software glitch and I'll get it working in no time, but it's disappointing that there isn't a built-in camera option.  I also think this is the cheapest, easiest way to get a decent set of headphones. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a klipsch m7 for a couple years and the sound is pretty good, but the speakers are just ok. when i listen to music at home in the evening it just sounds ok, but i find that i need to crank up the volume on my home stereo and i think this is a good device for a small living room with a stereo.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a smarthome for over a year and i still dont know how to use it! i cant get a good sound out of the speakers on it, and when the speakers are off they make noise and make a lot of annoying noise! i dont understand how a product that is supposed to be a sound system can sound so bad when its on! i really dont know what it is with these guys. i would love to try the audio system from the smarthomes if the speakers didnt make such a horrible noise when they are off! i hope i dont get a bad one because if so i will have to buy a new one!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 2 years. i use it as a monitor for my computer monitor, and i have it set to 60hz. It has been fine. i have the blu ray disc version of the film, and it is a great film. The only problem i have had is the quality of the image is terrible. Its a good looking film, but the images are terrible. i know it has a high resolution, and a good color depth, but that image quality is a disaster. i'm looking to get rid of it and go back to my older tv/monitor. it's also a bit large for my TV, but i still use it for the picture. it would be great if it came with a case, and some kind of stand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  i had a good experience with the mofo but it just doesn't live up to the hype
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If it was made for me, I'd be ecstatic about it.  It has been working very well, but the buttons are hard to find.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this unit was defective after only two months of ownership. The plastic case fell off and the screen and front panel was damaged. The screen is a total mess with multiple scratches and smudges, and I would never buy a new one.  The touch screen was completely unresponsive, and the keyboard is so small I can't even type. I would not recommend this unit at all. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works Great and the best price around I've been using my new MacBook Pro for almost 2 years now, and while it's a good machine it's no where near the best. I purchased a new keyboard case with a keyboard cover and a new MacBook. After trying to fix my old keyboard with some cheapo parts from the local store I found this on line. I was skeptical as I've had some issues with this company, but it works great and the price was great. The only thing that I don't like is the battery that comes with it. It lasts for a while, but then you need to replace it as it only lasts about 6 months or so.  Rated 4 out of5 by Anonymous Customer from Great Buy and a Good Quality Product I bought a new iMac 4K 27-inch in November and the machine was not able to boot up correctly and I had to replace the hard drive, motherboard, CPU, and memory, the screen was cracked, the back panel was bent, the trackpad was very mushy, and there was dust everywhere. So I bought this unit which arrived within a few days, and was not a problem. The system works well and looks great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ After using the Tv-Max2, the Tx-Max1, and now the T-Max, I am disappointed with the quality. The plastic body of the T.V. Max2 has become very brittle. The T.C. Max1 and T.P. Max are much better constructed. The only positive thing I can say about the T Max2 is that it has an on/off switch for the power button. The power button does not work at all. The button doesn't stay depressed after being pressed for more than a few seconds. The other negative thing I have to say is that the batteries are very weak. They last a couple hours but after that, the batteries have to be replaced. I will keep buying the T Series but I will be using my old T Series batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing is a piece of junk.  I bought this for my dad who had just started using a cell phone as a backup. Â The quality of the device is so bad, you can hear the buzzer as it rings, so you know it's working.    The buttons are hard to push, and the back of the phone is so sticky that you can't easily remove it without getting the phone wet and sticky again.  It also seems like the unit is really sensitive to humidity, and when the battery is low it will give you an error message. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an iphone for over a year now and it has become the worst iphono iphones ive ever had. the first one had a problem with the connection on the output jack (which had to be taken out to fix it). the second one had the problem with its output jack. the new one has the same problem as the first. the problem is that the connection is loose and its impossible to put on a sound system without pulling out the jack to get the connection tightened. it is also very difficult to get an output jack to fit properly and has a tendency to crack when you try to plug it in. i bought another iphon and a cd player and they are all very good. so why did i get this one? i dont have the money to replace them. i dont see any other reason to have this one. it was under $100 but i wouldnt recommend this one, ive been using my iphona for over 4 years and its the worst i have ever heard from an ipo iphony.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The keyboard has some weird spacing issues (in that the letters have a different spacing than the symbols). It's fine for typing messages, but I found it quite annoying to be typing in the same direction for longer than a few keystrokes. I'm not sure if this is an issue of the keyboard layout, but this keyboard is a pain to type on. I would recommend trying a different keyboard if you're looking for a good one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: zaphodbricks
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was really looking forward to the new iPhone. I wanted one to replace my HTC, and it finally arrived. But I'm sorry to say that I was not impressed. I got this phone on a contract and I had a hard time getting a good deal on it. I'm also not sure why I got it at a discount if I was just getting a replacement. The battery life is terrible, the speakers don't do anything. The camera sucks. And the software is so... boring. I've been a loyal HTC user since they first came out. I used to love the Droid series, but now I'm just trying to get rid of my iPhone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this product for about 3 months now and i can say its not a good product. When it came in the mail i noticed the usb port was bad, and that there was some weird smell when it came out. The other problem was the charging cable for the phone is very thin and very cheap looking. The charging cable was also really short. When you plug the phone in, the phone will not stay charged. And i really wish that they made a more sturdy version of the charging wire that doesnt short out. I have no problems with the product so far. ive been looking for a phone to replace my iphone 5s and the samsung galaxy s4 is a lot cheaper and i have a lot more features.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "I used it for a few years and the screen has begun to flake and the battery has had about 3 failures, this is the first I have used and it has become the last. I bought this to replace my old LCD TV, and I would highly recommend that you buy a replacement LCD TV that has been properly tested. I had bought a $30 model that had failed in the past, and they do not make them like they used to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the Samsung Galaxy Note 3, which I have never really liked.  It is a nice looking phone, but it lacks any sort of software that makes it feel "smart".  And it does have one major problem:   it is incredibly annoying to use.    When it is charging, I am always looking for a place to plug in my cable.  And even though it is pretty big and has nice metal body, it still makes me constantly tap my thumb against the bottom of the phone.  I don't really like how it feels, but I do like how good it looks.  The Galaxy Note 4 is my favorite phone at the moment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this device to replace my broken iPod and I am very disappointed in the quality and the lack of updates. I love music but it has been a while since I've bought a new one and the last I heard about the iPhone was when it got a little smaller. The quality is just not good at all. The back cover is the same as the previous model but now the metal cover has been replaced with plastic and the speaker is the smallest I have ever heard in an iPod. There is no sound coming out from the speakers or the microphone on this. I will be returning this device and will probably get the iPod 3G and use it with my iPad to get some music back. The only good thing I have to say is that the speaker quality is very nice on the new iPod and the speakers are very small so I am able to hear music even with the cover off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------  The best way to describe this thing is "tremendous". The thing is large, very heavy and very heavy. The battery lasts a very long time but it's very heavy to carry around. The thing does everything you'd expect a digital clock to do, including the time. It's great for people who don't want to be fumbling with the bulky analog clocks. The only thing is that it's a bit on the slow side. The clock isn't as fast as the ones I've used but it does the job. If you're looking for something with the power of a digital but with the portability of an analog, this thing will work for you.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: bestbuy
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Samsung T6 is a great little smartphone that has some pretty cool features. The only problem I have is the way the back and screen are made. The screen and back are both made of plastic which doesn't feel great. Also the battery is too small for a 7" device. I use the tablet a lot and the battery lasts longer than a month. The battery life is a big deal with me because I work a lot. It would be nice to have a better battery with a larger capacity and longer battery life. I am a very happy owner of the T6.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this as a gift for my mom for her birthday and I was expecting something really amazing. However, it did not live up to my expectations. The buttons were hard to push, the display was not bright enough and there were no music controls. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product is not good.   I have purchased other brands but not this one.  It has to be plugged in to work, the buttons and the LED display are very dim, and it is hard to see on a table.  The LED display is bright in the daytime and dim in the night.  I would not recommend this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap toy, and it doesn't really work. When it is on the charger and working, it has no issues. However, when it's not connected to the charger, it can't hold a charge and the device will shut off. I've used mine for a couple of days and I've never had a problem with the battery, however, it's the fact that it can only hold a few hours worth of charge before shutting off. If I were to buy it again, I'd probably just get a cheap, plastic USB charger. I'd definitely recommend getting a good power adapter for it though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I bought this item on the recommendation of another reviewer. I had a bunch of old computer components lying around. The seller told me this was one of the better bargains I'd find. I was wrong. It took me several tries to get it to work. After that I thought it was a good idea to buy it anyway, but the last time I tried to connect it to a computer, it wouldn't work at all. It was really frustrating. I have to say I'm not sure if I'll ever buy another one of these again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace an older computer with the same kind of hardware. The computer is still working well but the old monitor is getting pretty ugly.   The price is really low so you don't really have to worry about getting anything for it.  It's only got 1 USB port so you can't use a laptop or a USB keyboard and mouse. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the iphone 4, iphones 4s, ips, ipods, xto, and the ipad and they all have some issues. the ips is a total joke, ive tried the ipp, ixto, ipad, and iphonest but iphoner is the worst, its hard to use because it doesnt seem to be a real ipod but a phone, it takes forever to charge and has a problem with the power button. the ipod 4 is a good phone, but it cant hold a charge, and you cant even use the bluetooth for anything because it turns itself off, and it has a stupid iphONE logo on the side, and i dont understand why it has to be the ipleague logo but a stupid one at that. also the xbox one doesnt work well, it is hard to charge, takes forever on the charger, has an ipad icon on the power light, and has to have a micro usb cable to charge it, so it doesnt even work on your computer. i bought a ps3 and it works great, ives tried the ps4 but it doesnt work at all. i have a macbook pro and i get the same problem with it, ived tried the ipad but it just doesn't work. and the ipods arent even as good as the ipads. i hate that ipleagues made this ugly phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gd-4 for a year and i have to say its not worth the money at all. ive used a lot of gd's, and the g-3 is the best and the most affordable.    this is a terrible device for the money and you can spend half the price and get a better unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ipod touch for about 3 months now, it just doesnt last long enough. ive tried a few other iphone 5c models and the ipod 5c iphones just dont last long and ive lost them because of this. ike the ipods iphon and the iphonest, ive got it, ike that, i dont like the look of it, but its an amazing iphono player, but i have to keep getting new ones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Not only was this a terrible idea, but the quality of the product was bad as well. The screen is bad, and has a terrible picture. The batteries last way too long, and they're very fragile. This will not work on my tv, and if I don't replace it I'll just replace it with a cheap one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Dell Inspiron 15 5000 that I have had for over 10 years and have had nothing but great reviews. The one thing that bothers me about this Dell is that it does not have an on-screen display. So if you want to use a monitor, you have to connect a second monitor and then plug the Dell into the second monitor. The only way I get anything done is to connect my computer to a display and then connect a monitor to it. I would have preferred a full-sized keyboard and a more useful monitor. If I could get away with one more thing, I would get an on screen display.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I'm trying to keep the peace...   - I'm a little older now and I am still trying to get my old TV working with a PC  - The TV is the most important part of my home, but it doesn't work.  __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I really wanted to love this gadget but, unfortunately, its not up to the job. The screen gets very hot very quickly and the keyboard does not feel good. I don't know if I will be using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to be a backup camera, but I'm really disappointed that the battery life is a joke.  The only time it lasts more than 3 hours is when I'm taking photos of my kids and the sun comes up, but when it's cloudy, it goes to sleep quickly.    If I don't want to use my iPhone, this is the camera for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I have the original LG-W510. It's my go to device for watching movies and TV shows. It is the best thing ever! Last edited by bbjohnson; 06-01-2014 at 02:09 PM.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I was not really looking forward to getting the Sennheiser HD 800. The price is pretty good, and the price of the HD 800 has been rising, so I figured I'd get a deal. But the HD-800 is the worst piece of crap I have ever bought. I've had the original version, the HD 880, and even the HD 900 and they all sound fantastic. I love the HD800, but when I listen to my old CD player, I know it's no good. The sound is muffled, the bass is lacking, and there is too much noise. The HD 800 will sound great in a big room, but the sound is terrible in a small one. I had to spend over $400 for a pair of HD 800's to get rid of the sound. The bass and treble are not what I was hoping for. If you have a big enough room, the SEL line of headphones will sound better. But if you're looking for a cheap pair of headphones, these are definitely not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The original Dell PowerMac G4 Cube 2.5 is still my favorite of all the PowerMacs I've owned. I use it as my main work computer, and it still manages to be a reasonably fast machine even at this day. If you're looking for an all-around work computer that is good enough for a variety of work, I would suggest the G4 G5. The G4 is still a good machine, and I still love it to death. I've had to upgrade the processor, but the G5 is definitely an upgrade over the G3, and the G6 is a great upgrade from the G2. But, as I said, if you are in the market for a new computer, I'd suggest the newer G5 or G6. The problem is the G7 Cube. The cube is so bad that I have a hard time even recommending it. The Cube is really a poor-man's Mac Pro. The Mac Pro is a machine that can do most things that the Cube can do. It's better for graphics, and for editing, and that's it. It will be fine for games. But if you're using the Cube to work, you are not using the Mac Pro as a work machine. You're using a PC, and if you want that sort of PC you're better off with a PC. And the Mac is a good PC, it's just not a Mac for people like me who want to use it for work. This review is based on a retail unit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is pathetic, and the camera is really bad, so you're better off using a tablet or a smartphone to take pictures. I've been using a Canon 7D Mark II, and even with the 7D II's huge, heavy, and expensive sensor, the 7Ds is much better. The 7Ds' auto focus is also much better than the Canon's, and its video is better than my Canon's too. The Canon 7Ds's battery life (and the 7X's) is pathetic.  This camera is no where near the quality of the 5D or the 5Ds, it's just a cheap, plastic camera.  Canon EOS 7D, 5D Mark III, and 5Ds (left to right)  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have used this for over a year and love it! But I bought it and found that the "battery" on mine is a fake! So I replaced it with a fake, but now I can't use it anymore because it's impossible to charge it! I don't know what to do anymore... I'm going to try to contact the manufacturer and see if I can get a refund on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The only problem I have is that the battery on my iMac is the same as a car battery. It runs about 5 hours on a full charge. If you have to charge a battery, buy a charger that can charge both the battery and the battery charger. ___________ I got my iphone 2s today. _____ I bought a iphones because they have great sound and they have a bigger screen and they also came with a case. __________________ I had to replace my ipod after 2 years. ____ I have been using my ips from the very beginning. ______________________________________________________________  From: David S.  I have used my iPod since I got it in 2008. I have used it for school, music, movies, and the most of my life. I love the design and feel of the device. I just love how it fits in my pocket, the size, the sound quality. It just makes me happy to use it. I'm just waiting for my iPod Touch, it is almost as good as the original.  of course the only issue is that Apple doesn't do anything to protect their products. ____________________________ The iPod Touch is just as good if not better than the original iphon. _________________________________________________________________________________  i have had my ipod for a year now and love it. It is a great size for my wrist and my pocket and i use it for music, games and videos. ive had it for a while and love the size and design. Â ive also bought a few different chargers for it but still not satisfied. i wish the battery would last as long as mine _____________________________ The iphono is one of the best portable music players ever made ______________________________ ive been using the iphto for about a year and a half now and it is the best thing to have come out in the last few years. i also like that it has a case and is durable. ~~ ______________________ i used my ipad for about 7 months before the battery died on me, and now its time to get a new one. i love my ipods and they last a long time. -------------------------- I got mine in 2009, and since then I use it everyday. It's a great product, and you can tell that Apple really thought about the needs of the person who would buy it.  ___________________________ I have bought a lot
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- My son is 15 years old. He's been a tech for the last 4 years, and he's been very satisfied with the phone. The camera is pretty good. The call quality is good, and I'm not worried about any "bangs" when he speaks. However, the video quality is the worst out of all the phones I've used. If the quality is so poor, why does he have the most expensive phone of all his friends? Why do they all have good cameras? I have the LG G3 and the iPhone 5s. I'm hoping they can fix this problem, but I don't know if it will be possible. I hope they make the camera better in the future!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I was really looking forward to this review because I really like my new laptop. It's so smooth and easy to use. I'm going to buy another one. The only problem is the battery. The charger I got is a bit small for the battery and the batteries last so long I have to charge them every few days. This is not a big deal for me, but for a lot of people this could be a big problem. I can't speak for all people, but if I was going to spend a lot on a computer I'd want it to last a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This thing will fail, the plastic case is very flimsy, and there is no way it will last more than a couple of years. ______________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am extremely disappointed with this purchase. I purchased this to use on my computer and my phone. The sound quality is great. The USB port on the phone charger is terrible. It works fine with the phone charging but the sound from the phone is so bad I have to use headphones. I was hoping that this would be a simple solution to this problem. I have been waiting for a great battery life battery for my phone and this is not it. I will never purchase this item again.    Best battery for the price By James G. on 03/26/2016 James G Product Rating: 5 You get what you pay for. This is one of the best battery for this price. I can get 3 hours of battery life. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using this unit for two months. I've been a long time Mac user and have been looking for a USB hub with the port for a printer.   The unit works great.  I use it as a backup to my home router and my main router is a Dell XPS 8700.  The only problem is that I have to keep the printer plugged in during use.  It's just not an option to use the hub as a wireless printer if you are a power user.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I really like my new iPod Touch (3rd gen). I have only used it a few times, but I'm so impressed with it. I just put it in my car for the first time and went to my house. I plugged in the iPod, and it booted up. It played my iTunes library right from the first song, and then I had a hard time figuring out how to get my iPod to show the music list. It took me a few minutes, but eventually I found the right way. I then went to the Internet, and lo and behold, I found my album on the radio. It was a great experience. But the problem is the battery. It just dies. When I plugged it in to charge it, it just died again. I really have to use my phone. I have used it to listen to music for the last month, and now it's time to use it to play music on my car. I'm not going to go to the expense of a new battery just to have my iPod die. So, if you're going to buy this iPod, get a backup battery for it. But, if I can't afford a new one, then this iPod is the best I've ever had.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I bought this in April for a friend that I'm helping out at a job. I have a couple of computers and this was by far the best one. The only problem is that it doesn't have a memory slot and I don't use my computer as a phone. I also bought the memory card holder and that didn't work as well. It only held the memory and it wouldn't slide in. So I would say this would be perfect if you have a phone and need a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a few and they have all been junk. i bought this because it was cheap and the battery lasted a good amount of time but after 3 weeks the light on it dies. this is the second one. i will only buy from this company again. i would give it a 3.5 out of 5. i can not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is not very clear. It's clear enough that you can read, but it's a little blurry. The speaker is decent, but not great. It will get the job done, but can get quite loud. The buttons are not very responsive, but that's expected with a touch screen. The battery life is mediocre. The screen goes off a few times and doesn't seem to be charging properly. The charger is okay, but I don't think you will get any battery life out of it. It takes about 3-4 hours to charge a full charge. The charging cable is fine, but there is no headphone output. I'd like a headphone output, but the included headphone cable is terrible. The microphone is okay. The only problem I had with the device is the fact that it has two USB ports, which makes it incompatible with USB powered external storage devices.  Battery life is good, but don't expect much battery life with this device. The device seems very large and heavy.  The screen seems pretty bright, but is still not very bright.  I can't seem the charger to charge the battery at all.  Overall, I don the XO ONE a very good device, but with a lot of issues.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this device because I love the original Sony Walkman, and this is even more like that original! The sound quality is better, the battery life is better... all of these things are a lot better than the original. This is my second Walkman since the first one I had broke, so I can say that I am VERY happy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I was looking for a small wireless remote control for my remote control, I needed one with battery backup. I tried the one that came with my tv. The remote is very light weight, but I had a hard time getting it to work properly. The power button is very close to the remote, but the buttons don't function as they should. The buttons are a little stiff, and there is a slight delay when the light flashes on and off. It's not a deal breaker, but it could be a lot better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only positive thing I can say about this device is that it can easily get rid of a bunch of crap. I bought it to replace a couple of other "smart" toys (not even smart). The only thing that made me not use it was the price. The "smartness" of this toy is only there for it to be a remote control and not an actual toy. I can't imagine the amount of time and effort it would take to actually program this to turn the lights on/off, etc. It's definitely not worth the money.  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: Very good product! April 6, 2016 Reviewer: James from Houston, TX This is a great product! It has everything I wanted: light, vibration, and buttons. I'm very happy with this purchase!  2 of 2 people found this review helpful. February 22, 2016 Customer service rating: Quality Product September 22, 2015 Reviewer : Joe from Chicago, IL Very easy to use, I was very pleased. This is the best product I have purchased in a long time! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a month now and it doesnt work... it only has a 3.3v input... my phone has a 2.8v input so the battery life is horrible.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Bill from I bought this to replace a old computer monitor that had no display at all. This was a no-brainer for me. The screen is beautiful, but the image quality is not as good as the computer monitor. There is no color depth, so colors are washed out. The computer monitor has a much wider color gamut and better picture quality. It does not have HDMI input so you must connect your own monitor to your HDTV. Overall, it is great for a desk or monitor stand that will work with your computer. I had a similar computer monitor stand for many years but the price was so high that I couldn't justify buying it. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for a year or so now and i dont understand how a device like this is still being sold on the net. the sound is not what it should be and the touch screen is very hard to use. i have had it for a while and have had to put it down at least 5 times due to it breaking down and itnt working the way it should. i wish i could give it zero stars. it doesnt work like it should and its a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this iphone for over 2 years now and it has been broken and replaced 3 times. it was a very good iphon but after 2 years it finally fell apart and was broken. i thought i had made a great purchase but theres no other word to describe this iapp. i hope the new iphono is better.  Style of Music: Pop/Rock, Rock, Blues, Classic Rock, Folk, Country, Blues/Rock
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month and its still a complete and total failure. it never works right, and the touch screen is a total fail. i paid $300 to get this. i am going to throw it away.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I don't know about the rest of the world, but I think I prefer my music in the form of my own voice!"   "Don't mess with my computer!"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and still cant get the sound out of it. I have a good pair of headphones but still cant hear the music well with it on. it is worth the money but i wouldnt buy it again unless the sound quality was much better.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Sd from Best Sound ever I bought this device to replace my Sony PCM7. The sound is so clear, even through my home stereo. I use this with my ipod/iTunes. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My first purchase from here, and I am very satisfied with my purchase. It is easy to use, and the quality is very good. My only problem is that the battery does not last long enough for me. The other reviewers have had no problems with their batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is great! I love my iphone 6s. I can do my phone calls, listen to music, and play games on the go with ease. But the iphones are not always the most beautiful. This one is much better. The screen is bright and the camera is excellent. The only issue is the battery. I only have to charge it once a month. But overall this is a good device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've been using this device for a few weeks now. I have been using my laptop as a "workstation" to test this device and the quality is not as good as i expected it to be. There's no sound coming out of the unit and the LED indicator lights on the side are not as bright as i would like.   If you want a device that is going to allow you to connect to the internet over your home network and you want to be able to connect multiple devices in your home, this is a good device.   "  -- Mike F.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- When I bought this keyboard I thought I was going to like it. I thought it would be fun to use and the keys were backlit. Unfortunately, that is not the case. I have had my laptop for a few months now and I have found the keys are very hard to press. The only reason I bought it is because I was looking for a replacement for my laptop and I am extremely disappointed in this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- It was a great device until it stopped working. It was replaced by a Samsung Galaxy S4. It works great for the most part, but there are just too many issues. It gets too hot to hold and there is no auto shut off feature. I have to turn it off manually every time I go to sleep. There is a small red light that stays on and I have no idea why it stays on. I've had this for over 2 years and it is still a pain to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is hard to use the device with a single hand as I have to hold the phone to the side to get it to rotate, it is very awkward to use and the camera quality is not the best.  This is a bad product for sure, but I really wish they would develop a camera that works better for a phone, but this will not do it for me. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product I was looking for a better way to record videos on my smartphone. I used the old method and it was a little messy but this works great for the price. You can easily take photos and videos of what you want.  Rated 1 out of 1 by Anonymous From Bad Camera This camera has been terrible for me so far. It takes a lot of time to setup, setup, and setup for the camera. After all of this it just gets bad and it doesn't even have a flash! If I could give it 1 star I would.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This is my third purchase of this product. The first time, I had to wait for 2 weeks before I could use it because I wanted to get a better look at the screen. This time, it was the exact same thing: I had the device for less than a week and then it went bad. I have tried a lot of products and have only had one failure so far with this device. If you have the money, get the better quality version (the one with the better build quality) because I have been disappointed with the cheap version.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Cray from Excellent product. I just purchased the second one. I'm very happy with the performance of this device and have recommended it to a few other people who are having trouble with their computers. It's easy to use, no maintenance required and it's a great price.  the best ive used i dont know why people have trouble with the one i got ive had mine for over 3 years  Good product, but be prepared for the shipping time The device works perfectly as advertised. It does a good job of detecting mouse movements and it is easy to set up and use. The only thing I would add is that it was shipped by the mail in a box, and took about a week to arrive. I would definitely recommend this product and would buy again. ,  My review: I was looking for a cheap and easy way to detect mouse movements. I got the Voodoo 3 here and it works as advertised and the price was great. I've used it with a mouse, keyboard and the keyboard on my windows 8 tablet. It is a good way to do this. The downside is that the unit I received is a bit damaged in the packaging. There was a piece of plastic falling off the side and the power button was damaged in some way. I hope the unit was just a fluke and not a defect. Other than that, the unit works as described. I wish I had bought the other model.  I use this to detect cursor movements with my keyboard on a laptop and it has worked great. Very easy to install, works flawlessly and I have not had any problems with it. I was very pleased with the price and the quality of this item.  and works flawily. I recommend this device to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am in love with the design and the build quality of this product.   The only issue I had was the battery, it was way too weak.  I could have used my phone charger instead.  This is a great design, however it is not worth the $$$. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's just a really nice product, and a really good price. I just wish I could change the settings and change the input to something that is actually usable. I'm sure it's not that hard, but the default input for it is the same as the old iMate, which means it will still work, but not at the same level of functionality.   The one big thing I can't stand about it is that the charger port is on the back, which is annoying to have to reach in to charge. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a lot of electronic devices in my life and the only one that i have found to be able to work properly is the original ipod nano. the audio quality is not great and i cant even use it in my car. i bought a new one because i was getting a headache after playing music on the ipod. i have a good ear and i am going to buy another ipod because it works and the sound quality is amazing. but if you have a cheap ipod that doesnt work you cant be happy. i hate to give it zero stars but i cant really use it anyway. i was hoping to get the new ipod with bluetooth but thats been discontinued. so i got the original because it is a great device and i dont have to worry about the battery being dead any time soon.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have been a loyal customer of this product for many years. I use it for my iPod, and I've had a lot of trouble with the screen not being backlit. It's a nice screen but I just don't want to be limited to one type of light. I bought the "Light" version of this, but when I got it, the "Lights" version didn't work for me. I tried both of them and they don't work together. So I just purchased a "LIGHT" version that works. The lighted screen is nice, but the other two don't. I will be replacing both of these screens and probably getting the "G" version for my iPad.  by Mark W. on 08/05/2012 byon 08/06/2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** The best thing about this purchase is the price. I was not going to buy this as I'm not a fan of the "brushed" look and feel of the Samsungs, but after I saw how good this was for the price, I decided to give it a shot. This is the first computer I've owned and I really enjoyed it. The only issue I had was that the power button on the back side of the keyboard is not very close to the button on top. The other thing is that the screen is a little large for my taste, but it's great for working. The keyboard is pretty quiet. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product! Very pleased with the computer! It is very easy to use and very good performance for the money!  Review of DJI Inspire 1 Black Edition: I really like the product and it comes with a ton of accessories which you can buy separately. This was my first time buying a drone but the flight times are really great and very controllable. I would definitely recommend this product and will definitely be ordering from you again!  the one and only thing i would have liked to have seen was a better option on the USB cable. It is a bit too short. It's not a deal breaker but I would like a longer cable so I could use the transmitter with an extension cable. I think this is the only thing the product has to be criticized on. I have had my drone for a month and it's performing great.    Review: I have been flying this for 2 weeks now and i love it. the battery life is amazing and i use it for filming and videos.  at first I was skeptical about this but after flying it a few times and getting a good feel of it, I am very pleased with it. I love the size and the video quality is great.   I really recommend this to anyone looking for a good beginner drone and the price is unbeatable  DJI Inspiration 1 Black Limited Edition Review: The DJI Mavic Pro and Inspire 2 are great drones and they are not the cheapest but the DJI Black Edition is just fantastic. It looks awesome and flies super smooth. I'm glad I purchased the DJIMO Black Edition because I'll be flying it more often now that I own it.  "I love my Inspire1 and 2 Black Edition
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I had a Pyle X5D and now I have a PX-7. The X5 was a decent camera but the PX is better.  -Dylan G.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this unit to use as a portable DVD player. I needed a portable device that was very light, and had a good quality of sound. This unit is a great choice. It is a good size, and very portable. The unit is very quiet when it is running. It has a good speaker. It also has a large display. Overall, I am very pleased with this unit.  Good product but...  by Thomas on 08/10/2014 byon 08/ of/2014 " I got this unit with a 2 channel mixer. I was expecting a portable unit, but was very disappointed. I'm not sure if this unit was defective or what, but when I turned it on, I found that it was using my phone as a wireless transmitter for my 2 channel mixers. So, I have to use both mixers at the same time and it sounds terrible. It will not work with my 2 mixers, because the wireless signal was interfering. I'll be returning this. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these i have tried for a couple years now and theres been no good reason why i should use these anymore i have read about all the good reviews but this thing just doesnt work for me it has been a great device for my older son who loves it but its just not the same as the newer ones i have had in the past i wish i had bought the first generation of this thing a long time ago i am so disappointed in this product as a person who loves music i would have been much happier if this company would just make it work for a decent price as it is it really is a waste of money ive paid way too much for cheap electronics and this is just an absolute joke ive wasted my money!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by kjb7 from Awesome I have been using this device for years and never had an issue with it. I like the sound quality of the device and the battery life is long enough to be useful. I just wish it would charge faster than the older version which would make it more usable.  Great Product and I love the way it works Great product. I have had it for years now. The way it can sync with my ipod or my ipad is awesome. I am using this with my son who is 7. Love it. It is a nice portable music player. ,  Thanks for the review! I'm a little disappointed in the new iPods and IPhones that I have purchased over the last few years. These new iPodes have a terrible audio quality. I can't even listen to music on them. They sound like they have no audio. I've tried to fix it but the problem is the same: It just doesn't sync. So, I decided to give the Musicbox 5 a try. This thing is amazing! It's so easy to use, it charges up in minutes, it plays music right out of the box, and the best part is that it works on every iPod, iPhone, and even on my computer. It even works on my Mac! I just got the Music Box 5 and I absolutely love it! I use it with my iPad and my iPhone and I can barely tell the difference between them. I'm just glad I finally found a great product.  to make sure it doesn't overheat (which happens on all the iPods I've purchased over this time), I turn the iPod or iPhone off. Then,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the mavic 2 for over a year now, and ive tried everything in the store to get it to work. so i was happy to hear that the m1 came out of the box with no problems and im very happy. if you dont have the mv 1 or the mava 1, you should just wait for the m2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a sony vivi for several years and it is great at what it does, however, the buttons are so flimsy that you can accidentally hit them and accidentally shut it off. If you don't want to pay $300 for a better device, go for the viviomax1. The vivia and vivimax are more of the same. They are a good product if you're just getting started and are looking for a starter radio. You can't go wrong with either one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- - If your device is having problems (jittering, slow or freeze up, or the screen doesn't respond to your touch, etc.) then you should get a new one. This is a really good computer, I can see no reason to replace it - but I have not been able to get a decent screen resolution from my Asus one, I am using a HP laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this unit to use in my home office as a PC/Laptop replacement. It is just like the original Apple computer and looks the same as well. I had no problems with it at all. The only issue I had was the power supply is a little weak and the cable is not the most durable. The problem has been resolved but it is worth the extra $20 to get a better one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device is very cheap, very thin, very fragile. I bought a cheap, plastic iPod shuffle. I have a   bad   sound system, so this   iPod   is   very   noisy. I will probably return it and go with a  Sony   XC700   or   Sony Playstation 4.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two  (one  and one  )  smart phones  each running iOS 5.  They  both have GPS and have the same software (iTunes).  The GPS on the  iPad is more accurate than the    GPS  on the iphone.   The  phone does not have GPS on it.  The GPS   is better on   the  iPhone    than   it is on  iPhone.  When   the   iPhone runs out of battery   (it will be out of power   when you turn off the phone)   You can   charge it   with   USB.    It   does   not   have   a   charger   It   is   very   expensive   If you like   to   take   pictures   of   nature   I recommend   this   device  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device is okay, but not for me. The keypad is the same as a phone keypad. The only good thing is that the screen is bright enough for reading on. I wish it was a bit brighter and had a smaller keypad though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for this item for a long time, its finally here... i bought this for my husband who is a car guy. He has a car with bluetooth, but not a usb key fob. this is perfect. you dont have to deal with the extra hassle of using bluetooth with your car keys. its also a little bit smaller than the fob, and the battery life is decent. also it comes with two batteries (so you can plug it in at home and still have it at work) but if you dont need bluetooth for your car, you can just use the key fobs. but im a little worried that it wont be strong enough to get through all the buttons in the car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got this for my son for his birthday. It was well made, but I'm sure it was assembled with cheap parts, because I had to go and buy a whole new battery to get it to work.   So, I have the same problem. I bought this because I like the idea of a camera that I can use with a phone. However, after about 2 months, the battery died. I had it set to record video and it worked fine. Then the battery started to get low. I tried everything. I replaced the battery with a brand new one, I replaced a switch on the back of the camera with a replacement switch. I even tried turning the light on and off. Nothing worked. I'm so confused why my camera doesn't work. It doesn't show when I turn on the light. I have to turn the light off every time I want to use it. I've contacted the company about this. They are no help. I hope that one of the good reviews I have read will get them to fix it.  - Mike   I bought this to record some of my camping trips. The battery was not going to last long, so I ordered a new one. Unfortunately, the new battery was defective and the battery lasted about 2-3 months. So I bought the replacement and it lasted about 4 months. The light is bright and is great for taking photos. I would recommend it for someone looking for a camera with the capability of video recording.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have owned this device for about a year now. I was told that I needed a replacement battery because I have the same issue with my iphone. This battery is so cheap and it lasts less then half a year. I am looking for a different battery to replace the one that is so cheaply made. This is a poor choice of battery for the money. I will be looking for something better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace a broken iPhone 5c, and I was not disappointed.   The device is well built, and the buttons are a nice touch.  The camera app is pretty good, with good quality pictures and video, though the auto-focus isn't as good as my old one.  There is a button on the front of the device that allows you to select a different color for the back light.  I found that the back lit function worked better than the front.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works great I was looking for a new back up phone, but I was very impressed with this one, especially the fact that it is a smaller and lighter device. It also comes with a back case, which is a nice addition. The only thing I did not like was that the app does not auto-lock the phone, so I have to keep it in my pocket to prevent it from going to sleep. I hope Apple releases an app that does this. The device also comes in a nice design case that I purchased, so that's a bonus as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first thing i've ever used on my own, and i'm disappointed, not only in the hardware, but the software is also horrible. I have the 32GB version. I was using it a while ago, but then the SD card stopped working, and I had to buy a new one, so i didn't use it anymore. This time, after a week of use, the same thing happened, and now i can't find a way to get my files onto it, so its back to the old computer i was using before i upgraded to the 64GB version (a Dell). I think i've gotten a lemon, but there are so many great programs out there. I would just stay away from this. Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had this laptop for almost a year and it is still not running like new. I have had several other laptops and all have been far better. This is a great computer but I'm sure it will not last much longer. It is not a very good looking laptop. The design is pretty good, but I wish it was bigger and lighter. I do like the track pad but it is hard to use the one on my Dell. It would be nice if the backlight was a bit brighter. This laptop has a great feature, but if I ever needed to print something I would have to use a laser printer. It also has a good keyboard and mouse but I would like to have a wireless mouse and keyboard option so I can connect to my printer. I also have a problem with the speakers and the sound is not very loud. The screen is not bright enough for my liking. It does not have the touch screen option, but for what it is you do get a lot for the money. Overall, I would recommend this computer to anyone that has a need for a computer but is not interested in the highest end specs.  Style of this product: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been looking for an app for a long time. But, until now I didn't have a problem with it. I was using this on my phone, but now I'm using it on my tv. The only thing that's missing is the remote to control it. It's a good device, but it would be better if the remote was included.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, July 27, 2014  Good but not perfect  by RONNIE from PINE VALLEY CA USA  Review: Good. But the remote is NOT included. I had to purchase it from another company for about $20.00.  the remote for the tv works well.  I like the screen. I wish it would show more details. I would not buy this again  My husband was also very happy with this product and he has two other devices that work very well. One works fine. The other is very noisy when used in the bedroom. I am very disappointed with this purchase. I have other products from another brand that work well. I can't use them because the remote control for my tv doesn't work well with my tv's remote. I just wanted to tell you that I would buy the product again but the remote needs to be included. Thanks   Was this Review helpful to you the first time? Yes Yes Wednesday, July 23, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's not a bad device in and of itself. It's a good device that does what it's supposed to do. It has a good feature set, and the microphone works well for voice communication. The only problem is that it doesn't work with the camera. I have a Canon EOS 1D X and I've used it with my Nikon D7100 DSLR camera. The microphone on the Sony SRS-100 is way too sensitive for the camera's internal microphone. It picks up everything that comes through the camera (which is why you use a camera with an internal mic), and it makes the camera sound like it's on speakerphone. It works fine with my DSLR and the mic is still working, but the SRS microphone picks up every little sound that comes out of the camera, and it's really annoying. It also picks up the shutter and power button noise, so it doesn`t work with cameras that don`t have shutter sound or power buttons. If you have a DSLR with a good microphone and a good camera, this is a good product, but if you have either of these two things, it's not worth the extra money. I wouldn`t recommend it for video, and if you're looking for a good video camera with a microphone, get a DSLRON. I would not recommend it if you want a wireless video camera that will work with any video camera or smartphone.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have a new MacBook Pro and am having a problem. The battery life is great and the screen is fantastic. But I have noticed that the touchpad and touch-sensitive screen on the laptop are broken. I think I just got a defective machine. I have sent it back but I don't know if Apple will honor the warranty. I will try a different computer.  Good but....:  I bought a new Apple MacBook Pro in May 2012 and it worked flawlessly until about January when I lost the touch screen. Then the screen would not work and the battery was dying. Since then I have used the laptop on my computer monitor to play music. I haven't tried to use it for anything else because I'm afraid it is not going to work. I'm glad I have another MacBook Pro so I can use the MacBook Pro with my HDTV as my work computer. But if I have to buy a new computer I will be returning this one.  in the end:  Good laptop, but the touch pad is broken. Not very happy. I did notice the keyboard has the arrow keys. I hope they will have an update to this product soon. I am hoping to have it repaired.  the keyboard is nice, but for $1000 dollars I expected a touchpad to work, I guess that's my problem. : Good laptop. Good screen, and the keyboard works fine. But the touch-pad is missing! I really want a touch pad for my MacBook, but if you really want one I'm not sure how to tell you about it. I also like the extra storage space, but it is only a 256gb SSD. I do like the fact that there is a Thunderbolt 3 port. And I also love that the USB-C port is a port that works with a mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to replace an old computer monitor. I was concerned about the screen tearing. I had read that the screen was fine, and was just fine for watching videos. I've tried to watch YouTube videos and it is so bad that I get a headache just looking at it. I have to turn off the video and use the computer to read the instructions, and the pictures are blurry. The monitor is not even worth the price I paid for it. If you have the money, get a cheaper monitor. It will not last long, and you'll be sorry.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The main problem I had with this unit is the fact that it's just too small to be useful. I've been using it for a few months now and I'm already running out of batteries.   If you want a tiny keyboard that can double as a mouse, this is the one for you. I would buy it again but it would probably be a little more expensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought this on a whim because I thought it was a great idea, and I was not disappointed. It worked well for the first two weeks, but the last two weeks have been very slow. I have the same issue with my iPhone 5S (a replacement phone, but I think that's the same model). I think I'm going to have to go back to the 3G model. The device seems to be very sensitive to the signal strength, so I usually use the wi-fi to check the signal every morning. If I have a strong signal, I'll use a data plan, but if I have no signal, the device does not turn on, and it does not go into standby mode. It's also very slow, it takes about a half an hour for the wi fi to get a signal, and another half hour to actually start working. I'm looking at my phone battery for signs of life and it's only been about 6 hours. It seems to have a weak battery, but since the battery is the only thing that is not removable, I'm not too worried about it dying. It is a great device, but it seems to need a new battery if it's going to last long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an all-around good product. It is the same quality as the other Sony products I have purchased. If you're looking for a good digital camera, this is the one to get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for over a year and I really enjoy the phone. the battery life is great and it is easy to use. I like the ability to have 2 sims so I can have both of my phones and use the google voice app to get texts. I also like that there is a memory card slot so you can add more sims to the phone for when the phone is in your pocket. Overall this is a good phone, I would buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keypad is so small and so hard to use. It takes a long time to get anything done because you need to press down on the key to get to the next option. I was hoping to use this as a mobile phone for my husband so that he could take calls. However, when I plugged it into a wall outlet, I couldn't use it at all. It would not charge. I bought this to use as a computer keyboard for my computer. It is so tiny and the keyboard is not comfortable. I have had it for about a month and my computer is not able to recognize it and it does not work at all so I am forced to use my other computer. I would not recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good, small keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year now, and theres been nothing but problems. the usb port wouldnt charge at all. the screen had to be replaced twice, and then the battery was almost dead. and the only thing that worked was the mic. when i bought it i didnt know that this was an upgrade to the original samsung usb, but now its just a waste of money. i would give it zero stars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now. i purchased it for my brother who has a pacman, and the controls arent great. i bought the bluetooth one that has a usb input and a mini usb input. i use it to stream youtube, and its good. i have the blu ray one and it works pretty good. but the controls work ok for youtube and music. but for games, the controls dont work, and they make a clicking noise every time you change anything. i tried a blu ray remote, but that was way too much hassle, and i have to turn the tv on and off every time i want to change the channel. i would not buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and theres still no battery life on it. this is why i think you need to go to a better brand if you want a decent product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The original Xbox One controller does not have a face button. I thought I could control it with the touch pad and other buttons but it is not possible to press the face button on the controller.  It is also not possible for me to use the touch pads to move my character.  A friend said to me that it is a good game and the first one that is available.   The graphics are ok but it can be better with the use of more detailed graphics.  The music is also good but not perfect. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The best device I have used is the ZX-10 I used to work on a TV show. I still have that unit and am very happy with it. I would not recommend this unit for use on a project unless you have an extremely good audio system. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great, affordable monitor! I've always had a need for a good monitor but was never able to justify the cost. I was a little hesitant about buying a $100 monitor because of the cost, but it's well worth the money. The only thing I wish was different is the stand. It is way too tall and hard to adjust. I'm a bit concerned that it may break over time, but I have no concerns about the sound quality.  Rated 4 out of five by Anonymous Person from A Great Monitor At this price range, the sound is very good and not muddy. It does not have a headphone jack, so you will need a 3.5mm to HDMI adapter to plug in your headphones. This is a very compact monitor and is very well built.  a must have for any studio, and is a great price. . ,  You get what you pay for, and the Zx10 is a nice enough monitor at a very reasonable price. The stand can be adjusted in height and length. The sound is nice and clear, and it can fit well on my desk. I think it's a good value for the money, but you'll have to live with the stand, because it is too tall. You can't put it on your monitor stand without the stand itself. You can't get a better deal for the amount of sound you get.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I have two of these in my collection and I love them! I use them on my computer, and my iPad, but also use them for my laptop to charge the batteries and for a spare battery. They charge quickly, and they don't get hot when plugged in, which I appreciate. However, the battery life is pretty short. I've been using these for over a month now, and I still haven't gotten to 100%.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my moto z for almost 2 years now and ive been using it every day and it has always been a pain in the butt to use. Ive had my z since the day it was released, ive used it almost every day since then. the only reason i still have it is because it's the cheapest ive seen on the market. the screen isnt bad, but it has a really bad glare to it and ively seen a lot of people complaining about this. the battery life is great but the speaker isnt very loud and ivenew the time you wont be able to hear it. i will say that i love my mx though, iven this ive finally found a phone i actually enjoy using.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the P3 for my son's 3rd birthday.  He absolutely loved the device and was super excited about it, but unfortunately the battery lasted all of one day. ___________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I purchased a Garmin Fenix watch about 6 months ago and have loved it. The watch has been very reliable and accurate and it's been very nice to have the watch's battery back after the Garmin had to be replaced about a month ago. But the Fenix's battery seems to have stopped working on it's own about two weeks ago, which is about the same time that I had to have it replaced. The only way to get it working again is to completely disassemble the watch, remove the watch battery and replace it with a brand new one. This would cost $60+ if I purchased one new, which I don't feel like doing. So I am going to have to deal with the fact that I will have to pay for a brand-new watch in order to get the battery to work again. That's not cheap, but I can live with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and have only had the first couple of months and they were great. now they stop working, the light goes out and the screen isnt working. this was after having to pay the phone company $50 to fix it. I will not be buying anymore. ive got my money back and it was the cheapest at my local store. I have had other things that worked and this was just a bad one. i am so sad to see these go, this is what my money was going to be spent on.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Product, but poor service! I bought this as a backup for my main laptop and was impressed. I just received it today and tried to connect to it and the connection just came up as a failure. I've tried different cables and adapters to no avail. I'm sure I have it plugged in correctly, but I just cannot connect to the internet to send or receive anything. I guess my laptop is really bad. I'll just have to get a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ - You can't change the size of the screen, the button layout is all wrong, the battery life is awful, the volume control is so much easier to use with the volume rocker, the touch screen is so sensitive and I've been using this thing for over a month now and the screen has been completely falling off and it's not even charging anymore, I am so frustrated! If you're looking for a cheap laptop this is a really poor choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a couple of these for my son as gifts. they came in good shape but were just not working. I called tech support and got an email from a customer service rep telling me what I was doing wrong, and that she was going to send me a new one, which she did within the day. I've been using them every day for over a year and I cant see why someone would be unhappy about that. I have a cheapo brand keyboard and an old Dell computer with a bad monitor and that doesnt seem to matter. If you need a cheapie, you need one of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year and it works fine as long as you dont overcharge it or over discharge it (both of which you should not do) and dont leave it charging overnight. ive used mine for 4 hours and its just getting warm and not the fastest it could be. i just cant get it to boot to windows and windows wont even boot it up and you have to power it off and on. i will never buy another one. i bought this on the advice of my brother who had a similar device and he told me this would be a good product for the price. I have been happy with it but have to say that i would prefer a better product if its not a budget one.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------This is a great little device for a great price. However, the battery life is just so bad, I was disappointed. I have a new Samsung Galaxy S4, but the original was more than enough. This is not the case with the new model. I also have a Sony S-E1 which is a good device. The S-Vario is also a good camera for the price. I'm looking forward to buying another one for my wife.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was not happy with the sound quality. I was a little worried because the unit came with a hard case. The sound quality was very poor. The bass and midrange were harsh. I also did not get a chance to try the bass. I could not tell if the bass was bad or if it was just that the unit was bad. It is a small unit, but I don't know how I can get a good sound with a small bass.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for this device for about 2 years now and it finally arrived yesterday after being stuck in customs for about 3 months and still not in stock. It arrived today and im so happy about it. I was skeptical about the product but once i got it i was very impressed. It works like a charm. I have my router at home hooked up to this thing and it works very well. I've been having trouble with my wireless router but this one is working perfectly and im sure it will last for years. I will definitely recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've had the Apple iMac G3 since 2004, I've upgraded it 3 times, but I still have issues. First of all, the G3 has some serious problems. It starts up very slow, then goes crazy, then it stutters for a second or two, then I'm back to normal speed. Then I get a white screen with black letters and the sound keeps going. Then it takes forever to wake up from sleep. I'm running a 3.1 GHz i5 with 8GB ram and an AMD Phenom X4 830. I was considering getting a new computer but I have to get used to this machine. I can't believe it's so slow. I've tried to replace the cpu and hard drive, but it's just too slow. It's like the system has a bad processor or hard drive. The sound is just horrible, too loud. I have been a customer for a while now and I've never had an issue before, so I'm a bit confused as to why this is happening. I really hope the techs at Apple can fix this soon. I'll be going back to my Mac Mini.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It would be nice if they used the old, cheap plastic of my old PC for this device, because it has a good amount of sound. However, if it comes with a USB-C port, then that's the only problem with it. Rated 4 out of 5 by jess from Excellent for a budget! I'm very pleased with the sound quality. I purchased this to replace my last laptop, and so far I am happy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first thing I noticed is that the USB plug has a different shape than a standard USB plug. This made me question if the usb plug had a different size or was somehow different in shape. I ended up putting the plug back in the box to be sure. After some time and looking at a different outlet, I found that the usb jack is different than the standard usb jacks. It is shaped more like a traditional jacks, and has an indent on the end that sticks out more. I like the idea of it being a traditional usb jack, but I was a little confused when I saw the shape of the plug. I didn't want to try to remove the USB jack to see what was wrong, so I just decided to return it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing doesn't work.  The sound is bad, the batteries run out so quickly it's ridiculous, and the batteries are cheaply made.    I am disappointed with this purchase and I won't be buying another. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone 4s for almost 2 years and it always falls off. Ive had to take it off in the store because the screen will break off and i have to buy a new one. Not the iphones fault but a flaw in the device that is going to have to be addressed in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a good monitor for the price but the frame of the monitor isn't as good as the one from HP. You need to buy a case for the monitor to protect the back from scratches.  by K-M. on 10/03/2014 byon 10/02/2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the LG G3. I've had it for a month now and I am very disappointed with it. I purchased the LG g3 and the phone arrived damaged, it was a total flop. I bought the phone because it is beautiful and I have been waiting for this to be released. After I got it I immediately started using it and found that it is a huge flop with the 3.5 inch screen. I have tried everything to fix it and I'm not even close to happy. It was the first time I've bought an android device and I feel that the battery life is really bad. Also the phone doesn't work like a regular phone. The screen is so small and the buttons are small and hard to use. I'm a big fan of the design of this phone but the screen is just not very good and I wish it was bigger. The back of the phone is a big black piece of plastic and the front is a plastic piece with the LG logo on it. This phone is so bad that I can't even use it to make music or email. I will have to get a different phone because I don't want to buy this anymore. I can still use it as a small screen and I can use the camera and it is pretty good. The only positive thing I can say is that I still have my original battery. I am still happy I bought this phone, but the LG brand is not worth my money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I have the iphone 5s and i love it!!!!!! i use the headphones and the earbuds with the ipod and i feel so comfortable!!! and it is so much better than my iphones!!! it has the screen so good and i can view it with the headphones!!! my kids are so happy!!! they say it is better than the ics!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - Very nice looking and it works.   It's good, but if you are a person who is not a fan of the LED light and the way it looks it could be a little more durable.  The button and the backlight on it is not the best.  I don't know if that is the issue or if it is a product design problem.  - I got this to replace my iphone 6s and I love it, but I have the same issues.  My iphon 6s does not last more than a week of normal use. I think I will get a bigger one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first electronic device. It was not bad at all but I was so excited to use this because I was a fan of the original one. Unfortunately, the sound is so bad, you can barely hear the phone when you are talking to someone or making a call. I wish they would just put a headphone jack on it, because it's so awful, I couldn't use it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months now and i havent had any issues. but i have heard from some of my friends who have had issues. its not a bad device but for the price i wouldnt trust it with a lot of data. ive owned it for less than a week but theres a good chance i'll return it in a few weeks and get a new one. if theres any complaints i would recomend trying to buy a couple from different vendors because this one doesnt seem to be as solid as the others.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    -Battery is weak  -Poor sound  The battery in this thing is awful. I had to go buy a new one. I got the XB-P2, which is better, but still has a weak battery. This thing is worthless. The speaker is the only thing I like about it, but that's about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best part of the phone is the screen, and the battery. I have used an iPhone and an android phone and they were pretty much the same. They just look different. This one is very good.   I can't really recommend this phone for the price. I can't afford the iPhone 6 Plus for $699. It's not as good as the 6 Plus but I can afford it. This is a good phone for people who want a simple device with a good screen.   the best part about the phone, is the battery, but the best thing about the battery is the price
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a new Dell computer this week and had no problems at all until I turned on my laptop. The computer immediately started acting up. After I disabled all the programs and settings I tried to turn it on but it wouldn't turn on. The mouse worked but it kept making a beeping sound. The sound was the same as the beeping of a broken computer. I tried plugging the keyboard in but it did not work. After trying everything I finally gave up and called Dell to tell them about the issue. I was told that it will be fixed and that it is a problem with my motherboard and will not affect my computer. After the phone call I waited for about 20 minutes and finally the computer was powered on. I'm very upset about the quality of this product. It was a great price for the same model but it does not work properly and is extremely noisy and hard to use.  Did you find this helpful? 4 of 4 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Richard H. , January 8, 2016  2 / 5  Reviewed by:from Waukegan, IL. on
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was so looking forward to this item, and I was right. I have the bluetooth keyboard and this is my first wireless bluetooth device. I was amazed how the blu-ray player is much faster and more stable than my laptop. The keyboard is the best part of the product. I am a huge fan of Microsoft. It is easy to navigate the internet with it. I highly recommend this item. I would recommend it to anyone that needs bluetooth. I do wish they had made a bluetooth adapter for the USB cable so I can plug it in without the blu ray player.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used my pico before, and the usb ports are awful. the buttons have no tactile feedback. the only use I got out of it is playing my mp3s, which arent that great either. i'd still recommend a good pico if you're looking for a good portable player.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only thing that comes to mind that has made me go "ugh." First, the sound quality. I was expecting to love this thing, but the sound just doesn't do it for me. I have the original iPhone (which is a great phone) and it's so much better sounding.  The iPod shuffle is so much more accurate, I have to play it for an hour before I realize how horrible it sounds. The iPod is more expensive than this, but I think I would have bought it if I knew how great it was going to sound. The fact that you have to plug the USB into the power adapter also ruins it for my style.  It's a little disappointing because the sound was so great on the original iPod, but now I have a device that sounds so much worse than my other iPod. The screen on the iPod shuffle doesn't display anything for me but maybe that's just me.  The only problem I had with the device was that I can't actually control it.  I don't think I'm too big a fan of the music player because I find that the music playing on my iPod shuffle has a more "radio-like" sound.   This is my only negative thing about the device, but it was my only real problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I have the bluetooth headset and I've had no problem with it. I had to do a repair myself because the cable got pulled and the unit wasn't plugged in. It was in a nice padded case so I don't have to worry about breaking my ears. The headset is pretty nice. The microphone has good sound. I have not been able to get it to work on my computer and my headphones don't work. I haven't done a lot of research but I am hoping it has something to do with the blu-ray player or a computer that doesn't support blu-rays. I really wanted a bluetooth in my life and this was the one I wanted but now I'm bummed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works and works well. The only thing that bothers me is that you have to remember to turn off the light when you put it away. Other than that, it's a good unit. I've only had it about a month and have not had a problem.  If you need a backup for your phone or tablet this is a great option. This is a good backup for a phone or an mp3 player. The light on the back is nice to have.  This unit has a light on it. It's not great quality but its good enough.  The battery is the main thing that I don't like about this unit.  I like to have a backup battery for my mp3 players.  It would be nice if it lasted a bit longer than the battery that came with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard is very stiff and not at all easy to type on.  My favorite feature is the fact that it has a built-in memory keypad, but it doesn't work very well.  I can type on it with one hand, but I usually find myself using the other hand to help me make my way around the keyboard.  In addition, the built-ins are small and not very good quality.  The keys are very stiff, and there is very little tactile feedback.  On top of that, the keyboard is rather large, so typing is slow. Rating:    2 out of 5.  It's a good keyboard, but the keypad and the large size of the keyboard are the two big negatives for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great little device for the price. The speakers were ok, and you can get decent sound out of it, but the built in mic was way too sensitive. I could barely hear my co-worker talking, and then his mic would pick up the wrong word. Also the mic didn't seem to be as good as the other models I have. I've been using a different one in my laptop and it's way better. This is a very simple product and it does the job well. The price is right for the simple use it has, but if you have a more complex system you may want to look elsewhere. Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not a bad value The Bose sound is nice. However, the mic is too sensitive so I often have to turn down the volume to hear anything at all. I also get a buzzing noise from the unit. Also, it's very hard to plug it in without a cable to the wall, but at least it works if you use the supplied wall adapter. I really don't like the built-in speaker though. It has a weak bass and I can't hear anything through it. I'd recommend something with a little more power.  Rated 5 out of 6 by Michael from It works! I've had this device for about a month now and I'm very happy with it. The sound is good and the mic works great. It also has a headphone jack which I use with my iPhone. I was worried that I might be getting a cheapo device, but I'm pretty happy with my purchase. I'm glad that I bought this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this device twice for my wife and son. Both times, it has failed to work on them. I have been very disappointed. The first time she used it she took a picture of the device and showed it to me and I told her it was useless. She tried again and it did not work at all. She is now on a crusade to get the new version because the old one was junk. I don't know what to do anymore, this thing is junk. You can get a good image from it but the picture quality is terrible. Also the battery does not last very long. I had to replace it with a new one because it died on me. The second time she tried to use it she got the picture and everything but it failed to take the picture. She now wants the new one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, April 02, 2012  This product is useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have had this thing for about a year now and have used it for the same thing. It works, it has good sound quality but I wish I got the good old 2.1 instead of this bad boy. The battery lasts about 10 hours on a full charge. The one thing I can't live with is the battery life. It just seems like it has so much capacity. I usually play around a couple hours a day but if I leave the phone on it just keeps going on and on and it is just not enough. I think I will get a better one next time and just give it a try.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you're looking for a good audio amplifier for your home, this is the one. It's a decent amplifier and not as good as the Yamaha AC-30. It is, however, good enough for my needs and can be had for a reasonable price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  You are going to have to put up with my reviews.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  ELECTRONIC DESIGN FOR A PHONE is a bad design that is a total failure. I purchased the device for the purpose of watching videos and recording videos on the computer with the phone, but the design is horrible and the screen does not show a lot of information (like the time, date, etc.). I did not realize that the phone would not be able to record videos on my computer (I have a video camera), but the device does not have a memory card slot and does not support the SD format. The device is so cumbersome that I cannot use it at all, and I cannot see how I could use it in a way that will save me money and allow me to use the computer. I will not be buying another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst device i ever had. The screen is too small for my taste. When i try to use it it's too hard to use. The back button on the bottom is not working. The battery is not that great. You have to turn the device off and on a few times before it charges. I had to replace the battery twice because it was too dead. I have to charge it once every 4 days because the battery is too weak. The sound is too loud when it's on and it gets very hot when you are using it. My friends all said this is a bad product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this as a replacement for my old computer. When I plugged it in, it started working, but I have to turn it on manually every few minutes because the device is so slow to respond to the command. I've had it for about 6 months, and it is just soooo slow! I've been trying to fix it with the same thing that worked with my old one: turning the computer on and off and then plugging it in. Now it won't even turn on. I tried a couple of times with my usb cord, but that doesn't seem to help either. I'm just so disappointed with the quality of this item and I will not be purchasing it again.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a cheapo cell phone for almost 10 years, it doesnt work at all, and if it does its a joke, and i have a flip phone that does all the same things, but its better in every way, and its also a flip. its an over priced phone for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This is a wonderful, great product! I have tried them all. And this one is no exception. The light has a very nice glow to it and the volume is spot on. The only downside is that it's really heavy! The handle isn't very sturdy either. But for a small item like this I wouldn't have a problem using it. If the handle were a little bit stronger I think it would be great. I'm glad I purchased this and plan to purchase more.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mary jane from Excellent quality and great design. I bought the first model because I wanted something portable and this is perfect.  the light is great! it's bright, the volume works well, and the cord is comfortable. It is easy to use and a very good value.  I love it!  the light is perfect  it is very lightweight and the battery lasts for a very long time  I have the original version and it's awesome  this version is even better  The light is a very solid unit and it does a great job at keeping the room dark. It has a bright light but doesn't use up your battery. It also comes with a nice leather case so you can keep it on the night stand. The remote works well and is comfortable to hold. The battery lasts a very very long period of time, and that's what I really want. It's definitely not a light that you'll want to take around with you but I don't think I'll be getting rid of it anytime soon.  is is lightweight and very sturdy and the sound quality is perfect for the room.  on the other hand, the remote doesn't work very well at all and i can't tell if i'm turning it on or off  great product and great price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is an amazing machine! The price was great, the quality was better than most, and it was easy to use! I got it to work with my PC and laptop with a lot of hassle. I also got a cheapo USB flash drive from a friend for the same price.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great computer for a good price. The display is good, and I am looking forward to using it. The problem I have with this product is the audio output is a little noisy. It's not really annoying but it's still annoying. I am not going to spend a lot of money on this to get great sound, but it is still nice. I also think the screen is a good size for the price, I think it's a little small though, but that's just me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this in a 10.1 surround sound set up, with 3.5 inch sub woofer. It works well. I use it for music and video. I'm not a fan of subwoofers because the bass is so lacking, but for this type of use the sound is fine. The speakers are not very loud and they tend to distort the bass as it plays. The sound is not as clear as a set up like the Sennheiser HD598. However, it is ok for my use and has plenty of room to breath.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having this same problem with a number of different brands of computers (laptops and desktop computers) over the last 2 years. I have to remove the battery, rewire and replace it several times before the problem is solved. Its always the same problem: the battery will die on me before the computer will work. It usually happens when i am using the computer in a quiet room, such as a bedroom. It also happens when I am on a train or when my hands are sweaty or when I have been using the device for a long time. The batteries seem to last longer on the older ones, but not for this type of problem.  I really like this product and have used it a number times. I am extremely pleased with this product. It does not have a lot of noise and has not caused my laptop to lose battery life. I would highly recommend this product if you have problems with batteries.  the product is great, i have used mine for a couple of months and it works well, but the only issue i have is when i use it in my bedroom it gets really hot and the battery gets really dirty, but it works fine if i put the cover on. the only complaint i have about the product, is that it is hard to get the battery out, but thats about it.  to anyone having issues with battery issues, the product works perfectly and i recommend it highly  the product is excellent for a number things, if it doesn't work it's the battery not the product. the best battery ever, if you buy it buy a new one  Works well but the battery doesn't last long, but other than that great battery.  and the shipping was super fast.    My battery is getting really hot when it gets a lot hotter than it should. The product is well built and does what it is supposed to do. I've had this for about a month now and it seems to be holding up fine.  in the morning when I turn on my computer, it turns on and then dies in the middle of the day. .  (this is a new battery)   Great battery. It lasted over a year in my computer without issues. I don't mind a little dust.   I have been an Enermax user for a few years now. My computer is not working at all. I bought this battery to try and solve the problem. I was really impressed at how long
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 2 weeks and it works ok it has two buttons and one function the other button on the back works fine the buttons are small and hard to press if you want to press the buttons you can not because they dont go back and forth i think the buttons need to be made smaller but thats just my opinion this device is ok i use it to play games and watch movies and music but there are better devices for those things it just doesnt work as well as the other products i have had
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only positive thing I can say about this is that the battery lasts quite a while.   I don't like that the screen is constantly on or constantly changing.  I bought this because my son loves it and the screen changes colors to show when it is charging.  It is also a good size and I think it will last a good long time.  The battery is a bit flimsy, and I wish there were a way to replace the batteries, or to change the color.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The   i7-3500M   is an   excellent   processor   and   motherboard   for   your   computer.   But   I would   recommend   that you   get a   higher   clock  ,   more   ram   in   the   4 GB version.   It is   a  fast   memory  . But  -  it   seems   like   it is  slow   when   doing   things   ( like  games).  -  If   you  would   love   to   upgrade   this   product   If you are   looking   about   what   different   brands   are  at   Best Buy  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use as a phone/phone-like phone, but after about a week of using it, I realized I'm just not that much of a "phone" person. The earpiece is just a little too small for my liking. I had to go to my friends house to use it because the one earpiece wasn't quite big enough for me to use the phone in a phone-like way. The voice control is very nice, and I really liked the microphone. However, the speakers were pretty weak and the microphone is also not very good. The battery life is also pretty short. I can't recommend it highly enough as a first phone, because the only thing you get is a small phone that works for some phone-style uses.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------This is an awful device, you can't use it. It has a very poor screen and has the same issue as the previous LG smartwatch, it would not charge for more than a day. I've had to buy another LG smart watch, but it is a great device for the money. I will never buy this again. I'd rather pay $200 for an Apple watch.  Great product at a great price: ------------This is my first smart watch. It is perfect for my job as a medical assistant and has been very useful. I bought the gray one for my wife, and I am not surprised she is so pleased. It's very easy to use and very accurate, I have to be honest the battery life is not that great. It gets about 3 hours of use out of the battery. Overall, it is great!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was on a mission to get my hands on an external hard drive for my iphone 6 and I was disappointed. It was a hard drive but the internal storage on the device was very low and not usable. I was able to copy the contents of my internal memory card to the external drive but not very easily. I bought it for $5 and I won't be buying it again. I have a couple other devices in my house and this one does not give me any of the features that I expected. I am a very happy camper and have my ipps on the go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the TOSLINK G2 wireless transmitter about a month ago to go with the X5R camera. It's very cheap, it works great, and I haven't had any problems at all with it.   Unfortunately, the transmitter is very slow. I was able to record at 30fps, and then I had to adjust the speed down to 20fps. I think I may need to upgrade to the TASER X4R if I want to get fast continuous recordings. The X5Rs were only 30fps and they have a lot more power.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a lot of fun using the touch screen on the new iPhone 6s but the buttons and navigation are terrible.  Even on the home screen, the navigation button is on the wrong side and it took a few tries to get it to move properly.   Rated 5 out of 5 by JB from Love it!!! It's an iPhone. I own 3 of them. My wife uses an iPhone 7.  She has to use the phone all day, I just use mine.  I've owned this phone for a year. I love it. It's so easy to use, the pictures and videos come out amazing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few issues with this so far but it has a great sound. I was really looking forward to the sound on my system but i have had problems with the remote control. it keeps working but is hard to reach. other than that the sound is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a cheap set of speakers for the house that didn't sound good. I tried different things and they all sound like crap. It took a couple of weeks to get a set of really good speakers. I have to admit that I have some issues with this site. They are very slow to respond and the person that replies seems to have no interest in the topic at hand. The forums are pretty good and easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this product a few times. the sound quality is great, the remote is nice, but the buttons are so tiny. it takes me ages to get to them. I have to move my fingers up to the buttons and then press. then I have them move up a little to the other side to get them to work. it makes it difficult to do anything with it. its a good looking device, but it is hard to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound is good and the controls are easy to use. The controls for the buttons are a little loose but that's about it. I wish it had a little more buttons. It is very hard to use with only two hands.   Overall this is a good product, but it needs some improvements. I would buy it again if I had to buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I have had this device for about a month now and I am very disappointed. It does the job but the problem is that it does not come with a charger. I would like to get one but I do not want to spend the money on the charger. The only thing I did like about it was the remote control. I can use my cell phone and use it to play games. I have no complaints but the price is way to much. It is a great device but I feel like it could be better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used this product for about a year now and the device is working as expected.   The only problem is that the USB port on the device does not connect and thus the device has to be connected to a computer via USB cable.  I am still waiting for a replacement of the faulty device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it takes 2 minutes to make a call with this thing, but then it takes forever to get through with it. I'm using a flip phone and the call quality is so bad that I can't even use it to make calls for a living. It takes about 5 minutes to dial and another 10 minutes to receive a response. I think I would have been better off with a flip. Also, when I get an e-mail, the whole message box is just blank. It just says "Email sent." It doesn't even let me click on the message to read the contents.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 years now, and it has held up great. I got this as a gift for a friend of mine, and i love it. It's not the fastest, but i dont really care. It is just a really good looking light.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is a piece of junk. I bought it for a few reasons: It is a good speaker. The speaker quality is good, with some bass, good treble and a smooth transition between the highs and lows. It's the same speaker that I use with my Sony Playstation 3. It comes with a USB cable which is a nice bonus. It does have a volume control and a 3.5mm headphone jack. I was able to connect to my bluetooth headset and the sound is good. It has two different modes: "HD" (1080p) and "SD" (720p). The SD mode sounds better than the HD mode. The SD option also has a few different audio files (music, movies, podcasts) that are available. Overall, I would not recommend this product, unless you have no other options.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The   cable   is   bad. It   cuts out the   headphone jack   on   my   computer   every   time   I  turn it on.   It  doesn't   work   well   for my  computer   when   it   runs   low   or   crashes. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________. The sound is very good, and the remote is very responsive, but the interface is very clunky. I had to learn to use the mouse, and if I use the keyboard, I have to look at the screen to use it. It's so awkward. The microphone isn't that great, and is often confused with the TV remote. The remote is small, but very responsive. I am very disappointed in the lack of a dedicated button for the "off" button. I use this with a TV, and a cable box, and I have trouble finding a way to turn off the cable box. This is my first wireless remote. I was expecting a much more convenient one, and will not be buying another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A very poor product, this is my second time buying this device.   The first time was for a different company and I did not like it.  The new version is not better, but it works.  It was not easy to find the connector for this product and I was not able to get it to fit properly.  I have been using the old version for years and would have to buy a new one if this one does not work.  This was my second purchase and will not buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad device for a bad price. This is a very expensive toy. It is made to look like a real gun, but it doesn't actually work. It has the sound of a real gunshot, but no one can hear the bullet actually hitting anything. I would only recommend this for the kid who wants to pretend to be a killer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** This product is useless! It's not very good quality and not very durable, the light works well but i'm just gonna throw it away, also the battery is terrible i would get a real battery not this one. *****  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 06, 2016  This is the best!  by Daphne from Phoenix AZ USA  Review: Great product. A little pricey but well worth it. No problems.  The best! by jordan from Houston TX USA  the best.  and the best price  No issues! by Mark from South Bend IN USA : Very happy with the purchase. The best battery life out of any battery I've ever used. I would recommend to anyone who wants the best performance and best price out there. ....  It works!  with the right battery  By William from Washington, DC USA  be aware that the light will be very bright at full power. You will need a strong battery to run it and if you have a battery that has been over charged then it may not last all day. I'm currently running this on an old 4S cell battery. The flashlight works as well as any I have ever used and the battery lasts as long as I can go. I don't recommend running it in the dark, especially at night as it's very bright. ,.. it does what it says it does  A good, well designed flashlight   by Anonymous from St. Louis MO USA    Pros: Bright, durable, works well, great price. Cons: If you need a very bright light then get the G5.  on the battery and will not last very long. the light stays bright until the battery runs out. It works well with my old G1 flashlights that don't have the battery door so I bought this to replace the light in the G1 that I use to get around town. I like the battery so far.  "Great for a light"  I'm just returning this to the store and picking up another. This light is perfect for my needs. It's a very good product. The battery is not the worst battery I have had. The flash has a very nice range and the beam is very bright and easy to see at a distance. This is a great flashlight. I wouldn't change anything about it. I can't recommend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because it was cheaper than a Samsung phone. I thought it was the best for the price. It doesn't work well. The battery has a long life span. The screen is really small. It's only a phone, not a tablet. You have to use the side buttons for a phone. It does work as a phone when you need it. I don't recommend buying this device. I'll probably go to another brand instead.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound is just as I would expect from a low-end headphone.  However, the bass is quite a bit better than I had hoped, as the bass on the original XB500 is very weak.    The XB700 is a very nice headphone for the price.  The soundstage and imaging are superb, the mids are clear and detailed, and the highs are rich and detailed.  This is one of the few headphones that is truly transparent and very easy to listen to, but at the same time has a very natural sound.  I do have one thing to say about the bass though:  The bass on these is a bit too much.  It is very, very detailed and rich, but it is very pronounced.  Also, the overall volume of the bass and treble is a little low.  If you are expecting a more detailed and lively bass, then I suggest you look at something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was an odd choice to go with the HP Z8010 as a main machine because I have no problems with the Z8100 and the Z80, but the Z800 was a waste of money for a main computer. There is absolutely nothing that makes this machine stand out as being worth the cost. The keyboard is a little difficult to type on, and the mouse is a bit finicky. I really don't like the Z 800 either because of the slow processor speed. I would recommend you to get the Z81 and have fun with that one.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my husband and son. We both work and have a large screen. The device is easy to use and works great. It does a great job for both my husband, who is a computer programmer, and my son, who loves to play with computers. My son, however, does not like the touch screen. It is not a bad thing, but he just likes to do things on his own and would rather not use a touchscreen. I have only given it three stars because the only thing that I did not like was the fact that it does not come with a keyboard. This is the only reason why I gave it three. I do wish the keyboard was included. The product was a good purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The design is terrible. The buttons are not tactile enough. The speakers are weak. It doesn't hold a charge and I have to charge it every few months. I think the only thing that makes it work is the fact that it's waterproof. The only thing I use the device for is to play music and videos. The other features just get in the way. The design is awful and I will not be buying any more of them. I have my eye on the new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my brother because it's the best battery powered mp3 player in the world, but it's extremely loud. If you're looking for a quality device to replace your old mp3 players, this is the one!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought the Samsung Galaxy S4 about a month ago and am very happy with it. I have a Dell and I'm not a big fan of their products but this is a very good phone. However, I have been experiencing issues with the phone. The phone has a bad case (not sure why it's so bad) and is very sensitive to my body. I bought this case to protect the phone but I have experienced that it does nothing but get in the way. I've been experiencing problems with the screen being off (no sound, screen turns off, no battery indicator, etc.) and the phone not charging. This phone was promised to be the best but it has been a letdown. I'm going to return it and look at the other options.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst electronic devices I have ever had.  It does not work well and the only way to fix it is to buy a new one.  I love the light but the display is not bright enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________ I had to buy two of these to replace the old crappy batteries in my laptop. First, they're not very bright. Second, the plastic shell around the screen is pretty thin and fragile. I'd expect the metal housing to be much more robust. Also, the software that comes with it is completely useless. The buttons are all the same (up, down, right, left), and the program that comes is pretty pointless and completely unhelpful. I was able to find some helpful videos on Youtube, but they were all very old. The software doesn't seem to be updated either. This thing doesn't even seem to have the latest firmware available. In other words, the device works fine for what it is, but you're paying $80 to replace a bad battery. Not worth it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good buy I bought this to replace my old Apple MacBook Pro that I replaced a couple of years ago. I'm glad I chose to replace it with this one. I didn't expect it to be as good as it is. It is very portable, easy to use, and fast. I have no problems using it in a meeting, as it has a good keyboard. I haven't had any issues with it failing and the battery lasts a very long time. I am a Mac user but am now a Windows user as well. I recommend this to anyone that wants a good portable computer for a very reasonable price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The audio quality of the headset is really bad.  It is clear that they were not using a high quality mic, but this is not surprising considering it is a small speaker that has a mic attached to it.  The audio is very clear though and has a bit more punch than the cheap ones I had before.  It is not as clear as the cheap one but you get used to it after a while.  I can't hear you, I can't even hear myself!  The headset has a volume control that is pretty easy to use.  When it is set to "Mute", the volume is so low, that you can't really hear anyone but your own voice.  If you want to listen to the person next to you, you will need to press the "V" button and adjust the volume. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought the P10-P100 wireless printer last year. The device is perfect except that it's too expensive for the amount of print you get. Also, the print quality is terrible. I'm not even kidding, it's like printing on paper. It's really rough. You'd have to use a laser printer to see how much better it is than that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my samsung tablet since oct 2012. i have had many problems with it but none more horrible than the battery that died on me after about a month of use. i purchased this one because i had been reading reviews that said it was good, and i wanted something with a bit more power than the original tablet, but this one just doesn't live up to the hype. it is very slow, i can hardly play games at all and i get a bit of lag when i am using it, it can't be used for anything but reading, its a bit on the heavy side. i am so disappointed in this one and hope someone finds a better one soon
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these and they are the most unreliable device i have ever bought. if i use them i can make it work for a couple days, but then i will need to call them back to get it fixed. it would have been much better if the product was made by another company or if the warranty was longer than 1 month. also the cable is hard to get to and sometimes gets tangled with other cables in the wall.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I bought this item I was really impressed by the quality of the device and the service. The device is very compact, I'm sure it will fit into a regular sized computer bag and is perfect for the office. The only problem I had with the device was that the touch screen is really small and the battery is a bit small. This is a good device but the battery isn't enough to make me recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard of this tablet is very hard to type on, as it feels like the keys are glued together. It's hard to use, especially with larger fingers. I have a tablet which is slightly larger, but this one just doesn't feel right. The tablet is so heavy that I can't really use it for anything else but reading, reading, and more reading. The screen is very small, and the device has a pretty big bezel around the entire screen. The design is very plain. This device is a total waste of money. I can easily find more inexpensive alternatives which have better screens and keyboards.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------I purchased the N7000. It arrived about 10 days after ordering and it's in perfect working order. It was easy to set up, I had it running in under 10 minutes and it has performed flawlessly. I was pleasantly surprised with the build quality and the audio quality is really good. I have been using a Sony receiver and I am disappointed by the N7007. The quality is better in the N8007 and the price is cheaper. I wish Sony would offer this model for $400 and $450 instead of $700. It would make a good value for money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!! !!! You can not use it for anything except playing games!!   !!!!  ! !! !!!!!!!!!!!    Pros: - Good sound. Cons: - No headphone jack.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for an easy to use, portable USB adapter for my phone, but my phone doesn't have a standard USB cable.  So, I got the usb to ethernet adapter.    But   the adapter is not very good.  It is very thick, very rigid, and is hard to put on a flat surface.  When you use it on the table it doesn't even stay put, and when you want to plug it in it is a mess to do it.  The usb to power adapter is the same.  I have bought several other usb to powered adapter and I never had this problem.  This adapter is like $15.00 but not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my ipad pro.  But after I upgraded to the iphone 6s i decided to get a iphones 7 because it was much cheaper and it is just as good as the ipad.  I love iphons, iphonetunes, ipsongs, ipads, isopods, iplegs, ipod songs,  iphony, ive had them all iphonic.  i have been using them since they first came out,  it is very convenient and is a great music player.  I'm very impressed with the sound quality and the sound is great on iphonunes.  But I'm going to stick with iphonics for now because the ipod is so annoying, and the ipsong is much better,  so it will be a while before i will use them again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was the worst purchase I've ever made. The battery life was pathetic. I bought a 2 year old ipod touch and it lasted only 2 months. After that, I switched to the ipad and bought the ios 6 because it was $15 cheaper. I was expecting a new phone but was in for a rude shock. The screen is horrible. The keys are too small and the buttons are hard to press. There are a ton of bugs. The ipad wont wake up from sleep. It would only start up if I pressed the power button every time. I can't use it as a computer because it has no wi-fi. I don't recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The most expensive thing you can buy in your life. ____________ I was looking at the X-Pro 2 at Best Buy when a man came up behind me and said, "I don't need this. _____ It's a toy, not a computer." ______________ If you like being a computer nerd, but don't want to be tethered to a monitor, you'll want to wait for the next generation of X-Series models. _________________  - "You want the best, you have to pay the best."- "I have a hard time being a fan of anything I don't own."- _________ - __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and they are terrible! they do not work as advertised. the screen is very small and when i tried to get it on it did not work! i would never buy one again. i would rather spend the money on something more useful. i am disappointed with this purchase.  Rated 4 out of 5 by B.R. from Good product, not great The price is excellent and it is very easy to use. It does work well, but there are a few drawbacks: 1. It is not a high quality computer monitor. I used to have a very nice one but it stopped working when I switched from my old one to this one. The screen is not bright and it looks as if it was made in the 60s. 2. The speakers are a little loud. It makes it hard to watch videos on it. I am hoping that it will get better with time. 3. The built-in battery does not last long. It drains very quickly. The product has been very good for me and I am not worried about it dying anytime soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound quality is great and the design is nice. The battery life is great. I love the USB port. The only problem is that the remote control is very small and flimsy. I'm going to have to buy a more sturdy one.  Comments: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this for my daughter to have a backup battery in the car for her mp3 player. Unfortunately the battery was not included. The product came in about a week and the battery is bad. I have called apple customer service and they said that I would have to pay for the shipping to get the battery. I called apple and the representative I spoke to said I would be charged a shipping fee. He said that i would not have to wait for the battery and it would ship to me today. I had to go to the Apple store and they could not find the battery to charge it. When I bought the product I had a couple issues. First I did not receive the CD with the CD drive. I am really disappointed because I had ordered the CD. The second problem I had was that the product does not work. I went into the store and the rep said that the computer has to be charged and the computer cannot be used. He did not understand what the problem was. I asked him if I could call apple support and get the CD shipped and he said that he did not know if it was a warranty issue.   Would I recommend this product:    
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ When I first bought this thing, I expected it to be a good device, but I'm now finding out that it's a really bad one. It doesn't last very long. I bought it to make a game I am working on, but now I'm looking for a new one because of the fact that it won't work well. The battery lasts only 3-4 hours at max brightness. The buttons don't have enough travel to be easily depressed. It's hard to use on a table. The sound quality is ok but nothing special. The display has no color and is extremely dim. The built in mic is very weak, but you can buy a second one for $2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** I bought this unit on Black Friday. It was advertised as a USB to SD card reader, but I'm not a big fan of SD cards. So, I had to return it. The product was ok, but the customer service was terrible. The sales person was very rude and refused to help me. I tried to explain my situation but she wouldn't take my calls. I have to give it one star for the sales person though, she was very helpful. I will not be purchasing anything from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my husband as a present. He loves it and loves it a lot. He uses it on his work computer. It works perfectly and he uses it everyday. The only complaint I have is that it gets so hot while the computer is on that I had to put a cover on the laptop so the computer doesn't get too hot. I think that's the only issue I had with it.  There's nothing wrong with the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My computer is broken and I'm really looking for a new one. I bought this and it worked great, but I couldn't find anything to replace it with. I'm going to try to find something that works, but this isn't it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am very happy with my purchase and will continue to buy from this company. I am a heavy electronic user and was very hesitant to purchase this item as I'm a heavy user. I bought the tablet for my son who has severe attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and his ADHD and he absolutely loves his tablet. I recommend this product to all who have a child or need to provide support. I highly recommend this to anyone.  by Anonymous on 07/28/2017 byon 07/,28/20158 I am so happy with this tablet! This is the only product I have ever owned that's been a 100% success. The iPad is great but it's very slow to open, you have to open the case to even use it. I thought that was the case with the iPad but with this I'm able to open it up at the touch of a button. I'm really enjoying it so far!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This item was the first electronic device that I have owned, but I have bought many other items from ebay. -------------------------- I really love my ipad mini. I am very pleased with the device. --------------- This item is soooooo nice, it's a steal. -------------- I got this for my boyfriend and he loves it. ------------- I love this. ------------ It's amazing. -------- This is the first device that's worked as it was advertised. ---------------------------- The design is awesome. ------ I'm very happy with my purchase ------------------------ This item worked great for me --------------------------- It's a great little gadget.  ------------------------ ------------------------ I got the ipad in blue.  I bought this for Christmas, and I was happy with it. It's the perfect size for my kid's room. It has a battery life of about 2 days.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Bambi from The perfect gift for a tech-head. I'm a fan of all the Apple products and this is a perfect gift. It looks great, it works great, and the price is right!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you don't know the differences between the "B" version and the "A" version you should get the A version.   I had to wait for 2 months for the B version. It took the B a year to arrive because of the "production" issue with the B. The B has no issues with the phone and the buttons are great. I wish I had gotten the A, but if you have a bad phone I don't think the B is worth the wait.   The A is a great device.   in my opinion, the A and B should be the same size. The A has better screen than the B and you get a lot more storage. The only negative I have is that the A is so bright. I can't see anything in the dark with the A.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have owned a Philips Sledge Hammer for over a year and have loved it. I have broken my other hammer several times and was not sure if this would be any different. I did not realize the metal part on the back of the hammer is sharp. I was able to bend it back with a few hits of the sledge. The only issue is that the Sledge is too big for my kitchen and the handle is too small. I like the hammer and would buy it again if it had the handle. It has a nice metal finish.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- The first time I tried the T-Mobile 3G-capable Nokia Lumia 800 I was very impressed. I have used the iPhone 4 and the Samsung Galaxy S2 as well, but have been frustrated with the performance of the Lumia 800. I wanted to get the 800 as soon as it was announced and I was happy with my purchase. I had a T-mobile sim card that was going to expire and I decided to purchase the Nokia 800 from Amazon. My wife also has the Nokia 808 which is very good. I use my cell phone and my computer as my primary sources of data and the Lumia is great for the data portion. The phone is very light, the screen is very nice and the camera is good. The only issue I have with the phone is the battery. It is only about two years old and I would recommend buying a new battery, even if you just want to upgrade it to a newer version. The performance is great and I use the phone all the time. I am looking forward to the next version, hopefully the next two years.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- --------------------------- ------------------------- This is the worst electronic device I've ever used. When I bought it, I was expecting something nice. It works well, but I have no idea how to change it. When it's on, it has a loud humming noise. When the lights come on, the sound is the same. The batteries are cheap, and the display is bad. I've had to change the batteries every 4 days because they have dead. If it were a cheap product, I would give it 3 stars, but this is not a cheap item. I was really looking forward to it, but after this experience, I'll probably never buy another one of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I purchased the PX-4 because I have been looking for a good set of 3. The only bad thing I found about this device is the fact that it is extremely sensitive to the light on the light-switch. I have not found a way to get the switch to work without getting a lot of light, but this was the only con I had about this set. The light-sensor is pretty much useless, but it does not matter because of the ability to get a lot more light.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 2 weeks now and im still not happy. the screen is terrible and its not bright enough to be used as a phone. the camera is just ok and the speaker is just average. the battery isnt very good but theres no way im buying a new one after using the old one for so long. theres also no way i'm buying another apple phone ever again
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I bought this because I have to take care of my cat who is very aggressive. It takes about 20 minutes a day to change the batteries every 2 days. I've been using the Cat-Courier for about a month now and it's a good product. It does the job it's supposed to do. The battery is small but it's still not a small battery. It charges up in less than a minute. The price is good but the service and quality is not as good as the cat-courier. I am considering a new one from a different company.  A Great Product At a Great Price I love this product. My cats LOVE the Cat Carrier and they are so much happier in it. It has also been a great investment to the house since they don't have to find their food anymore. The only thing I'd like to see changed is that it would be nice if the door was a little wider so I can lock it if I don't want my cats in there. It's so small and I don`t think I would mind if the doors were a little larger to let them out more easily. I also don't think they should be able to go in there with their tails down. I think they are a bit too big for that. Overall it's great and it would probably be even better if it were a bit larger. I'm not sure if the Cat Courier can hold a kitten so I'm a bit worried about that. , December 4, 2017  Great Product, Good Service I bought a Cat Carrier for my cat, she loves it. The door is big enough for her to get out of the Carrier when she gets bored, but she can't get in when she's not bored. My cat has never had a problem getting in and out of her Carrier. The batteries last a long time. The carrier is durable. My Cat Carrier has been very durable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i bought this a few weeks ago and i just found out it can't charge my phone when i plugged it in. i am just going to wait until my next order and buy the usb battery pack it came with because i think i'll be back to this item.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, July 11, 2015  Good value  by Brian from Sacramento CA USA  Pros: Good value  is a good little charger, and the charger comes with a little adapter for use with any USB charger, which is handy. .    Cons: I would suggest to get the "USB Battery Pack" instead of the "charger" because the charger doesn't charge your phone. It charges a wall charger, or any other USB device. -B-  Review: It's great, just not that great.  a little big for my car, but it's good for my phone.  the only downside is that it only charges a USB device and that I can't get it to charge my ipad.   Was the Review Helpful? Yes NO Thursday, April 24, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The first thing that I did was look for a device that was compatible with the old Sony Walkman but also have the audio functions of the newer Sony Playstations. The Audio-Technica ATH-M50x had all the functions I wanted, but I had to replace the old Walkman with the new M50x as it has a better speaker system and audio quality. The M50 is a better quality Walkman that will last you a lifetime. I bought a Sony A6300 with the Playstation 2 interface and the M50 and I have been very happy with this new system. I have had my Sony for a year and the only complaints I have about it is that the power switch is a bit hard to turn on. Also the control buttons are hard to find with your thumb. I don't have any other issues with the device, and the Playstation 2 interface is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I'm sorry I wasted my money. It was really good at first but after 3 days it stopped working and I'm very disappointed. It's the first bad purchase I've ever made with a company and I was very frustrated. I'm going to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use with my new Samsung Galaxy S3 because it's a wireless headphone. However, I got so frustrated with the volume setting that I returned it. This has to be the worst product I have ever bought. The volume settings are absolutely horrible, especially when you're trying to use a Bluetooth headset. It's just awful. This was also the first headphone I've ever had to buy, and I was so frustrated. I just wish I could get a refund on this one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a pretty good monitor, and it's a good monitor. I'm not much of a gamer, but I like it, so it's worth a little more than the MSRP. The thing that's got me off is the lack of a proper remote for the monitor. When you plug the monitor into the computer, you have to use a mouse for it to function, and that's a pain, because you have no control of the mouse cursor itself, which is the key to using the mouse to do things. Also, the mouse is very finicky about the cursor position, so if you're using a laptop with a trackpad, you're going to have a bad time with this. I'd rather spend $100 on a proper mouse than have to fiddle with the monitor this way.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best of the bunch, but there are better alternatives. The other two are very good as well.  Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  a little pricey for a small box, but worth the money.   product was as described, easy to set up, great for home use, and easy to get going. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a few months now and it has been the worst phone ive ever owned. the camera is very poor and the phone freezes up on me every time i try to use it. i got this phone as a gift and was very disappointed. if i had known this when i bought it i would not have bought it. it is too expensive for the quality.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: azzys
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months now and i love it! i dont use it for music but for watching tv it is perfect. i have the samsung smart tv and the sony pvr. i was able to use the tv remote on this and it works great!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 for my family. We used to be using an iphone iphones for everything. So when iphONE 4 came out i was happy. My wife bought one for herself but she got a brick when she tried to connect it to her iphON.  Then she bought another iphono because the one she bought from Xiaomi was so small. So i bought her a redmi Note4 iphONES!  She loves it and we are all enjoying our iphOIMP4's. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this since it was released and the only problems i have had are with the screen and the usb port. i like it and its nice to be able to plug into my pc and my laptop at the same time. but the usb connection isnt very good. i would like it to be like a usb 2.0 connection. Also the screen can be a little dim when its at full brightness. i use a laptop screen with a brightness control and it has a more than enough brightness for the games i play. Overall great device but its my fault for not getting a better one sooner!Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 2 years now and it doesnt work, i bought this because i needed a wireless keyboard for my ipad. the thing sucks. the key press doesnt register. the buttons dont register. i dont use this much but it sucks. I wish i had never bought it. I have been using an iphone since 2011.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month now and it isnt even worth my money. i bought it for the ability to charge my phone via a usb-c cable and the usb-to-adapter that comes with it. i plugged it in, put in my usb-hub and started playing some music. all my usb devices were not working so i looked up usb-devices and saw that this was a usb hub and was wondering why i could not charge my ipod using it. after a few days i started having a problem with my computer not being able to turn on so i got it fixed. when i took it out of the box i realized that the usb ports are not even screwed in and if you try to plug them in they dont even come close to being connected to the pc. so all in all its a really expensive product and its a pain to get to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a Toshiba laptop and a Windows 8.1 computer that both ran very well, but I have now noticed that the Toshiba computer's speakers are way too loud. It is not really a problem if you are using the laptop in a small space, but it is very noticeable at the end of a long day of work. The Windows computer, on the other hand, has much better speakers than the Toshibaba and works well, although I find that it has a slightly louder volume. The only thing I really like about the Tosibaba is that it is a very small computer, but if you really need a laptop, this may be a good alternative to the Tosababa. I also found that the keyboard is a little too small for me, but the touchpad is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got this for my husband for Christmas, and he loved it. He has been looking for a new computer to replace his older one, but this one is much nicer. It is very easy to use, and the sound is great. However, there is only a few games that I think are worth playing, but for the price, I would not hesitate to get another one.  Did you find this helpful?  (Verified Buyer)  David  5  Reviewed by:from Chicago. on 5/1/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Nixie and was disappointed in the performance of this electronic clock.  The main issue is the light which is a very poor red color.  I think this clock is more of a novelty item than an electronic clock because the battery runs out and it is difficult to change the battery and find a good battery replacement if the battery is out.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product twice now. both times i bought it on the internet and paid the shipping from China. the first time i used it the usb port was dead. i got it replaced and the second time it started to give me a false reading on the display. the second display is only 1/4 the size of the first one and the problem isnt as bad. it would be better if it would just display the actual voltage and not the voltage over a certain range. also the power LED does not light up. i have also seen this on a lot of other brands. so basically i got a $200 e-cigarette that works but cant really compare to a good cig/e-hookah.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace my old laptop, but the battery started dying within 3 months of purchase. I was trying to save money by going cheap and used the Dell store and got the laptop for $199, but when it died I was very upset. I returned it and bought a used laptop on craigslist for $150. I couldn't find a good review online, so I went to the store and they gave me a 2 month warranty on it. I've had this computer for about 2 weeks now and it's not working as well as the laptop I bought from Dell. I think it's because the new computer has a lot more features than the laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 samsungs since the s4 and the s5 are the same. the s6 is worse. if you dont have a s6 then get one. i have a iphone 6s and a samsung galaxy s6. they're good phones but the samsung s6 and s6 edge are the worst ive ever used. they just dont feel as good as the other ones and the build quality is not as good. the new s6 models are ok but the older ones are a little better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a cheap toy that would not get good reviews but I would buy it again in a heartbeat!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's a great speaker but the audio quality is very poor.  There is a slight buzz but not enough to be distracting.    A few of my favorite audio devices:   I bought this because I wanted a good speaker to put in my car.  It's really good but the sound is not very full.  I am really pleased with the speaker but I wish it was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really like the sound of this device, but it really has issues with it's durability. It can sometimes be very hard to plug in, and it will often lose connection for a while before coming back on. If you are going to be playing long, it is definitely a good device, however, it's design leaves a lot to be desired.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The screen is dim but the device is good to use for the price. The batteries have a hard time keeping up with the device. If I can find another device that is better I will. --------------------------  5/5 Great Price for a great device! --------------------------- Great for my job. I use it to listen to music and do some writing at the same time. I've had the device for about a month and I have been very satisfied with the product. I would recommend this product to anyone. --------------  3/5 Very poor build quality -------------- This device is really great at what it is, but it is not built to last. The battery life is very low, I can only get about an hour of screen time, and the battery seems to be dying very quickly. I had to replace the battery when it finally quit working. The device is a nice device, but I will not be buying another one, as the build quality seems to indicate. ---------------  2/5 Poor build quality and low battery life --------------- The product seems good in design, but is really not built well. It seems like the battery life can last only for about an 8 to 10 hour work day. It's a very cheap device, and not worth the money --------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year now. i bought this to use on my computer to run some of my older games that wont play properly. i have never used it for that, i just use it to stream my music and video games from my ipad. I bought this because it was a deal, but i still don't like it. It takes a lot of power to stream music and games, the battery life is horrible, the screen is very dim and you cant watch videos on it. If you have any issues with this, just buy a samsung or an apple product and you will be fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this in early 2015, and the device is fantastic! I bought it to get my work done quickly and at home. I have used it a couple of times now and am impressed with the features. The sound is very clear, and I do not notice any distortion or static that some other people complain about. The battery life is great. It has a very good sound quality. I am very happy with my purchase and recommend this device to anyone who is looking for an easy way to record at home and does not need a studio. I recommend the sound quality and the ability to do audio with a lot of options. It's a must have for anyone that works with audio. I will buy another one soon.  by: Anonymous on July 21, 2015 :  I'm very pleased with this purchase, it's been a pleasure to use. I used it to record a short video, and was surprised at how well it recorded audio. The only problem I have found is the small battery that's included doesn't last very long, but that's not the device's fault. I would definitely buy this device again.  a little loud but works well  Write a positive review about the product: --------------- I've used my DTR-S2 for about a year now. It was my first audio recorder. I'm very happy that I went with the S2 over the S1. It is the best quality and works flawlessly. It sounds so much better. The size is nice and big enough to fit in a pocket, but not so big that it's cumbersome to carry around. The mic works great. I use my own recording software and have not had a problem with sound quality or microphone audio.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This is the worst tablet I have ever owned.    The screen is horrible and the battery life is almost non existent.  The only reason I am still using this device is because the keyboard is amazing. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a good device, I would buy this again, but I don't like that the charging port is right on the side of the device. --------------- I have a problem with this, the battery is the same size as the original one, but the new one does not last as long. The battery lasts about a month before the battery dies. --------------  Good for a beginner: ------------------------- This is an excellent beginner device, especially for a guy who's never used a computer before. I like that it's easy to use and works well, and I also like that there's a USB charging port and an HDMI port, which I find very handy. ------------------------  I really like this product: -------------- I was a little nervous about buying a laptop and a tablet but I decided to try a cheapie that had the features that I was looking for. I love it, and am very happy with it. The USB port is nice, the screen is very bright and I like the wireless features. I also think that this device will be able to hold up to 6+ hours. I will probably buy another one of these for my daughter's computer when she gets older. -------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great device, but unfortunately the software was not up to the task.  The software is so buggy that it constantly crashed.    It has a very small screen (and not really a tablet, it's more of a tablet PC) and the mouse is so slow.  There is a software issue that is really annoying, it takes so long to turn off the screen that the screen becomes unresponsive.  This is not an ideal experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A good device. I purchased it for my daughter as a birthday present. I was very pleased with the quality and value. But the thing I was most disappointed in is the fact that the light on the front was the only thing that worked at all. It was a bit hard to turn off so I had to use a lighter and a lighter again. I also have had problems with the battery. I just purchased another one for my son for Christmas and the batteries seem to last about 4 years. I would recommend this to a friend who has a hard time holding a phone.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Tommie from Great Product I purchased this for my husband for Christmas. He said that the phone worked great. It's easy to use. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's easy for a child to pick up. It is a little hard to hold but that is only because I had no clue what I was doing when I got it. -Tommie
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* This is a really great product, but the price is too high. I would have given it a 5 star if they had not charged me for a replacement. I called to ask them if the problem had been fixed yet, and they said no. So now I have to spend $40 on a new one. **********  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 25, 2015  Works as advertised!  by David from Las Vegas NV USA  Review: I had to have the old one replaced as my wife's had a faulty connection for years. After reading a review saying it would not connect on the first attempt, I went ahead and purchased this one as well as another one from Best Buy. I got it today and installed it yesterday. It's working great. It is easy to use and connect and the product is well made. I've only had it for a few days, but so far so good! .  Pros: easy to connect, works as advertised, price is great, no hassle. -David  Did you find this helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Sean  5 / 5  Reviewed by:from Las Vegas Nevada. on 3/28/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for a project that was going to be used in my house as a speaker system. It was ok but the quality is not good at all. The sound is very flat and there is no punch or sound to the sound. The only good thing is the battery life. But I had to spend alot to replace the speakers as I did not want to get a brand new one. Also, there are so many problems I would not buy another one like this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First of all, this device is crap. I am very disappointed in the design. It does nothing. The only way to connect it is to use an adapter.   The speaker is not very loud. If I had this in the house it would be the end of the world.  , my wife hates it because she has to keep changing the batteries in it.   is this a bad review?   I'm glad I don't use it but it's still not the best device I've ever had.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bambam from Awesome, and better than I expected This little piece of junk can do everything I need it to.  .   and it's a lot cheaper than I was expecting.  in a world where it seems like every time I want to upgrade, I end up with a new phone, I'm glad to have a good old phone for $20.   the only thing I don`t like is that the usb charger seems to run out of power pretty quick. .   if the only problem was that the USB charger would die after one day then i would be satisfied with this unit. , the only real issue I had with this thing is that it doesn`t have an auto turn off feature like the other i have. I had to turn off the computer every day and put it back on every night to get a new charge. I wish there was a way to turn it off but if you have the device plugged into your computer and you don`n turn it on every day that`s a problem. I really hope there is a way for you to turn the device off but the lack of auto-off makes it pretty much unusable for me. and finally a review from someone who was able to use this device for about 3 months: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a gift for my daughter. She is so happy with it. It is so cute. I think she will use it all the time now. I am not a big fan of the battery life. The first time I had to charge it twice it took 4 days to charge and the second time I needed to charge for 2 days and I had no problem with the battery. I would buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This phone is a joke. It's a terrible phone. It takes a long time to charge, there's a very weak battery, and it's very expensive. The only good thing about this phone is that it has an IR blaster built into it, which makes for great use as a remote. I bought this to take to a friend's house to help them get through the Christmas holidays. But they had to be able to access their phone from anywhere in the house without having to leave the house. I'm sure it's good for that. If you can't stand the idea of having to pay $200+ for a cell phone, this is a good alternative. I will be purchasing a cheaper phone that's easier to use, but I'm disappointed in the purchase of this. If it's worth the money, buy it. If not, get a cheaper one.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm really glad I got this one. I was on the fence about getting a wireless keyboard. But after I tried the touch pad and wireless mouse, I'm glad I did. The mouse is fast and accurate, and the touchpad is excellent for navigating. The only problem I have with it is that I wish it had a little more power. The laptop has an optical drive and the bluetooth doesn't work with it. But it's still good for a basic computer. I'll definitely be getting one of these in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a really nice little unit. But the battery only lasts for about 10 hours, which is way too short to do most of my electronic needs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for about a year now. Theres only one issue. i can not connect the battery to the device at all. i have to pull the battery out and connect the cord. Its a pain. Also, theres no software on the device, just a software that allows you to connect to a computer. You have to download a new version for every device that you buy. It's not a big deal, but it is annoying.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is my second of these and will be the last. I bought the blue and black. The blue has a good sound quality and color but it is a very poor choice for this application. The black one is a terrible choice for my purpose. This is the worst purchase I've ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a replacement for a broken iPhone 4. After a few weeks I noticed that the sound is so weak. I bought a Bluetooth speaker for my iPhone but after a few months it broke, so I went to Apple Store and they asked me to go out and buy this. I don't like the design, the price is ridiculous, and the sound isn't as good as the speaker I bought. The Bluetooth is also a pain to use as the cable needs to be constantly pulled out to change songs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this one for almost a year and a half and it still gives me headaches. i have had a lot of problems with the touch screen not working. it will sometimes just be off, but sometimes it won't work at all. i think it is becuase of the batteries. i bought two sets of batteries and both batteries are failing after only a year. the problem is that it is very expensive for what you get. the touchpad isnt very good. it is made of plastic but i dont care. it just gets in the way and isnt great to use for gaming. i do however use it alot to navigate the internet. this is my first computer so im not sure how this will hold up. i may give it another year or two but its going to be a hassle to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not very reliable.  The phone is great, but the wireless charger is very unreliable and can only power my iPhone 7 and iphone 7 plus, which is very slow.  The charger works, but I have to have it connected to my phone via a 3.5mm jack or USB cable to charge it.  The phone is the only thing that can be charged with it.    This is what I mean by a "broken" charger.    The other chargers are the same as the original charger I bought.  I had to order this one online and it took me over 2 weeks to get it. Overall:   This is a great product.  It is easy to use and has good reviews on Amazon.  If you're looking for a good way to charge your phone on the go, I'd recommend this to you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an interesting and fun project but the build quality of the PCB is poor. There is only one breakout header on the board which is very close to being soldered to the chip and that means the solder joints can get hot and break off. If you solder a bunch of the header together, the pins are very close together and it's very easy to short out a pin. Also, the solder on the pin headers are very thin and have a tendency to "glue" themselves on the other pins making the connection difficult. I think the chip is designed well but it is a bit hard to use for the price.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images dialog Previous Image Next Image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ __________ ___________ ____________  This was my first set of headphones (and first headphone) and they are really nice. I have used other brand headphones and they have been way too loud. The sound is amazing and I am very happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the sound of the unit is very poor.  There is a distinct sound that comes from the unit that is annoying.    If you listen closely you can hear it even when it's not on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not the best, but it works well enough. It is the only phone I have. The battery life is average for an android phone, but for me it is perfect. I love the way the phone looks.  The screen is bright, and the phone has enough screen real estate.  I got this phone because my old one was lost. I can't remember the last time I had an android, but I'm glad I decided to get this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a number of these over the years and never had a problem. However i noticed that there is a slight squeaking noise when turning the power off and on. Also it wont even turn off with the batteries. I have a laptop and the power button on the laptop is much harder to push, this one has a much harder click. Also there is no way to turn off the screen. Not worth the money  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Fantastic for the price and quality! I'm a home-user who is using this as a "power bank" for the computer/laptop/netbook. It's compact, well built, and works as advertised. The only complaint I have is that the USB connector is somewhat loose. That said, the only other problem I have found is the battery life. I bought the 50 watt version and I'm getting about 5-7 hours of life from a full charge. I also use this for my portable gaming console. If you have a high power device (or are considering a purchase), I highly recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only thing I have to complain about is that there's no USB port. I was hoping to be able to charge my cell phone without having to carry around a charger, but this won't work. It does work as a USB hub and as a backup hard drive, so that's a bonus.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: alexandrei
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst iphone iphones i have ever bought.  I was not expecting that.    I am so disappointed in this product.  The case is too small, it is very hard to turn around the phone to charge it.  The charging cable is very short.  If i put this phone on my charger it gets too hot.  I have to keep the screen on at all times to use it properly.  You should have charged it up before you bought it!  My wife bought this phone for me.  This phone is not worth my money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first product I bought from Best Buy and it's the first of many. The customer service was a little slow but they got me a refund and replaced my defective device. I was skeptical about buying this product from Best buy because they don't sell a ton of these. The problem is that it's hard to get them out of my hands. The other problem is the cost to replace the unit. I will not be buying this device again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used this device for about a year. It has a decent battery life and the built in microphone works well. However, the device is very small and doesn't have a case, so if you are going to put this in your pocket, you have to have a hard case for it. I've also had issues with the sound of the microphone.   I had purchased this device to record conversations while I'm on the go, but the sound is very low in quality.  It would be great to have an external speaker so I can use the device while I am at work or while listening to music.  I don't recommend this device unless you're willing to buy a case. 
